Pandas can eat
Pandas can eat.
Pandas can't be beat.
Pandas can eat.
Pandas are neat.
Pandas can eat.
Pandas don't eat meat.
Bamboo is their treat.
Pandas love to eat!

Cars!
This is an old car.
This is a new car.
This is a red car.
This is a blue car.
This is a dirty car.
This is a clean car.
This is a yellow car.
This is a green car.
This is a dull car.
This is a bright car.
This is a black car.
This is a white car.
This is a fast car.
This is a slow car.
This is a stopped car.
This is a go car.
Sure do wish, this was my car!

Hogwarts Houses
Hogwarts Houses
The sorting hat tells you what house you are in.
If you are in Gryffindor, then you are very brave.
Harry Potter is in Gryffindor.
If you are in Slytherin, then you are very sneaky.
Draco Malfoy is in Slytherin.
If you are in Ravenclaw, then you are very smart.
Luna Lovegood is in Ravenclaw.
If you are in Hufflepuff, then you are very friendly.
Cedric Diggory is in Hufflepuff.
What house would you be in?

Stone Soup
Some travelers arrived in a small village.
The travelers were hungry and tired.  They had a wagon, some blankets, and an empty soup pot.
The villagers had no food to share.
One of the travelers filled the pot with water.
The traveler started a fire.  He added one stone and started cooking it.
A villager asked the man what he was doing. The traveler told him, "making stone soup."
The traveler told the villager that stone soup could be tasty, but carrots would make it better.
The villager got some carrots and added them to the pot.
Another villager asked the man what he was doing. The traveler told him, "making stone soup."
The traveler told the villager that stone soup could be tasty, but potatoes would make it better.
The villager got some potatoes and added them to the pot.
Another villager asked the man what he was doing. The traveler told him, "making stone soup."
The traveler told the villager that stone soup could be tasty, but onions would make it better.
The villager got some onions and added them to the pot.
Another villager asked the man what he was doing. The traveler told him, "making stone soup."
The traveler told the villager that stone soup could be tasty, but corn would make it better.
The villager got some corn and added it to the pot.
Another villager asked the man what he was doing. The traveler told him, "making stone soup."
The traveler told the villager that stone soup could be tasty, but salt and pepper would make it better.
The villager got some salt and pepper and added both to the pot.
Soon, the stone soup was ready to eat.  It was delicious!

Snow White
This is Snow White.  She is a princess.
Snow White wasn't always a princess.
Snow White had a wicked step mother. The wicked step mother was a beautiful queen.
Each day the Queen would say, "Magic mirror on the wall, who is the fairest of them all?"
Each day the mirror would answer, "You are my Queen."
With each passing day, Snow White got more and more beautiful.
The wicked step mother did not like it. She wanted to be the most beautiful.
One day the Queen said, "Magic mirror on the wall, who is the fairest of them all?"
And the mirror said, "Snow White is the fairest of them all!"
The wicked step mother was angry. She wanted to get rid of Snow White.
The wicked step mother wanted to kill Snow White. Snow White ran away and found the seven dwarves.
The seven dwarves let Snow White stay in their home, but they warned her about strangers.
Snow White did not listen.  A stranger gave her a poison apple. She took a bite and almost died.
Then the Prince came.  He saved Snow White.
They fell in love and lived happily ever after.

Scout
Scout is a main character in the book called, To Kill a Mockingbird.
The story is about her coming of age.
Scout is called a tomboy.
She isn't "ladylike."  She doesn't like girly clothes.
She is as strong as the boys in school.
She speaks her mind about right and wrong.
Like helping innocent outcasts like Boo Radley.
And speaking out against racial injustice.
Scout is a strong girl.

Buried Treasure
Stanley is a boy who gets in trouble for stealing shoes.
Stanley really did not steal the shoes, but he has to go to Camp Green Lake as punishment.
It was not very green at Camp Green Lake.  Just a bunch of old dirt.
Stanley has to be careful at the camp. There are spiders, rattle snakes, and yellow spotted lizards.
Every day each camper has to dig a hole as deep as the shovel.
Stanley's friend Zero decides away from camp.
Stanley goes to find Zero.
Stanley and Zero learn there is treasure buried at Camp Green Lake.
Stanley and Zero go back to find the treasure.
The warden wants the treasure too. That is why the warden makes the boys dig holes every day.
Who will find the treasure first?

The Rules of Camp Green Lake
The campers at Camp Green Lake had to follow many rules.
1. Breakfast is at 5:00am.
2. Do not ask for more food or water.
3. Don't upset the warden.
4. The shade is for the warden only.
5.  Report everything you find to the warden.
6. Dig one hole every day.
7. Dig your own hole.
8. Holes must be five feet wide and five feet deep.
9. You can stop digging when your hole is finished.
10. Avoid the rattlesnakes. Their bite may kill you.
11. Avoid the scorpions. They may kill you.
12.  Avoid the yellow spotted lizards.  They WILL kill you.
Would you survive at Camp Green Lake?

Vegetables in the Ground
Root vegetables grow in the ground.
Carrots grow in the ground.
Radishes grow in the ground.
Beets grow in the ground.
Potatoes grow in the ground.
Onions grow in the ground.
Garlic grows in the ground.
Yams grow in the ground.
Do you like root vegetables?

All About China
All About China
This is China. It is on the continent of Asia.
China has many, many people.
It has old people...
and young people.
Cities in China can be very large.
There are many coloured lights at night.
The biggest cities are by the ocean.
Most cities are small.
Chinese buildings look different to Western buildings.
Do you see?
Some of the buildings are red...
and round.
There are many mountains in China.
Lots of China is covered with mountains.
This is the Great Wall of China. It was built in the mountains to keep people out of China.
The Chinese write using different letters and words.
Can you read this?
The animals in China can be different, too. They have tigers...
and they have Pandas.
Chinese people sometimes live on small boats.
They are called sanpans.
Chinese food is very yummy.
The Chinese eat dumplings.
The Chinese eat noodles...
and more noodles.
The Chinese eat rice...
and more rice.
The Chinese like to celebrate. They have parades.
To decorate, they hang lanterns and...
more lanterns,...
and more lanterns.
Lanterns are everywhere.
I would like to visit China one day.

Questions
What is a question?
Do you know?
If you do, can you tell me?
Who are you?
What do you like to play?
When is it time to eat?
Why do most questions have answers?
Why do some questions have no answers?
May I ask?
Are you happy?
Do you like chocolate?
Why?
Is it OK to guess?
What is your favourite colour?
How do I know a question is being asked?
Do you know?

Hobbit Houses
Hobbits live in houses under the ground.
Hobbit houses have round doors.
Hobbit's houses have round fireplaces.
Hobbit's houses have round windows.
Hobbit houses can look alike.
Hobbit houses can look different.
Hobbit houses can have red doors.
Hobbit houses can have blue doors.
Hobbit houses can be hard to find.
Hobbit houses can be right in front of you!

Tom's Adventurous Day
Tom had an adventurous day.
Tom started the day eating strawberry jam.
Aunt Polly did not want Tom to eat the strawberry jam.
Tom was supposed to go to school.
Aunt Polly wanted Tom to go to school.
Tom went swimming instead.
Aunt Polly did not want Tom to go swimming.
Tom helped chop wood.
Aunt Polly wanted Tom to help chop the wood.
Tom got very dirty.
Aunt Polly did not want Tom to get so dirty.
Aunt Polly made Tom take a bath.
Then Aunt Polly made Tom to go to bed. It was a long, adventurous day.

However You Dance
Many people dance.
Some people like to do ballet dance.
Some people like to do tap dance.
Some people like to do Irish dance.
Some people like to do hip-hop dance.
Some people like to do ballroom dance.
Some people like to line dance.
Some people like to belly dance.
Some people dance to win prizes.
Some people dance just for fun.
However you dance...
Where ever you dance...
Dance with the one that you love.

Pride and Prejudice
Elizabeth Bennett lived in the English countryside a long time ago.
Elizabeth lived on a simple farm with her family.
Elizabeth was very smart. She read a lot. She was quick to speak her mind.
Mr. Darcy was a wealthy gentleman.
Mr. Darcy lived in a mansion. He had many servants.
Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy met at a ball.  A ball is a fancy party where people dance together.
Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy fell in love while dancing.
At first, Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy were too proud to get along.
Then, Elizabeth realized Mr. Darcy was a good and honest man.
Mr. Darcy realized that Elizabeth was a good and honest woman.
Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy got married. They lived happily together.

What is Pride and Prejudice?
Pride can be a good thing.
You might feel proud when you do something very hard.
You might feel proud when you win an award.
Pride can also be a bad thing.
It is bad when pride makes you think you are better than someone else.
Prejudice is when you pre-judge others.
You might decide you don't like someone you don't even know.
Mr. Darcy had too much pride.
Mr. Darcy thought he was better than Elizabeth because her family was poor.
Elizabeth was prejudiced.
Elizabeth decided she did not like Mr. Darcy before she got to know him.
Then Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy got to know each other.
Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy let go of their pride and prejudice.
Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy fell in love. They lived happily ever after.

Wigs
Wigs come in many styles and colors.
Some wigs are supposed to look like real hair.
Wigs that look like real hair are often made from real hair.
Other wigs do not look like real hair.
These wigs are not made from real hair.
Often these wigs are really bright colors.
These wigs can be orange.
These wigs can be yellow.
These wigs can be blue.
These wigs can be pink.
These wigs can be purple.
These wigs can be green.
Some wigs are blue.
What kind of wig would you want?

Things I can hear when I lie on my bed.
I can hear wind.
I can hear birds.
I can hear cars.
I can hear Mum on the phone.
I can hear a bus.
I can hear footsteps.
I can hear aeroplanes.
I can hear voices.

I Like Sunflowers
I like sunflowers.
I like the seeds.
I like the dirt.
I like the new plants.
I like the roots.
I like the bud.
I like the petals.
I like the big leaves.
I like the soft leaves.
I like the wet sunflowers.
I like the old sunflowers.
I like the dead sunflowers.
I like sunflowers.

Dinosaurs Lived Long Ago
Dinosaurs lived long ago.
Dinosaurs lived long ago. Long before people.
Dinosaurs lived long ago. They walked on the land.
Dinosaurs lived long ago. They swam in the sea.
Dinosaurs lived long ago. They flew in the sky.
Dinosaurs lived long ago. Some were really big.
Dinosaurs lived long ago. Some were almost small.
Dinosaurs lived long ago. Some ate leaves and grass.
Dinosaurs lived long ago. Some ate meat.
Dinosaurs lived long ago. Some were very fast.
Dinosaurs lived long ago. Some were very slow.
Dinosaurs lived long ago. I wish they were still here.

The First Man on the Moon
The First Man on the Moon
The moon is a big rock and does not have any people, plants, or animals living on it.
The moon is very far away from Earth and is found in our solar system.
Neil Armstrong is an astronaut.
Neil Armstrong was the first man to 

walk on the moon on July 20, 

1969.
Neil Armstrong placed the American flag on the moon.
Apollo 11 was the name of the 

spaceship that took Neil 

Armstrong to the moon.

What's the Weather?
What are different types of weather that we see?
It snows in the winter.
It is warm and sunny in the summer.
You can play in the rain in any season.
In the fall, leaves blow in the wind.
The weather can be stormy and bring thunder and lightning.
Sometimes a day can be cloudy.

Finding My Cat!
During a storm at the sea, my cat ran away.
I went to the city to find my cat.
I walked far. I even walked in the rain.
I walked to this house in the country to find my cat.
I even put out an apple. My cat loves apples!
If I could not find my cat in the country, the only place left would be here.
Wait a second... I think I've found my cat! My cat was helping another cat!

What are you doing? Verbs.
What are you doing?
Running.
What are you doing?
Sleeping.
What are you doing?
Drinking.
What are you doing?
Reading.
What are you doing?
Eating.
What are you doing?
Crying.
What are you doing?
Laughing.
What are you doing?
Driving.
Swimming.
What are you doing?
Jumping.

Where Are You Going?
Where are you going?
Where are you going? By Jane
Where are you going?
To see my friend.
What is your friend like?
She is good at dancing.
She is very, very cool.
Where are you going? By Elena
Where are you going?
To see my friend.
What is your friend like?
My friend is good at taking care of animals.
I am so glad I met her. She is my age and she is so cool.
She looks like my friend her name is Adrianna Keller.
And she is a really good friend.
Where are you going? By Aaron
While Aaron put his bag on the conveyer belt someone asked “Where are you going?" asked the person.
“To see my friend,” answered Aaron.
“What is your friend like?" asked the person while they walked through the security doors.
“She knows a lot of places in Australia," said Aaron.
The two boys got to the gate just in time to get on the plane.
The plane pulled onto the runway and took off.
Where are you going? By Heather
Where are you going?
To see my friend.
What is your friend like?
He is good at music and loves Phantom of the Opera.
Where are you going? By Kayna
Where are you going?
To see my friend.
What is your friend like?
He is good at drawing and being nice to his friends.
He is also good at writing stories.
Where are you going? By Charlie
Where are you going?
To see my friend.
What is your friend like?
She is good at making BBQ ribs.
She is funny.
She is obsessed with the Green Bay Packers.
Where are you going? By Kaley
Where are you going?
To see my friend.
What is your friend like?
A good singer.
And a good dancer.
She is happy and silly.
S3 is awesome!

The Holocaust
The Holocaust
The Holocaust was a terrible time when many people were killed.  These were people that didn't do anything wrong.
There were about 10 million men, women and children that died in the Holocaust. This photo has one million people in it.
A lot of the people that were killed in the Holocaust were Jewish.  They have their own religion, language, &amp; culture.
This is the symbol some people had to wear during the Holocaust, so that everyone knew they were Jewish.
Other people that were killed had disabilities, or were Romani.
The bosses of the Holocaust thought they should get rid of people that were different.
The people killed in the Holocaust were first sent to concentration camps.  It was really bad there.
There was almost no food, bad houses, and lots of sickness with no medicine.  It was like a terrible jail.
There were lots of concentration camps in Europe.  This is a map of all the places where people were locked up.
Sometimes you would have a tattoo on your body if you were in a concentration camp.
Sometimes families were separated.  Children missed their family and were very sad.
Famous people like Anne Frank were victims of the Holocaust.  Anne wrote all about hiding in her diary.
She was hiding to stay out of a concentration camp.  She was killed for being Jewish when she was a teenager.
The Holocaust was one of the reasons for World War II.  People from all over the world fought really hard for a long time.
There were bombs and soldiers in lots of places in Europe.  There were airplanes and tanks.
During World War II, the concentration camps were liberated.  That means people were set free.
People everywhere now try to remember that the Holocaust was a terrible thing.  There are books, statues and museums about it.
People hope nothing terrible like the Holocaust will ever happen again.

Going to the Park
It is a bright sunny day.
I like to go to a park on a sunny day.
My favorite thing to do is swing and sing.
It is fun to slide on a slide.
It looks like it is about to rain.
When it rains we have to go home.

iDawg
iDawg
iDawg will go swimming in her clothes.
iDawg will play basketball.
iDawg will eat with no hands.
iDawg will watch TV.
iDawg will text on her phone.
iDawg will go on a boat.
The hot boy.

Batman and Joe Chill
Batman heard a sound in another alley. He saw Joe Chill trying to shoot him. He dodged the bullets.
Joe couldn't get his target. He hopped on a motorcycle and drove in the alley.
Batman tossed a batarang at the motorcycle.
Batman walked towards the motorcycle. Joe ran away with the money.
Batman saw Joe's gun. He finally had evidence for the police.
Batman said to himself "You can run, but you can't hide."

My Family is Busy
Pat the cat is sleeping.
Dad is reading.
Matthew is biking.
Matthew is resting.
Nicole is laughing.
Pat the Cat is eating.
Mum is cuddling.

Alley Bank Robbery
Alley bank robbery By Aaron Clark
It was past midnight in Gotham city. Suddenly a truck exploded on the road.
The guards in the truck tried to help each other. The guards saw crooks with guns.
The crooks took stashes of money from the truck. Batman saw the crooks from the top of a building.
The crooks ran down an alley. Batman helped the guards and whooshed down the alley.
Batman saw the crooks and retrieved the stolen money. Police took the crooks to Arkham asylum.

Colorado Plateau - Past and Present
"Colorado Plateau History" 
By Tyrell and Wyatt
Navajo, Hopi, and Pueblo Native Indian tribes lived on the Colorado Plateau.
The Navajo liked to hunt and eat deer. They butchered sheep and ate mutton. They lived in hogans.
The Hopi have many dances. There is one called the Hopi Buffalo Dance.
The Pueblo like to make pottery. They live in adobe houses called pueblos.
In the past and present, the Colorado River runs through the Colorado Plateau.
Cameron, AZ is a city on the Colorado Plateau. The end.

Igneous Rocks
Igneous Rocks
By Dylan and Emmanuel
Igneous Rocks are formed by the crystallization of magma or lava.
This is an Igneous Rock. This rock is called Obsidian.
This is an Igneous Rock. This rock is called Scoria.
This is an Igneous Rock. This rock is called Azurite.
This is an Igneous Rock. This rock is called Vanadinite.

Natural Resources-Wool
Wool
By Harmony, Hailey, and Chase
Wool comes from sheep.
We shear the wool from our sheep.
We use plants to dye the wool.
We use the colored wool for weaving a rug.
A weaver's rug is finished.

The Colorado Plateau
The Colorado Plateau
By Alana Williams and Anthony Cortes
A plateau is a raised area with level top or an area of high ground with a fairly level surface.
The Colorado Plateau has a river running through and a canyon around the water.
This river is called the Colorado River. This river is 1,450 miles long.
Hopi, Navajo, Havasupai, Hualapai, White Mountain Apache, and Kaibab Paiute tribes live on Colorado Plateau.
This fish is called the Cutthrout (Native) Trout that lives in lakes on the Colorado Plateau.

The Rules of Camp Green Lake
The campers at Camp Green Lake had to follow many rules.
1. Don't upset the warden.
2. The shade is the warden’s.
3.  Report anything you find to the warden.
4. Breakfast is at 5:00am.
5. Do not ask for more food or water.
6. Dig one hole every day.
7. Dig your own hole.
8. Holes must be five feet wide and deep.  Your shovel is five feet.
9. Get the shortest shovel.  Your hole will be done faster.
10.  You can stop digging when your hole is finished.
11. Don't bother the rattlesnakes and scorpions and they won't bother you.
12. A rattlesnake bite may not kill you.
13. A scorpion sting may not kill you.
14.  A yellow spotted lizard bite WILL kill you.
Would you survive at Camp Green Lake?

Stanley Gets 18 Months
A pair of old sneakers fell from the sky.
Stanley found the sneakers and kept them.
Stanley was arrested for stealing the sneakers.
“The sneakers just fell out of the sky,” said Stanley.  No one believed him.
“You can go to jail or camp for 18 months,” said the Judge.
Stanley thought carefully.  He had never been to camp.  People pay to go to camp.  So, camp must be fun.
“I choose camp,” said Stanley.  Stanley thought his choice was a good one.
It was not.

Things About Animals
This is a non-fiction book that helps the reader understand goldfish, leopards, and iguanas.
This is a goldfish.
Captions help the reader understand a picture about the parts of the goldfish.
Goldfish live in fresh water. They use gills to breathe under water.
This lizard is an iguana. Iguanas are reptiles.
A Diagram is a picture with labeled parts that helps the reader see important details.
Iguanas have great vision. They can see shapes and colors that are very far away.
The leopard is a mammal. They are the smallest in the wild cat family.
The leopard has short legs, a long body and a large head.
They can also climb trees.

Holes by Louis Sachar
Stanley Yelnats had bad luck.
People thought Stanley stole a famous athlete's sneakers. But he didn't.
Stanley was sent to a work camp in Texas called Camp Green Lake.
The warden at the camp was a cruel woman.
The warden made the boys dig large holes in the dry lake bed.
The warden hoped the boys would find Outlaw Kate Barlow’s treasure.
Stanley escaped with his friend Zero.
Zero got sick while he and Stanley hid.
Stanley saved Zero’s life and the bad luck ended.
Stanley and Zero found the lost treasure.
The boys were found innocent and sent home.

The S Book
This is the letter S.
Soup begins with the letter s.
Sandals begin with the letter s.
Seventeen begins with the letter s.
Sunflower begins with the letter s.
Summer begins with the letter s.
Smile begins with the letter s.
Silly begins with the letter s.
School begins with the letter s.
Sunshine begins with the letter s.
The letter s is awesome.
The End.

In the summer time...
In the summer time...
The sun will shine...
We do not go to school, in the summer!
We can play sports with our friends...in the the summer!
And baseball, too!
We can learn to ride a bike, in the summer!
We can read a book, in the summer!
We can play in the water...in the summer!
We can visit our family and friends, in the summer!
We can play games with our friends...in the summer!
We can eat ice cream, in the summer.
We can eat Popsicles, too.
We can go camping, in the summer, and sleep in a tent!
We can go for a walk, in the summer!
We can do arts and crafts, in the summer!
We can do some gardening, in the summer!
We can look at butterflies, in the summer!
Summer time is fun!

Super Dog
Do you think I'm a normal dog?
Well, I'm not. I love to read.
When I was a baby I could see really well. But no matter how old I am, I'm color blind.
I can fly.
Told you so. I'm a superhero.
My bodyguards.
So, do you think I'm normal?

A Prosperous Pond
It was a pleasant breezy morning in Gwandaloo forest.
Moody, the frog of the pond, was hoping to find some flying breakfast in the horizon.
His gaze stopped on a beautiful lotus flower, which he hadn't noticed before.
On the lotus, a fly was washing herself with the morning dew. She seemed to be muttering something, so Moody approached her.
The fly spoke these words: who could I trust to carry out the Mission, and bring prosperity to the forest?
Hiding from another flower, Moody spoke these words: Speak your mind, for I am the Forest Spirit and you may trust me...
I don't know who you are but my end is nigh. Hear my vision: The king and his family  must be overthrown...
...for they are the cause of all our misfortunes. They have turned evil and they must go!
No sooner had she uttered those words that the lotus changed from pink to a reverential white. The fly was nowhere to be seen..
Having no breakfast to be eaten, Moody put on his best suit and set off on a mission to bring prosperity and food to the pond...

The Ocean
What is in the ocean?
Fish are in the ocean.
Plants are in the ocean.
Fish are in the ocean.
Sharks are in the ocean.
Fish are in the ocean.
People are in the ocean.
Fish are in the ocean.
Turtles are in the ocean.
Fish are in the ocean.

Fernanda's Animal Book
The dog is running in the grass. It is a little dog. A dog is a pet that lives in a house.
The cat on the steps. Cats like to eat, play and run in the grass. Cats are pets.
The mouse eats cheese. He is little. I like mice but Ms. Bee does not.
Monkeys climb on the tree. We see monkeys at the zoo.
The tiger is a big cat. Tigers have stripes. Tigers have fur. We see tigers at the zoo.
The chicken lays eggs. The eggs hatched. Now this chicken has baby chicks. They live on the farm.
There is a little girl on a big horse. She is going to ride her horse. Horses live on the farm.
The cow eats grass. We get milk from cows. Cows live on the farm.

I am a rainbow
I put on my red socks.
I put on my blue jersey.
I put on my purple boots.
I put on my orange pants.
I put on my yellow hat.
I put on my green scarf.
Look at me. I am a rainbow.

My Dog, Keeper
I love my dog, Keeper, she likes to chew on sticks.
I love my dog, Keeper, she likes to chew on a ball.
I love my dog, Keeper, she likes to run in the grass.
I love my dog, Keeper, she likes to sit by the tree (and watch squirrels).
I love my dog, Keeper, she likes to play in the pool.
I love my dog, Keeper, she likes to lie in the pool.
I love my dog, Keeper, she likes to lie by the window.
I love my dog, Keeper, she likes to lie in the chair.
I love my dog, Keeper.

My Pancake Recipe
Words by Mrs. Rush's Class and Pictures by Gabby.
Once upon a time Chef Gusto was looking for a special ingredient for his new super yucky pancake recipe.
The only place he could find a gross enough ingredient was in a dark cave.
Chef Gusto found a dark cave that smelled dirty and yucky.  It was gross and disgusting.
It had slime and dirt and stinky water.  But Chef Gusto was not alone.
Chef Gusto could not believe his eyes.
The Tooth Fairy was there with all of her baby teeth.  This was perfect!
Chef Gusto asked her for a tooth for his new super yucky pancake recipe.
It was gross and it was great!  The End

Parmesan Chicken
Parmesan chicken
Put breadcrumbs in a bowl.
Mix cheese in with breadcrumbs.
Whisk eggs.
Dip chicken in the egg mix.
Put chicken in breadcrumbs and make sure it is all covered.
Put chicken on wire rack. Cook in the oven until golden and crisp.
Eat it all up. MMMMMMM yum.

We like to make Books
Hi - we are Judie and Sally!
We live in Loudoun County.
We like to adapt books in all kinds of ways.
We started a Lending Library for teachers who don't have time to adapt their own books.
We love all kinds of books.

Sandia reads
Sandia reads.
Sandia is 9 years old.
She has a mom and dad,
and two sisters.
Sandia is an AMAZING reader.  She reads books about all sorts of things like...
books about animals,
and she reads books about food, too.
But her favorite book is...
Pancakes, Pancakes!!!
Sandia is as sweet as CANDY!!!!!!
and everyone on earth knows it!

Big Time Rush
BIG TIME RUSH
We are Big Time Rush.
We play rock music.
There are four people in our band.
Our names are Kendall, James, Carlos and Logan.
We are from America.
We like playing concerts.

Refrigerators are cool!
Refrigerators are cool! In fact, people use them to keep their food and drinks cold.
Here is a picture of the inside of a refrigerator. It has shelves and drawers.
This is the back of a refrigerator.
Some cats enjoy sitting on top of refrigerators.
Refrigerators are heavy! It takes a lot of strength to move one.
Most refrigerators use electricity. This one is plugged in.
I wonder why this refrigerator is out in the middle of nowhere.
Some families like to put magnets or pictures on the door of the refrigerator for decoration.
This is a picture of an old refrigerator.
Refrigerators are cool!

Dogs are Man's Best Friend
Dogs are man's best friend.  What does that mean?
Dogs come in many shapes, sizes and colors.  Each one is different.
Many dogs are more than pets.  They have jobs.  What job do these dogs have?
Dogs are usually born in litters, meaning more than one puppy at a time.
Dogs can be trained to do tricks, and often work showing off their tricks.
This dog has learned to ride a tricycle.
Dogs are loving animals.  They have feelings and emotions just like people.
How do you think this dog is feeling?  Why?
Dogs have a very strong sense of smell.  Their sense of smell is stronger than their sense of sight.
Dogs come in full breeds or mixed breeds.  This is a baby Yorkshire Terrier.
This is a Westie Terrier.
These are Bassett Hounds.
Dog owners must make sure they provide lots of love and care when they get a dog.  You cannot give up on your dog.
What do dogs need to be happy?
What do people have to do when they have a dog?
The End.

Star Wars Battle on Bluetoe
Star Wars: Battle on Bluetoe
Once upon a time, in a galaxy far away there was a planet called Naboo.
C-3P0, R2-D2, Anakin, Obi-Wan and Rex were on a starship flying towards Bluetoe.
The battle droids boarded the starship. All the Jedis began fighting the battle droids.
The starship raced toward planet Bluetoe. The Jedis hoped to save their friends on the surface.
The battle droids began to teleport to the planet surface. The Jedis followed them with their lightsabers.
Anakin, Obi-Wan and Rex snuck up on the battle droids. They defeated the battle droids and set their friends free.
The Jedi Knights and their friends had a celebration.

Connie the snail
Connie the Snail
One day Connie the Snail was trailing along a plant.
The next day Connie met Tokey the snail.
Connie and Tokey found a leaf on a flower. it was green and rubbery.
Connie and Tokey decided to bounce on the leaf. They went higher and higher.
Suddenly Tokey flew off and landed on his shell. Connie was very upset.
Tokey got up. He and Connie laughed and went home for tea.

Star Wars Who am I?
Star Wars - Who am I?
I am not a Jedi.
I am a good guy.
I am not a robot.
I am in all 5 movies.
I am a storm trooper. My name is Rex.

Horses and Ponies
Horses have long, powerful legs that make running easy.
Horses have just one toe on each foot protected by a hoof.
Ponies are smaller than horses.
Ponies sleep standing up so they can run away from danger quickly.
A newborn foal can stand up almost as soon as it is born.
Some horses work, like police horses.
People ride horses for fun and for sport.
A saddle keeps you safe and comfortable when you ride a horse.
Horses need lots of exercise and grooming to stay fit and healthy.

Rain
What happens when storm clouds form in the sky?
Rain begins to fall.
Thunder and lightning can be scary.
Because of this, everyone wants to stay inside.
But rain can be fun, too!
You can jump in puddles and get your feet wet.
You can also dance in the rain!
You can even share a rainy day with a friend.
Rainbows can make rainy days pretty, too.
Next time it rains, go have fun!

If You Give a Cow a Carrot
If You Give a Cow a Carrot
If you give a cow a carrot,
he'll want some ranch dip to go with it.
You'll give him some ranch dip.
He'll probably be thirsty, so he'll ask you for a bowl of water.
You'll give him a bowl of water, and he will drink it.
Drinking it will make him full and sleepy,
he'll need to take a nap.
When he wakes up he'll want to say, "Moo."
After he moos he'll want to spend time with you.
You'll take him to the field and play some soccer and football.
And chances are, the cow will be hungry so...
he will ask you for more carrots.

It Is Important To Brush My Teeth
It is important to brush my teeth.
Brushing my teeth helps me have fewer cavities in my mouth.
Cavities come from dirty teeth. When I have a cavity the dentist drills in my mouth and gives me a filling.
Brushing my teeth keeps them clean and healthy and then I don't get cavities.
How do I brush my teeth and help to keep them clean and healthy?
First I need to put toothpaste on my toothbrush.
Then I get ready to brush.
I can brush the teeth on the bottom of my mouth. I brush the front and back of my teeth and the top of my teeth.
I can brush the teeth on the top of my mouth. I brush the front and back of my teeth and the bottom of my teeth.
I can put my teeth together and brush them in the front and in the back of my mouth.
I can even brush my tounge so I don't have stinky breath!
I DO NOT brush my teeth hard. I am not mad at my teeth.
I DO brush my teeth gently because I want my teeth to be healthy.
When I am done brushing I rinse my mouth and spit out the water.
When I am finished rinsing I wipe my face. I wipe GENTLY, my face needs a light touch.
Brushing my teeth keeps them clean and healthy and then I don't get cavities.

How to prepare pizza
Go to the supermarket and buy the necessary ingredients for your pizza:
Olive oil,
corn meal,
flour,
tomato sauce,
mozzarella and parmesan cheese,
oregano,
sliced ham (optional),
tuna (optional),
pepperoni (optional),
sliced mushrooms (optional),
still water,
and salt.
Once you have all the ingredients ready, you need to prepare the dough.
You can buy one at the supermarket or...
You can prepare a homemade one!
First step: Put hot water in a pan and add yeast. Stir and let sit for 5 to 10 minutes. Then, add salt and oil.
Second step: Add flour and wait until the mixture is thick enough.
Third step: Let rise up for 1 hour at room temperature and 5 hours in the refrigerator.
Fourth step:Cut the dough into two round balls and make the desired shape with your hands.
To sum up, these images show how to prepare pizza dough.
After that, spread the tomato sauce on the dough and put the cheese on the top.
Add the ingredients that you have chosen for your pizza: ham, mushrooms, tuna or pepperoni.
Introduce the pizza into the oven at 175º to 250º approximately
Remember! These are all the steps to cook pizza.
This will be the final result: yummy!

Mudge
Mudge is Henry's dog.
Mudge is a happy dog. Mudge likes many things.
Mudge likes to run in the woods.
Mudge likes to swim in the water.
Mudge likes to play in the snow.
Mudge likes to fetch sticks.
Mudge likes to fetch balls.
Mudge likes to fetch anything.
Mudge likes his bed.
Most of all, Mudge likes Henry's bed.

Ozmars Big Game
One morning, Ozmar woke up ready  for his big soccer game against Barcelona.
Once he woke up he took a shower and brushed his teeth.
Once he was done brushing his teeth he got his soccer uniform and was ready to play his soccer game against Barcelona.
Ozmar got to the game and put his soccer cleats on and got ready with friends.
When Ozmar and his team mates were practicing to play the soccer game Ozmar's team saw the other team practicing.
The game started and Ozmar's team had the ball. One of his team mates took the ball to the goal and kicked it into the goal.
Now Barcelona had the ball. Messi took the ball to the goal and kicked it. But the ball did not go into the goal.
As the game continued Barcelona had 3 points and Ozmar's team had 3 points. The game went into overtime.
Barcelona had the ball and kicked the ball to Ozmar's teams' goal......
But was blocked by Ozmar and when Ozmar had the ball he gave it to one of his team mates. He took the ball to the goal.
Ozmar's team mate kicked the ball and made it into Barcelona's goal. And right there Ozmar's team won!
Ozmar, the Most Valued Player of his team!

Robert E Peary
The Robert E Peary Story
Robert Edwin Peary was born in Cresson, Pennsylvania on May 6, 1856.
Robert E Peary was an American explorer who claimed to have led the first expedition to the North Pole.
He reached the North Pole on April 6, 1909 aboard a ship called Roosevelt.
When he and his crew got off the ship, they traveled by dogsled.
He became very famous for traveling to the North Pole.
After he traveled to the North Pole, an article in the newspaper was written about him and his crew.
He was honored by having six naval ships named after him.  This is the USS Peary.
The United States Postal Service even created a stamp in his honor.
And of course, our school was named after him too!
Robert E Peary was a brave explorer.  Do you want to be an explorer too?

The Spirit Wolf
Deep in the woods there was a white wolf.
People called it the Spirit Wolf.
The Spirit Wolf lived in a secret world hidden from humans.
The Spirit Wolf appeared when people were in danger.
The Spirit Wolf had special powers.
Spirit Wolf used the special powers to help people in danger.
Some people did not believe the Spirit Wolf was real.
Todd did not believe in Spirit Wolf. Then, Todd's car was buried in an avalanche.
Spirit Wolf came to help Todd.
Spirit Wolf called other wolves to help dig Todd out of the snow.
That day the Spirit Wolf saved Todd.
That day Todd learned to believe in the Spirit Wolf.

SOUTH PARK
SOUTH PARK
Cartman is very rude to his mum and friends. He is lazy.
Kenny is very nice because he is a nice person.
Kyle is a Jew. Kyle doesn't like Cartman calling him a fat Jew.
Stan likes Wendy and he is also best friends with Kyle.
Jimmy is disabled.
Timmy is also disabled.
Wendy is the school president.

Henry and Mudge: Lost in the Woods
Henry and Mudge: Lost in the Woods
Henry had a dog named Mudge.
One day Mudge went for a walk alone.
Mudge walked in the woods.
Mudge walked by a stream.
Mudge got lost. He was scared.
Henry was scared for Mudge. Henry went to find Mudge.
Henry looked in the woods.
Henry looked by the stream.
Finally, Mudge came running.
Henry and Mudge were together again.
Henry and Mudge were happy.

Henry and Mudge: Friends Forever
Henry and Mudge: Friends Forever
Henry was a boy.
Henry was sad. He wanted a dog.
Mom and dad wanted to make Henry happy.
They got Henry a dog. Henry named the dog Mudge.
Henry was excited to have a little dog.
Mudge grew and grew into a big dog.
Henry loved Mudge.
Mudge loved Henry.
Mudge was happy being Henry's dog.

Dogs
I like these dogs.
I like this dog's tongue sticking out.
I like this dog's eyes.
I like these dogs' sunglasses.
I like this dog's smile.
I like this dog's ball.
I like this dog's ball.
I like these dogs' spots.
I like this dog's long body.
I like this dog's eye patch.
I like this dog's lips.
I like all of these dogs.

Hector's Story
Hector's Story
By Hector
I ride the bus to school in the morning.
I am Hector. I like school.
My school is big!
Sometimes I take the elevator.
I sit at the round table.
I write my name.
I have a plant in my classroom.
I like to use the computer.
M is my favorite letter. M is for Mama!
My favorite class is drama with Mr. Murphy! He is the best teacher.
I like to play in the gym.
I eat lunch in the cafeteria.
After lunch, I go to the playground.
H is for Horses and Hector. Horses are my favorite animal.
At the end of the day, I go home to see Mama and Papa.
I love my school, but I love my home even more.
The End.

Macho and His Sister
Macho was my dog. He was a good dog.
I knew Macho since he was a puppy. He was wrapped up in a blanket.
He used to go outside and get me from the bus.
He used to walk me to school, when I missed the bus.
One day Macho had to go to the hospital.
Now I have Macho’s sister.
Her name is Tina!
She has the same beginning letter in her name as me.
Sometimes she is calm.
Sometimes she is crazy!
She licks me when I go to the house.
She plays with me.
She loves my sister too.
I love my new dog Tina but I miss Macho very much.
The end! Dedicated to Macho.

I Like Video Games
I like to play video games.
I like Xbox games.
I like to play on the Wii.
I wish I had every game system.
Video games need lots of controllers.
I like to play games in the mall.
I like video games about football.
I like video games about hockey.
I could play all day and night.
I like to play with my friends.
I am happy when I play.
Video games make me jump for joy!

Aussie Rules - Australian Football
Aussie Rules - Australian Football - is a fast, exciting game.
Aussie rules is so popular that even cows play footy.
Aussie Rules is played on an oval with an oval ball.
There are 4 goal posts. The ball must go between the middle posts for a goal. Between the outer posts is a behind.
A goal is worth 6 points.
A behind is worth only 1.
In soccer you mustn't touch the ball with your hands.  In Aussie Rules you can use your hands to catch and pass the ball.
In American football, the players wear pads and helmets.  In Aussie Rules they don't wear any protection.
The top 18 teams are in the AFL, the Australian Football League.
Each team has 18 players.
They're all trying to get the ball.
He's got a mark.  He'll get a free kick for catching the ball.
Sometimes the ball ends up underneath the players.
Each year finishes with the grand final - 100,000 spectators at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
He's kicking a goal.
Hawthorn won the premiership!  Go Hawks!

The Life of a Panda By Ben
The Life of a Panda By Ben
Pandas are cute and interesting animals.
Pandas are cute when born!
They are very small at birth and weigh 300 pounds when grown up!
If two baby pandas are born only one will live.
Pandas walk slowly, swim, and climb trees. They sleep in trees.
Pandas are big, furry, cute bears!
Bring them back from extinction.
This is the red panda.
The End
The Life of a Panda By Ben
Pandas are cute and interesting animals.
Pandas are cute when born!
They are very small at birth and weigh 300 pounds when grown up!
Two baby pandas are born and only one lives.
Pandas walk slowly, swim, and climb trees. They sleep in trees.
Pandas are big, furry, cute bears!
Bring them back from extinction.
This is the red panda.
The End

Turtles are cool!
I think turtles are really cool!
Land turtles live most of their lives on land. This one lives in someone's home.
This land turtle eats grass.
Baby turtles hatch from eggs.
This is a baby land turtle. Land turtles have feet with claws, they do not have flippers.
Is this a land turtle or a sea turtle?
This is a sea turtle. Sea turtles have flippers. Can you count how many flippers this turtle has?
All turtles have very pretty shells.
This sea turtle lives in an aquarium. People come to the aquarium to learn about the turtles and other aquatic animals.
The sea turtle lives its entire life in the ocean and only comes on land to lay eggs.
Sea turtles do not have gills like fish. They have to come to the surface to breath.
The end.

Treasure
Treasure is valuable.
Gold can be treasure.
Jewels can be treasure.
Diamonds can be treasure.
A king's crown can be treasure.
Coins can be treasure.
Some people think treasure is buried on the land.
Most treasure is buried at the bottom of the sea.
The treasure is buried in ships that sunk.
Some people think treasure is buried in fancy treasure chests.
Usually treasure is in a plain old box.
Fancy treasure chests would be too easy for the pirates to find.
Pirates like to steal treasure.
To keep treasure safe, use a plain old box.
To keep treasure safe, use a good ship that won't sink.
To keep treasure safe, stay away from pirates!

Using Trees
Trees are used to make many things.
First, someone has to cut down the trees.
Then the cut trees are put on a big truck. The truck takes the logs to a mill.
At the mill, a crane takes the logs off the truck.
Sometimes, workers unload the logs.
Logs that are the right size are left whole.
The whole logs are used to make things like log houses.
Most of the logs are measured.
Then the logs are cut into boards by a huge saw.
The boards or lumber are used to make tons of things.
The lumber that comes from trees is used to make tables and floors.
The lumber that comes from trees is used to make chairs and decks.
The lumber that comes from trees is used to make docks.
The lumber that comes from trees is used to make boats.
The lumber that comes from trees is used to make bridges.
The lumber that comes from trees is used to make barns.
The lumber that comes from trees is used to make roller coasters.
The lumber that comes from trees is used to make sleds.
Many things made from trees are not made from lumber.
Small pieces of wood can be used to make spoons.
Small pieces of wood can be used to make clothes pins.
Tiny pieces of wood can be used to make toothpicks.
Trees are pretty amazing. We use them to make so many things.

Native American Tools
Native Americans made the tools they needed to survive.
Native Americans made arrowheads from stone.
The arrowheads were attached to sticks to make arrows and spears.
Native Americans made bows to use with the arrows. The bows and arrows were important tools.
Native Americans made canoes. The canoes helped them travel on the water.
Native Americans made tomahawks.  The tomahawk was used like an ax.
Native Americans made baskets to help gather food such as berries, corn, or rice.
Today, archaeologists search for the tools the Native Americans made and used.
Today, Native Americans celebrate the traditions of the past, but they use modern tools.

Tom's Adventurous Day
Tom had an adventurous day.
Tom started the day eating strawberry jam.
Aunt Polly did not want Tom to eat the strawberry jam.
Then Tom was supposed to go to school.
Aunt Polly wanted Tom to go to school.
Tom went swimming instead of going to school.
Aunt Polly did not want Tom to go swimming.
Tom helped chop wood.
Aunt Polly wanted Tom to help chop the wood.
Tom went out after dinner.  Tom came home very dirty.
Aunt Polly did not want Tom to get so dirty.
Aunt Polly made Tom take a bath.
Then Aunt Polly told Tom to go to bed. It was a long, adventurous day.

The Hero Tom Sawyer
Tom Sawyer lived in St. Petersburg.
Tom was a hero for telling the judge the truth.
Tom saw bad things happen at the grave yard.
At first, Tom ran away to Jackson's Island. Tom swore never to tell what he saw at the graveyard.
Huck saw the bad things in the graveyard too!  Huck raw away with Tom.
On Jackson's Island, Tom and Huck pretended to be pirates.
Tom and Huck found a treasure chest full of gold.
Tom could not stop thinking about the bad things he saw in the graveyard.
Tom knew the wrong man was in trouble.
Tom told the judge the truth about the bad things he saw at the graveyard.
Tom did the right thing.  The whole town of St. Petersburg celebrated!
Tom was a hero.

The Fence
Old and needing attention.
Paint chipping and fading.
Pickets missing and broken.
One long day of work, work, work.
The fence shines like new.

Will and Jack
This is Will and his little brother Jack.
Will is a happy boy.
Will does silly things with Jack.
Will makes funny faces to make people laugh.
This is Will and Jack's mom.  She loves her silly boys.
Will's birthday is coming soon.
Will is excited about his birthday.
Mom wants to get Will a special present. Mom wants to make Will happy.
Will wondered what presents he would get.
On Will's birthday, Mom said, "I have a surprise for you." Mom showed Will a big box wrapped with a bow.
Will peeked inside the box.  Will was so surprised!
There was a puppy!
Will loved his new puppy.
Will was very happy. Mom got the perfect present.

Tom's Fence
Tom Sawyer lived with his Aunt Polly.
Aunt Polly had lots of rules.  Aunt Polly wanted Tom to be a good boy.
One day Tom got in a fight. Tom got his clothes all muddy.
Aunt Polly was mad that Tom broke the rules. She was mad that Tom was in a fight and got his clothes muddy.
Aunt Polly made Tom paint the fence as punishment.
Tom did not like to work. Tom did not want to paint the fence.
Tom made a plan to get someone else to paint the fence.
Tom's friend Ben came by.  Tom told Ben that painting a fence is lots of fun.
Ben gave Tom an apple. Ben thought the apple would make Tom let him paint.
Other friends came by. Tom made them think painting was fun too.
Tom's friends really wanted to paint. All of Tom's friends painted, and Tom watched.
By the end of the day, the fence had three coats of paint.
Tom made Aunt Polly happy, and Tom did not do any work!

Tom's Favorite Places
St. Petersburg is a shabby village.
Jackson's Island is down river from St. Petersburg.
Many people live in St. Petersburg.
Only animals live on Jackson's Island.
St. Petersburg has a school, adults, and laws.
Jackson's Island has caves and gold and adventure.
In St. Petersburg, Tom Sawyer is like any boy.
On Jackson's Island, Tom is like a pirate.
Tom loves Jackson's Island.
Tom loves St. Petersburg too.

Tom Sawyer's Adventures
Tom Sawyer lived in St. Petersburg.
Tom's best friend was named Huck Finn. Tom and Huck had many adventures.
Tom and Huck saw bad things happen at the grave yard.
Tom and Huck ran away to Jackson's Island. Tom and Huck swore never to tell what they saw at the graveyard.
On Jackson's Island, Tom and Huck pretended to be pirates.
Tom and Huck found a treasure chest full of gold.
Becky was Tom's girlfriend.
Tom and Becky had adventures too!
Tom and Becky went to Jackson's Island.
Tom and Becky went exploring in a cave.
First Tom and Becky got lost.  Then Tom found the way out of the cave.
Tom thought a lot about the bad thing he saw in the graveyard.
Tom knew the wrong man was in trouble.
Tom told the judge the truth about the bad things he saw at the graveyard.
Tom did the right thing.  The whole town of St. Petersburg celebrated!

From Boys to Pirates
Tom, Huck, and Joe were tired of the shabby village of St. Petersburg.
They were tired of all the rules at home and school.
They hated to keep their clothes clean.
The boys wanted to make their own rules.
Tom, Huck, and Joe rafted down the river to Jackson's Island.
The island was wild and lawless.
They ate stolen bacon over an open fire.
They swam naked in the river.
They weren't boys, they were pirates!

Pet Dogs
Dogs make good pets.
Pet dogs need lots of things.
Dogs need food.
Dogs need water.
Dogs need exercise.
Dogs need to play.
Dogs need baths.
Dogs need a place to sleep.
Mostly, dogs need love.

Some Fairy Tales
Fairy tales are special stories.
Fairy tales are make believe.
Fairy tales start, "Once Upon a Time..."
Some fairy tales have castles.
Some fairy tales have animals as characters.
Some fairy tales have a princess.
and a prince,
and a knight in shining armor.
Most fairy tales end with "Happily ever after..."

Food, glorious food!
Food, glorious food!
I like pavlova.  Do you?
Yes, I like pavlova.  Yum!
I like icecream?  Do you?
Yes, I like icecream.  Yum!
I like maccaroons.  Do you?
Yes, I like maccaroons.  Yum!
I like cheesecake.  Do you?
Yes, I like cheesecake.  Yum!
I like trifle.  Do you?
Yes, I like trifle.  Yum!
I like nut clusters.  Do you?
Yes,I like nut clusters.  Yum!
I like cake.  Do you?
Yes, I like cake.  Yum!
I like chocolate mousse.  Do you?
Yes, I like chocolate mousse.  Yum!
I like raspberry cake.  Do you?
Yes, I like raspberry cake.  Yum!
I like cupcakes. Do you?
Yes, I like cupcakes, but I'm full!

Moms
Mom's clean their child.
Mom's keep her babies warm.
Mom's feed their children.
Mom's play with their children.
Mom's show their children things.
Mom's hug their child.
Mom's keep their children safe.
Mom's make us happy, when we are sad.
Mom's teach their children to do dangerous things.
Some men take care of the kids, when there is no mom around.
Mom's give us delicious desserts!
Mom makes us orange soup with a spoon with a cross on a plate.
Mom's take us to church, to learn about God.
Mom's keep our homes safe.
Mom's drive their children to school.
Mom's drive around a lot of crazy loud sometimes obnoxious people!
Mom's give us apples to keep us healthy, so we don't have to go to the doctors.
Mom's take us to the park so we can spend time with each other.
Mom's take care of their child when they are sick.
Mom's take us to the beach.
Mom's kiss their babies because they love them a whole lot.
Mom's let us be funny.
Mom's plant flowers to make things pretty.
Mom's help us learn to play tennis.
Mom's let us play baseball!
Mom's help us learn to ride a bike.
Mom's help their children with homework.
Mom's special, funny, hilarious, loving, kind, caring, helpful, goofy, laughing, awkward. She always loves us!

Can You Hear This?
Hi I'm Rashawn and these are my friends.
I go to middle school. Kids walk by in the hall way. It's very noisy.
Here is my hearing aid. It helps me hear.
I picked out the colors of my hearing aids. They are my favorite colors-green and black.
I rub the microphone with my finger. You can tell it's working if you rub it and it makes noise.
If it doesn't make noise, then check the batteries. This one is not making noise.
My teacher gets the bag.
We find the batteries.
My teacher puts the battery in.
I rub the microphone with my finger. Yes! Now it's working.
Now we are playing tag. I can hear everybody.
The End.

T-Rex is Everywhere!
T-rex is jumping out to say hello!
T-rex is a fun toy!
T- rex is scary looking!
T-rex is even a special treat!
T-rex is part of a ride in an amusement park!
T-rex is on display in a museum!
T-rex is greeting his fans!
T-rex is trick or treating?
T-rex is chasing after you!
T-rex is happy that you like him!

Bikes R Us
Bikes R Us!
Some bikes are ladders.
Some riders don't wear clothes
Some riders go fast.
Some riders jump high!
This girl was in a circus.
He's riding up the wall.
He's got a cool bike.
He's riding a funny old bike called a penny farthing.
There are lots of bike races.
They are riding a bicycle built for 2.
Lizards can ride bikes.
Flying off into the sunset!

Herons Can
A heron can stand.
A heron can fly.
A heron can take off.
A heron can land.
A heron can watch.
A heron can shake.
A heron can eat.
A heron can make friends.
But a heron can't row a boat!

The Outstanding Ostrich
The Outstanding Ostrich!
This is an ostrich.
It is the world's largest bird.
Ostriches roam the African savanna and desert lands.
Ostriches cannot fly.
But, they can run up to 43 miles an hour!
Ostriches live in small heards.
Ostriches lay giant eggs.
Ostriches eat plants,
roots,
insects,
and even lizards!
What an amazing animal!

Dogs
This dog is barking.
This dog lives where it snows a lot.
This dog is waiting for his owner.
This dog is a puppy.
This dog likes to play outside.
These dogs are swimming.
This dog likes you!
Dogs are very nice.

Labs, Labs LABS!!
Labrador Retrievers (called Labs) come in many different colors, shapes and sizes.
There are three different types of labs. The chocolate lab, the white or yellow lab, and the black lab.
There are also mixes of labs. The most popular type of lab mix is the labradoodle.
Baby labs are called puppies!
Labs and all dogs will eat anything! They love to chew.
They love playing in water. But what they love most is retrieving things in the water!
Labs are excellent companions if you are a walker!
Labs love to sleep after a long run, walk or swim.
Labs are the top dog in America and are recommended for families with young children.

Different kinds of dogs
This kind of dog is a Boxer. They start out small but get really big.
These kinds of dogs are cocker spaniels. They are really cute.
A golden retriever can be small or big, but they are always cute.
There are a lot of different kind of hound dogs, but this kind is a basset hound.
Yorkies are so cute and sweet, and they usually stay small.
A west highland terrier or westie is a good dog.
This is a maltese. It's usually brown or white.

Veterinarians
Veterinarians are doctors who care for animals.
People call veterinarians "vets" for short.
Vets help animals who are sick or hurt.
Vets sometimes give animals shots.
Vets put casts on broken bones.
Vets weigh animals on scales.
Vets use stethoscopes to listen to an animal's heart.
Vets give medicine to animals.
Vets perform surgery on animals.
Some vets have their own office.
Some vets work on farms.
Some vets work in aquariums.
Some vets work in zoos.
Vets need to know about many types of animals.
All vets went to college.
After college, people go to veterinary school to become vets.
Pets need vets just like people need doctors.

Lab Puppies
Lab Puppies by Cora
I love all kinds of labs.
I like yellow labs.
I like black labs.
I especially love chocolate labs!
But they can cause lots of trouble!
I even love cute ones,
wet ones,
shy ones,
and especially playful ones!
The End

How to Make Friends
Friends are fun.
I have lots of friends.
We treat each other right.
We also treat each other with humanity, love, and respect.
If one of my friends needs food, I give it to them.
And if they need a drink I will give it to them.
And if they need clothes, I give them clothes.
We do all these things for each other because we are friends.

I like to Play Outside
I like to play outside.
I like jumping.
I like swinging.
I like running.
I like swimming.
I really like to play outside.

I take a bath to get clean and stay healthy
I take a bath to get clean and stay healthy!
I need to take off my clothes.
I get in the bathtub.
I get soap and cloth.
I wash arms and armpits.
I wash my legs and feet.
I wash my chest and stomach.
I wash my private areas.
I wash my face and neck.
I rinse my body.
I pour water on my hair.
I put shampoo on my hand.
I wash my hair.
I rinse the soap off my body and hair.
I dry off with a clean towel.
I put on clean Angry Birds pajamas.

Trains We Know
These are fast trains.
This is a piston.
This train is smokey.
This train is long.
This train is orange.
This train is fast and long.
These are buffers.
This train is like a rainbow.
This train is rusty and broken.
This train needs to go to the repair yard.

Is the Train Fast?
The silver train is fast.
The red train is fast.
The blue train is slow.
The yellow train is fast.
The red train is slow.
The blue train is fast.
The black train is slow.
The green train is slow.
The red train stops!

I Spy
I spy with my little eye a dog.
I spy with my little eye a cat.
I spy with my little eye a mouse.
I spy with my little eye a rabbit.
I spy with my little eye a horse.
I spy with my little eye a squirrel.
I spy with my little eye a lamb.
I spy with my little eye a brown cow.
I spy with my little eye a parrot.
I spy with my little eye a pig.
I spy with my little eye a goat.
I spy with my little eye a tortoise.
I spy with my little eye a snake.
I spy with my little eye a lion.
I spy with my little eye a baby monkey.
I spy with my little eye a crab.
I spy with my little eye an elephant.
I spy with my little eye a camel.
I spy with my little eye a dragon.
I spy with my little eye two tigers.
What do you spy?

Spring Is All Around
Spring is here!
The bird is in the tree.
The clouds are over the tree.
The bee is on top of the flower.
The rainbow is in front of the clouds.
The cow is in the grass.
The guy is under the water.
The ladybug is next to the ladybug.
The door is between the flowers.
Spring is all around!

Pets
Pets!
Cats can be pets.
Fish can be pets.
Dogs can be pets.
Birds can be pets.
Hamsters can be pets.
Snakes can be pets.
Rabbits can be pets.
Guinea Pigs can be pets.
Tigers can not be pets!

Dogs
Dogs
Little dogs.
Big dogs.
Cool dogs.
Fast dogs.
Driving dogs.
Sleepy dogs.
Pink dogs.
Hairy dogs.
Dogs are cute!!!

The Guest
Owl sat at home by the fire.
He had pea soup and toast to eat.
He heard a loud noise at the door.
It was the winter snow and wind.
Owl opened his door wide to let winter in.
Winter blew out the fire.  Winter froze Owl's pea soup.
Winter was not a nice guest.
Owl shut his door to keep winter out!

Strange Bumps
Owl wanted to go to sleep.
He blew out the candle.
He got under the covers.
There were two bumps like this one under the covers.
Owl moved his right foot.  One bump moved.
Owl moved his left foot.  One bump moved.
Owl jumped up and down on his bed.  He was scared of the bumps.
He decided to let the bumps have the bed.  He sat by the fire instead.

The Dream
Toad went to sleep and had a dream.
He was on a stage.
A voice said, "Toad will now play the piano very well!"
The voice said, "Toad will now walk on a high wire, and he will not fall down!"
But Frog was in the audience.
Frog kept getting smaller and smaller.
Toad was afraid Frog would vanish!
Toad decided Frog's friendship was better than the stage.

Contributions of Cesar Chavez
Cesar Chavez was a Mexican American labor leader and civil rights worker.
He worked to improve the conditions for farm workers in America.
He was born near Yuma, Arizona on March 31, 1927.
His family owned their own farm until they lost it in the Great Depression.
When Cesar was 11, the family moved to California and became migrant farm workers.
Everyone worked long, hard hours every day, including Cesar.
Most workers were treated very badly and given no clean water or bathrooms.
Migrant farm workers were very poor.
When he grew up, Cesar began to help the migrant farm workers in California.
He used peaceful ways like speeches, marches, boycotts, and strikes.
In a boycott, people refuse to buy things from a company that doesn't treat its workers fairly.
In a strike, workers refuse to work until they are treated fairly or paid higher wages.
Cesar helped people learn to work together to get the respect they deserved.
He formed the National Farm Workers Association with another labor leader.
This union later became United Farm Workers. It helped many people.
One strike by grape pickers lasted for 5 years, and the workers won. They got higher pay.
For 30 years, Cesar Chavez worked to get better pay and working conditions for America's poorest workers.
He helped workers in California, Texas, Arizona, and Florida.
As he got older, he began to work against the use of pesticides on farms.
Pesticides are chemicals that are used to kill pests that can harm plants.
He told people that pesticides could harm farm workers and their children.
One way he got attention for his causes was to go on hunger strikes.
During a hunger strike, a person does not eat any food.
During one hunger strike, Cesar did not eat for 36 days!
Chavez died on April 23, 1993.
After he died, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
In 2000, California established a state holiday to be held on his birthday.
Thanks to Cesar Chavez, conditions for farm workers in America are better.
Thank you, Cesar Chavez!

Aunt Polly
This is Tom's Aunt Polly.
Aunt Polly makes Tom wash.
Tom hates to wash.
Aunt Polly makes Tom comb his hair.
Tom hates to comb his hair.
Aunt Polly makes Tom eat at the table.
Tom hates to eat at the table.
Aunt Polly makes Tom go to sleep.
Tom hates going to sleep.
Tom hates lots of things. Aunt Polly makes Tom do them anyway.

Bees
This is my book about bees.
Bees live in big colonies.
Bees live in hives.
There is only one queen bee.
Bees need flowers.
Flowers need bees.
Bees take the pollen from the flower.
Then, they take the pollen back to the hive.
Bees use the pollen to make honey.
Everyone needs bees.

Oh No! Run and Hide
My father went to an island.
He wanted to rescue a dragon.
My father walked.
My father walked and walked.
First he saw a boar.
Oh no! Run and hide.
Then he saw a monkey.
Oh no! Run and hide.
Then he saw a tiger.
Oh no! Run and hide.
Then he saw a rhinoceros.
Oh no! Run and hide.
Then he saw a lion.
Oh no! Run and hide.
Then he saw a gorilla.
Oh no! Run and hide.
My father found the dragon.
He set the dragon free.

My Father's Dragon
My father got to save a dragon when he was a boy.
A cat told him about the dragon.
The dragon was trapped on Wild Island.
My father hid on a big ship. The ship took him to Wild Island.
My father ate tangerines on the ship.
My father saw many animals. My father saw tortoises.
My father saw tigers.
My father saw crocodiles!
My father gave lollipops to the crocodiles.
The crocodiles liked the lollipops.
The crocodiles ate the lollipops. My father rescued the dragon!

Spring Break Fun!!
We all had fun on Spring Break this year.
On spring break I went on a trip.
On spring break I went to see the Metra station.
On spring break I went to Chicago.
On spring break I saw a movie.
On spring break I watched a tv show.
On spring break I saw a movie.
On spring break I rode a train.
On spring break I looked for eggs.
On spring break I played Angry Birds.
We had a lot of fun on spring break!

Wombats
Wombats
Wombats live in Australia.
Wombats come out at night.
Wombats live in burrows.
Wombats like to dig.
Wombats eat leaves and shoots.
Wombats have dark brown fur.
Wombats sleep a lot.
I think wombats are awesome!

Pets
Pets
It is important to care for your pets.
Pets need food.
Pets need water.
Pets need exercise.
Pets need to play.
Pets need baths.
Pets need to sleep.
But most of all, pets need love.

Dress Ups
Dress Ups
I like to dress up and play pretend.
I can be a pirate.
I can be a clown.
I can be a princess.
I can be a fireman.
I can be a cat.
I can be a fairy.
I can be a policeman.
I can be a ladybird.
I can be a doctor.
Dress ups are fun.

Carrots
Carrots
Carrots grow from seeds.
Carrots grow in the ground.
Carrots need sun to grow.
Carrots need water to grow.
Look! The carrots are growing.
Dig them up when they are ready.
Yum!

Papa's Roll of Thunder
This is David Logan.
David Logan owns a farm.
David's neighbors are sharecroppers. Sharecroppers work on land that other people own.
David Logan is proud of his farm.
David grows many crops. Growing crops is hard work.
David worries about his children. David worries most about his oldest son, Stacey.
T.J. is Stacey's best friend, and T.J. is in big trouble.
T.J. is going to be hanged. David has to stop the hanging.
David has an idea. David starts a fire on his farm. Then he runs to stop the hanging.
The men at the hanging see the fire. They run to put the fire out. The whole town can see the fire.
David's farm was ruined, but T.J. was alive.
David Logan's plan worked!

June and the Joy Luck Club
Suyuan Woo was the founding member of the Joy Luck Club. Suyuan died.
Suyuan had one wish. Suyuan wished to find her twin daughters.
Suyuan lost her daughters in China. They were just babies.
Suyuan had another daughter named June.
June took Suyuan's place at the Joy Luck Club meetings.
At the first meeting, June learned that her sisters were found in China.
The members of the Joy Luck Club gave June money.
The Joy Luck Club gave June money to go to China. June needed to see her sisters.
June flew to China.
June was very nervous about meeting her sisters.
June cried when she met her sisters. They all cried and hugged.
June was happy because she made her mother's wish come true!

A White Herron
A White Heron
Silvia lived in the city.
Sylvia moved to Maine. Sylvia moved to live with her grandma.
Sylvia helped her grandma with chores. Sylvia brought the cow home every night.
Sylvia liked her new home. Sylvia loved the woods.
One day, Sylvia saw a hunter
The hunter wanted to find a rare white heron.
Sylvia invited the hunter to her home.
The hunter offered to pay anyone who helped him find a heron.
Sylvia and the hunter looked for the heron's nest. They could not find it.
The next day Sylvia climbed the tallest tree. Sylvia wanted to look for the heron.
She saw many beautiful things.
She saw the heron!
Sylvia did not tell the hunter she saw the heron.
Sylvia did not want the hunter to kill the heron.
Sylvia did not get the money. Sylvia did not help the hunter find the heron.
Sylvia did not get rich, but she did save nature.
Sylvia did not get rich, but she did save the heron.

Lonely
Sometimes I feel lonely.
I feel lonely when everything is quiet.
I feel lonely when no one is there.
I feel lonely when I see strangers looking.
I feel lonely when I have no friends.
Will you be my friend?

Chill!
Chill
Bill
Dill
Fill
Gill
Hill
Till
Ill
Jill
Kill
Mill
Pill
Sill
Will
Chill!

Australia
I love a sunburnt country,
A land of sweeping plains,
Of ragged mountain ranges,
Of droughts and flooding rains.
I love her far horizons,
I love her jewel-sea.
Her beauty and her terror,
The wide brown land for me.

Scout
Scout is a main character in To Kill a Mockingbird.
The story is about her coming of age.
Scout is called a tomboy.
She isn't "ladylike."  She doesn't like girly clothes.
She is as strong as the boys in school.
She speaks her mind about right and wrong.
Like helping innocent outcasts like Boo Radley...
And speaking out against racial injustice.
Scout is a strong girl.

Our Favorite LOGOs!
Our Favorite LOGOs!
Wendy's has a little girl.
Chic-Fil-A has a chicken.
Pizza Hut has a red roof.
Arby's looks like a cowboy hat.
Taco Bell has a big bell.
Subway has arrows.
Panda Express has a panda bear.
McDonald's has a big, yellow "M".
Our Favorite LOGOs!

What begins with W?
This is a very old wagon.
The baby is wearing a wig.
Mmmm.  I love waffles!
Do you think this walrus is cute?
I want to live in a house that looks like a wigwam.

Morals
Morals
Do you have morals?
Morals are your rules for how you act.
Morals are beliefs about what is right and wrong.
No one is all good or all bad.
Everyone makes choices based on morals.
What do you believe? What are your morals?

Cody went to Sheetz
Cody went to Sheetz.
Cody rode in the car.
Cody went to Sheetz.
Cody sits at the table.
Cody loves slushies.
I like Pepsi Slushies.
Cody loves BBQ chips.
Cody drinks a BIG Pepsi.
Cody uses the men's room.
Cody loves donuts.
Sheetz is more than a gas station.

What will you do for Spring Break?
What will you do for Spring Break?
Kelvin will go swimming on Spring Break!
Danny will go to the grocery store and buy canned soup!
Ms. Liggins will relax as much as she can.
Camille will play on the computer!
Mr. G will dog sit for two dogs!
Colleen will play on the computer!
Rashawn will go to visit his grandma!
Devon will play on the Wii and go bowling with Mr. Leland!
Ms. Miller will visit her sister!
Mr. Weaver will go to Virginia to visit his nephew!

Liquids
Liquids
Liquids are a type of matter.
Liquids take the shape of the container.
Liquids can be poured.
Liquids can flow.
Liquids can be measured.
Liquids have volume.
Liquids have weight.
Liquids can have color.
Liquids can be clear.
Liquids can be sticky.
Liquids can be slippery.
Liquids can be cold.
Liquids can change to a solid when they are frozen.
Liquids can be hot.
Liquids can turn to into a gas when they are heated.
Liquids are used everyday!

Gas
Gas
Gas is a type of matter.
Gas can fill a bubble.
Gas can be invisible.
Steam is a gas you can see.
Gas can flow.
Air is a gas that can not be seen.
Gas does not have a shape.
Gas expands to fill its shape.
Gas can not be measured.
Gas can have a smell!
Gases are everywhere!

Crossing The Street Safely
WALK on the sidewalk NOT on the road.
Always STOP before crossing the street.
Check BOTH ways by looking left and right for cars.
Put your hand up to get the driver's attention.
Once you have the driver's attention quickly check on the LEFT or RIGHT and walk across the street keeping your hand up for safety
Walk SAFELY to the other side of the street.
Walk on the sidewalk to the lights.
When the red hand is showing that means STOP. It is not safe to cross the road.
Push the walk button on the pole for the walk signal to come back on.
Wait for the WALK signal to say it is safe to cross.
When the WALK signal is showing it is safe to cross.
Quickly check left and right to make sure the cars are stopped and walk quickly across.

Many, Many Peeps
Many, Many Peeps!
One peep swimming.
One peep peeking.
Two peeps on the beach.
Three peeps in yellow.
Four peeps standing.
Five peeps swaying.
Six peeps protesting.
Eight peeps leaning.
Sixteen peeps circling.
Many peeps playing.
Too many peeps to count!

My Peeps Book
My Peeps Book
Peeps in the grass.
Peeps in rows.
Peeps on the beach.
Peeps in Seattle.
Peeps and a robot.
Peeps in a sandwich.
Peeps in a drawer.
Peeps in 3s.
Peeps in 4s.
Peeps in pink.
Peeps in line.
Peeps on parade.
Peeps in coffee.
Peeps in a circle.
Peeps and a dragon. Oh no!
Peeps in green.
Peeps in 7s.
Peeps in 8s.
Peeps in a box.
Peeps making music.
Peeps on a dragon.
Peeps peeking at cereal.
Peeps on wheels.
Peeps and a chick.
Peeps on the computer.
Peeps in the store.
Peeps in the grass.
Peeps on a hat.
Peeps in eggs.
Peeps in rows.
Peeps with swords.
Peeps and a dinosaur. RRRRRAWARR!
Peeps in a bus.
Peeps on a starry starry night.
Goodnight, Peeps.

Frogs and Dissection
This is a frog. It has green skin, eyes, legs and toes.
Frogs live
In biology students dissect frogs to learn about how frogs work.
There are parts inside a frog that are also in humans.
Dissecting frogs can be interesting.
This frog dissection is made of felt.
This is a real frog being dissected.
The pins are used to hold back the skin so we can see inside the frog.

Monster high dolls
Monster High Dolls&lt;br /&gt;            by:Vaida
Ghoulia Yelps is my favorite.
This is Ghoulia pet &amp; nails.
This is Clawdeen wolf.
This is Draculaura &amp; her car.
This is Frankie stein.
This is Clawd. He's dating Draculara.
This is Cleo Dineil.
This is Deuce Gorgon.

The Indian Ladder Trail at Thacher Park
The start of the trail.
Keep an eye out for a peek at the falls!
I thought the falls were bigger! The summer has been so hot that the falls are really small.
A pile of rocks that slope down into the valley.
Let's go down for a better look!
Whoa! Watch your step!
Look at how far we've come!
Time for a break.
Phew! Climbing back up is hard work!
Look, it's a rock wall. It is a lot taller than me.
A tiny passage way. It is too small for people.
What is that, sitting on the rock?
Headed back into the forest. I am happy to be back in the shade.
Back on the path. Will we ever reach our destination?
I can almost see it, just a little bit farther!
We've reached The Overlook! Look at the view, it was worth the hard work!

Playing With A Friend During Free TIme
When I go to free time, I like to play one of my favorite activities.
Sometimes a friend might want to play with me when I am playing alone.
When I am playing alone, it makes my friends feel sad that they can't play with me.
When I play during free time, I need to remember to ask a friend if they want to play with me.
I can show a friend an activity card to ask them if they want to play with me.
If my friend says yes, then I can play with them.
If my friend says no, it's ok. I can find another friend to ask.
It will make me feel happy when I play with a friend. It will make my friend feel happy too.
I can give my friend a high five when we finish playing or say thank you with my TANGO.

Playing with a Friend at Free Time
When I have free time I like to play one of my favorite games.
Sometimes I like to play alone during free time.
When I do this my friends might feel sad that I don't want to play with them.
When I want to play with someone I need to remember to ask if they would like to play with me.
If they say "yes" then we can go get a game to play.
If they say "no" it's okay I can ask another friend to play.
It will make me feel happy when I play games with my friends.
I need to remember to tell my friends "thank you" or "I had fun" when we are done playing.

Spring
Spring
Spring brings bees.
Spring brings flowers.
Spring brings rainbows.
Spring comes after winter.
We love spring!

Solids
Solids
Solids are a type of matter.
Solids have a shape.
Solids have a size.
Solids have color.
Solids have weight.
Solids can be hard or soft.
Solids can float or sink.
Solids can break.
Solids can melt.
Solids can be magnetic.
Solids can be measured.
Solids can be stretchy.
Solids are everywhere!

Indoor Scavenger Hunt
We went on a scavenger hunt.
We use our iPod Touches.
We scanned the clues.
The clues told us to go north, east, west or south.
Luis found the clue in the library.
Mitko found the clue in the multi-purpose room.
Vlad found the clue on the door.
Zach found the clue in the office.
We ended in the sensory room.
The prize was indoor recess!
It was amazingly fun!

The Polar Express
The Polar Express round trip!
This is the Polar Express!
AlllLLLLLLL ABoardddDDDDDD!
Tickets please.....?...well are you coming?...
WOOO AAA OOOOO Tooot WOOO ooo ooo ooooot a toooooot a woo woo woo woo toooooty toot toot!
"Hot chocolate please,"..."Are you enjoying your trip?"
This is the North Pole!
The End!

Boiling Eggs
Today in cooking we cooked eggs.
We washed our hands.
We put the eggs in a saucepan and put in water and salt.
We put the saucepan on the stove. The water boiled.
This is a soft boiled egg. It is runny.
This is a medium boiled egg. It wasn't very runny.
This is a hard boiled egg. It was not runny at all.
We put the eggs in an egg cup and ate them with toast soldiers.
Lulu did not like the eggs.
Everyone else thought they were yummy.

Who Has Teeth?
Horses have teeth.
Cheetahs have teeth.
Bears have teeth.
Crocodiles have teeth.
Bats have teeth.
People have teeth.
Cats have teeth.

What is Paxton wearing?
This is Paxton.
Paxton is wearing a bow tie.
Paxton is wearing a jean jacket.
Paxton is wearing a sweater.
Paxton is wearing a visor.
Paxton is wearing a sweatshirt.
Paxton is wearing a birthday hat.
Paxton is wearing a scarf.
Paxton is wearing sunglasses.
Oh NO!  Paxton is tired.  Goodnight!

What does Paxton look like?
This is Paxton.
Paxton looks like Raggedy Andy.
Paxton looks like a bee.
Paxton looks like an elf.
Paxton looks like a devil.
Paxton looks like a prisoner.
Paxton looks like a Nebraska Cornhusker.
Paxton looks like a scarecrow.
Paxton looks like a VERY dirty dog!
Oh NO!  Paxton is tired.  Goodnight!

What does Paxton like?
This is Paxton.
Paxton likes his froggie.
Paxton likes special treats.
Paxton likes his ball.
Paxton likes the car.
Paxton likes his chair.
Paxton likes birthday cake.
Paxton likes his bone.
Paxton likes to look outside.
Paxton likes the snow.
Oh NO! Paxton is tired. Goodnight!

Where does Paxton like to sleep?
This is Paxton.
Paxton likes to sleep in the sun.
Paxton likes to sleep under a blanket.
Paxton likes to sleep in his chair.
Paxton likes to sleep on a pillow.
Paxton likes to sleep on his brother.
Paxton's brother likes to sleep on Paxton.
Paxton likes to sleep in a suitcase.
Paxton likes to sleep in a dog bed.
Oh NO!  Paxton is tired.  Goodnight!

Picking My Nose
Sometimes my nose feels funny so I put my finger in it.
If people see me it makes them uncomforatable.
It is a good idea to use a kleenex instead of my finger to rub my nose.
This makes my friends happy!

Once Upon A Time
Once upon a time there was a famous painter named Vincent Van Gogh.
He liked to use thick paint.
He liked to use dark colours.
He liked to paint sunflowers.

Miley is the best!
I love Miley Cyrus!
I like the way she sings!
I like the way she acts on TV.
She is silly!!
I sing along with Miley when I play her videos.
One of my favorite videos is, "7 things."
I have all her CDs and movies.
I hope she releases a new song soon!
Miley is the best!

Life Cycle of a Frog
The Life Cycle of a Frog
Frog Eggs
Tadpoles
Large Tadpole
Tadpole with Legs
Froglet
Adult Frog

Farm Animals
Cows provide milk for us to drink.
We can ride on horses.
Chickens lay eggs, and we can eat them.
Rabbits are cute and cuddley.
Sheep provide wool for us to make our clothes.
Goats make good pets, but they eat almost anything they find.
Dogs help the farmer around the farm, and they also make good friends.
The End!

Friends
Friends at School
Casey is a friend.
Gage is a friend.
Dillion is a friend.
Nathan is a friend.
Friends keep their hands to themselves.

I Like Videos!
I like to watch videos!
Sometimes, I watch Lion King.
I also like to watch Finding Nemo.
Treasure Planet is fun to watch.
LILO and Stitch makes me laugh when I watch it.
Toy Story is a good video.
I like to watch The Aristocrats, too!
My name is Kale, and I like to watch videos!

What Can We Taste?
What Can We Taste?
I taste red beans.
I taste healthy food.
I taste ice cream.
I taste cereal.
I taste brownies.
I taste icing.
I taste a gingerbread man.
I taste peas.

Service Dogs
Service Dogs
Service dogs help in many ways.
Service dogs can help blind people.
Service dogs can help people in wheelchairs.
Service dogs can help the police.
Service dogs can find people who are lost.
Service dogs can help the military.
Service dogs can help sniff out chemicals.
Service dogs can cheer up people who are sick.
Service dogs can listen to people read.
Service dogs can be good friends.
My service dog is a GREAT friend!

K is for Koala
K is for Koala.
What is a koala?
A koala bear is not actually a bear.
But a long time ago,
some people named it a bear,
because it looked like one.
Koalas come from Australia.
A baby koala stays in its mother's pouch for six months.
A baby koala is called a Joey.
Koalas have long, sharp claws
so they can grip tree branches.
Koalas walk on all four legs.
They eat leaves
from Eucalyptus trees.
Koalas are usually very still.
They like to sleep,
usually sleeping 16-18 hours a day!
Koalas are very friendly animals. But there are not many left!

Spring Activities
Bryn is blowing a flower and making a wish.
The children are having a race.
Brian is trying to catch the yellow frisbee.
Jadira and Zander are planting a vegetable garden with their pretty mom.
People use these tools to make a vegetable garden.
These happy children are running through the wonderful flowers.
These happy children are planting seeds in the dirt in the pots.
The colorful kites are flying up in the sky.
This happy family enjoys planting beautiful flowers.

H-E-L-L-O
The policemen say "HELLO!"
The baby says "HELLO!"
The people on the train say "HELLO!"
The monster says "HELLO!"
The little people say "HELLO!"
The pilot says "HELLO!"
The students say "HELLO!"
The dog says "HELLO!"
The cats says, "O-HELL."

Little Green Frog
Mmm-Ah went the little green frog one day.
Mm-ah went the little green frog.
Mm-ah went the little green frog one day.
And his eyes went mm-ah too!
Honk! Honk! went the big red truck one day.
Splat! Splat! went the little green frog.
His eyes don't go mm-ah anymore...
Because they got licked up by a dog. Woof! Woof!

Under the Bleachers
On top of the bleachers you can see the baseball game.
On top of the bleachers you can see the soccer game.
On top of the bleachers you can see the football game.
On top of the bleachers you can see the basketball game.
On top of the bleachers you can see the cheerleaders.
On top of the bleachers you can see the fans.
But under the bleachers...
You can see more butts!

The Jungle Book
Within the jungle...
is a wrecked boat on the shore.
Bagheera the panther explores the empty boat.
He finds a sleeping baby.
Bagheera takes the baby to a pack of wolves to be raised.
The baby grows up and is named Mowgli.
The tiger Shere Khan hears about the man-cub in the jungle.
Shere Khan loves to eat humans.
Bagheera doesn't think Mowgli is safe anymore...
so he and Mowgli set out at night to find the human village.
They run into the hypnotic snake, Kaa,who tries to hypnotize them.
They continue their journey when they run into a pack of elephants.
Mowgli is sad because Bagheera left him alone.
Baloo the goofy bear finds the sad boy.
Mowgli is then taken by King Louie the monkey.
Baloo and Bagheera rescue Mowgli from the mean monkeys.
The scared Mowgli runs away from everyone.
Kaa finds Mowgli again and is about to eat him...
Shere Khan appears and Mowgli is able to escape both of them secretly.
Mowgli walks alone through the jungle.
Shere Khan finds him and starts to attack him.
Then Baloo comes to the rescue and fights the mean tiger.
While Baloo is fighting, Mowgli ties a branch on fire to the tigers tail.
After Shere Khan runs Bagheera, Baloo, and Mowgli meet again.
They all three set out to find the human village.
Mowgli then spots a young and cute human girl singing by the creek.
Mowgli and the girl walk into the village.
Baloo is sad that his best friend, Mowgli, is gone forever.

Tarheel Basketball
UNC Basketball games are fun.
Roy Williams is the coach of UNC Basketball.
He is a good coach.
Tarheels have teamwork.
Tarheels guard.
They dribble.
They make layups.
They make 3 pointers!
Tarheels win.
Obama is a Tarheel.

Living on a farm
We grew up on on a farm!
We had horses.
We had cows.
We had pigs.
We had dogs.
We had cats.
We had ducks.
We had chickens.
We even had a donkey!
We had lots of animals.

Riding a Bike
Do you know how to ride a bike?
Most people start using training wheels.
Once you can balance, you can ride without the training wheels.
Some people can do tricks on their bike.
Other people can ride their bike really fast!
You can ride a bike in the mountains.
You can even ride a bike in the snow!
But wherever you ride your bike, make sure you know where to go!

Christmas Time
Christmas is the best time of year.
Everyone sets up a Christmas tree and puts presents under it.
Some families set up stockings for Santa to put extra goodies in.
If you leave milk and cookies for Santa, he will leave you presents.
Here comes Santa!
Presents!!!!!
Merry Christmas!

The Tortoise and the Hare
A tortoise and a hare decided to race.
The hare was fast.
The tortoise was slow.
The hare was ahead, so he took a nap.
The tortoise kept going.
The hare woke up.
The tortoise had passed the hare while it slept.
The tortoise beat the hare to the finish.
Slow and steady wins the race.

Tigers
Tigers are giant cats.
Most tigers are orange.
Some tigers are white.
All tigers have black stripes.
Tigers have large fangs.
Tigers come from Asia.
Tigers are endangered.
Everyone can help save tigers!

Sneaky Snakes
Have you ever seen a snake?
Snakes can be big.
Snakes can be small.
This snake is eating an animal.
But this snake might fall!
Some snakes blend in.
And some stand out too.
Now I see a snake,
And I know you do too!

Bob the Koala
I am a koala.
This is my mommy.
Today, my mommy said that I can go play!
What should I do first?
I love to climb trees!
I am a little thirsty now...
Thank you!
Playtime today was lots of fun!
I am getting a little sleepy...
Good night!

Chinese New Year
This is Megan.
Megan is Chinese.
She celebrates Chinese New Year.
Megan goes to the New Year Party.
At the party, there are lights...
...music...
...firecrackers...
...and a dragon!
Don't forget the yummy food!
Megan hopes for a good New Year!

Things That End With "at"
This is a cat.
This is a rat.
This is a bat.
This is a baseball bat.
This is a hat.
How about that?

Drums
Drums are musical instruments.
Drums make sound when they are hit.
Drums can be played with wooden sticks.
Other drums can be played with hands.
Drums can be very loud.
Drums are very fun to play.

The Band
Guitars can be quiet.
Guitars can be loud.
Drums can be large.
Drums can be small.
Singers can sing loudly.
Singers can sing quietly.
Pianos can be played by yourself.
Pianos can be played in a band.
Do you want to start a band?

Mark Zuckerberg
This is Mark Zuckerberg.
He created Facebook.
He created Facebook at Harvard University.
He is a billionaire.
He was named "Person of the Year".
He is married.
And this is his Facebook!

Some People
Some people play baseball.
Some people play basketball.
Some people play all sports.
Some people play none at all.
Some people like sleep.
Some people like cars.
Some people like planets.
Some people like stars.
What do you like?

Animal Colors
The dog is black.
The cardinal is red.
The goldfish is orange.
The polar bear is white.
The brown bear is brown.
The chameleon is green.
The cat is gray.
Zebras are white and black.
Animals have many different colors.

Krispy Kreme Challenge
The Krispy Kreme Challenge is a race.
The run is in Raleigh, North Carolina.
The runners dress up in costumes.
They run to Kripsy Kreme.
They eat twelve doughnuts.
Then they run back.
And sometimes they get sick.

Gilly from SNL
This is Gilly.
She is in elementary school.
She is mean.
She is a trouble-maker.
She smokes cigarettes.
She drinks wine.
She blows up her classroom.
But she always says sorry.

Clowns
Clowns are supposed to be funny!
Some clowns are nice like Ronald.
Some clowns are weird like this guy.
Some clowns are creepy like this guy.
Some clowns are evil like this guy.
Some clowns are talented like these guys.
Do you like clowns?

Strange Animals
The world has many strange animals.
The platypus looks like a duck and otter put together.
The angora rabbit  looks like a big ball of fur.
The sloth spends a lot of time upside down eating food.
The narwhal looks like a whale with a sword for a nose.
Blob fish look like they have a face.
The axolotl is like a lizard that lives underwater.

Parts of a Drumset
Drum sets are really cool!
They have many parts.
This is a snare drum.
This is a floor tom.
These are tom-toms.
This is the bass drum.
This is a cymbal.
There are many different kinds of cymbals.
Do you like drum sets?

Homework! Oh, Homework! (poem by Jack Prelutsky)
Homework! Oh, homework!
I hate you! You stink!
I wish I could wash you away in the sink.
If only a bomb would explode you to bits.....
Homework! Oh, homework!
You're giving me fits.
Homework! Oh, homework!
You're last on my list.
I simply can't see why you even exist.
If you just disappear....
It would tickle me pink.
Homework! Oh, homework!
I hate you! You stink!

Circles Circles Everywhere
A circle is a round shape. What can you see that is a circle?
The sun can be a circle.
A pizza can be a circle.
The moon can be a circle.
A ferris wheel can be a circle.
The Earth can be a circle.
A basketball can be a circle.
A cupcake can be a circle.
A hole can be a circle.
What do you see that can be a circle?

Get Up and Dance!
I like to dance.
Some people like to do ballet dance.
Some people like to do tap dance.
Some people like to do Irish dance.
Some people like to do hip-hop dance.
Some people like to do ballroom dance.
Some people like to do square dance.
Some people like to do belly dance.
I like to do Indian Classical dance.

Honey Badgers
Honey Badgers are scary.
A bee can sting them and it won't hurt.
They will even eat snakes.
This honey badger wants to fight.
This honey badger is sleepy.
This honey badger is getting away!

Camping
I like to go camping in the woods.
I always bring my tent, my backpack, and my clothes.
I enjoy hiking along the trails.
Sometimes I see birds up in trees.
Sometimes I see bears with their cubs.
I make sure to bring my flashlight for nighttime.
I also take my trash with me when I leave.
I love camping!

Subway Station
Subways have interesting people.
Sometimes they have bands.
Sometimes they have people who are reading.
Sometimes they have lonely people.
Sometimes they have couples.
Sometimes there is a group of people.
Sometimes there are people who are bored.
Sometimes there are people who are busy.
Sometimes something scary happens.

Lionel Messi
Lionel Messi is the best soccer player in the world.
Lionel Messi is from Argentina.
Lionel Messi plays for FC Barcelona.
Lionel Messi plays at the Camp Nou in Barcelona.
Messi is very fast.
Messi scores a lot of goals.
Maybe you can be as good as Messi one day.

Garden Time at my House
It's garden time at my house!
First, we need to buy a lot of seeds.
Then, you put the seeds into the soil.
Don't forget to water your plants every day!
Watch them start to grow!
They will soon grow into a beautiful garden.
Once the plants finish growing, you can pick the vegetables.
Then you can eat them. Enjoy!

Crayons
I am a crayon.
I can come in many different colors.
I can be made into a rainbow.
I come inside a box.
I can be HUGE!
I can draw lots of things.
I can be melted into cool shapes.
I am on a dragon.

Red Velvet
Red Velvet is a yummy type of dessert.
It can be made into a cake.
It can be made into ice cream.
It can be made into cupcakes.
It can be made into whoopie pies.
Red velvet makes me super happy!

Why States Exist
California has the Lakers
Kentucky has KFC
Wisconsin has Cheese
Michigan has Lakes
Utah has sight seeing
Florida has warmth
New York has the Giants
Most states have nothing...
but, North Carolina has the Tar Heels!

What to do at UNC
Visit the Dean Dome!
Go to Class!
Go to a Lenoir!
But eat at Spankys!
Buy a UNC  Shirt!
Ride the Bus Around Campus!
Last but not Least,
Meet Someone Famous!

Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory
This is Charlie. He is poor.
Charlie found the golden ticket!
He is going to see Willy Wonka at the chocolate factory.
Uncle Joe is coming with him.
They ride on a boat in a chocolate river.
There are a lot of Oompa Loompas.
They go to the Inventing Room.
They go to a room with chocolate eggs too.
Charlie and Grandpa Joe go to the Bubble Room.
They drink the Fizzy Lifting Drink and fly!
Willy Wonka, Charlie, and Grandpa Joe go in a flying elevator.
Willy Wonka gives Charlie the Chocolate Factory.
Charlie lives happily ever after.

Kale
Kale is a type of food.
Kale is a vegetable. It grows in the ground.
You have to wash Kale first.
You can boil kale.
You can put kale in a smoothie.
Kale is good for you!

Running a Marathon
Running a marathon is hard.
Running a marathon takes a lot of time.
You have to train for six months.
You have to run 26.2 miles.
There are a lot of runners in the race.
Running a marathon is fun!

Christmas Time
Christmas time is here!
Ornaments are hung on the tree.
Elves make presents, you see.
What could they be?
There's a puppy for Johnny,
and a puppy for me!
Merry Christmas, everybody!

Makeup
What is makeup?
It comes in many forms.
You put it on with brushes.
Gloss is for lips.
So is lipstick.
Shadow is for eyes.
So is liner.
Blush is for cheeks.
So is bronzer.
Makeup is really fun!
Just don't wear too much!!

Prom
What is Prom?
Prom is a dance!
Girls and guys go together
or go with friends.
Girls wear pretty dresses.
Guys wear suits.
They take pictures,
and ride in a limo,
and dance the night away!

First Date
I met a boy at school.
He asked me on a date.
I said yes.
We went to the park.
We went to a museum.
We both like art.
We went to a restaurant.
We went to a movie.
He walked me home and...
...he kissed me.

Clothes
People wear clothes.
People wear t-shirts.
People wear sweatshirts.
People wear shorts.
People wear jeans.
People buy clothes at a store.

Basketball
Basketball is fun.
You need a basketball...
a basketball net...
and a basketball court.
Sometimes people play basketball in an arena.
People play basketball as a team.
You need referee's to play basketball.
Whoever scores the most points wins!

Pictures
Pictures are fun.
You take pictures with a camera.
You can take pictures of a lot of people.
You can take pictures of one person.
You can take pictures of yourself.
Pictures can be put in a frame.
The pictures frames can be hung on a wall.
You can take one picture.
You can take a lot of pictures.

Doctor's Appointment
I am at the doctor's office.
The doctor checks my eyes.
The doctor checks my ears.
The doctor checks my heart.
The doctor checks my height.
The doctor checks my weight.
The doctor gives me a lollipop.
I love my doctor!

Bad Dream
Someone is following me.
Is he behind the tree?
Is he behind the car?
I am scared.
I start to run.
Is he behind the house?
Is he behind the door?
It was just a bad dream.

Guangzhou
Guangzhou is Canton
Guangzhou is in the very south of China
Guangzhou is huge
Guangzhou is famous for delicious food
Guangzhou is also famous for night cruise
People in Guangzhou speak Cantonese
The Five Goat is the symbol of Guangzhou
I love Guangzhou!

How to build a simple time machine
To build a simple time machine.
You need a piece of paper.
You need a pen.
You need to write "travel back to me with your time machine" on the paper.
And you need to sign it "your great-great-great-great grandpa or grandma."
You need to put the paper in a platinum box!
Because platinum lasts forever!
Then...you need to wait for a second!
And your great-great-great-great-grandchildren will come with a time machine.
Why????
Because they received the platinum box!

Journey to the West
Tang Sanzang is a buddhist monk.
He wants a journey to the west for his faith.
But devils are trying to eat him!
So he encounters his first disciple Sun Wukong
Sun Wukong is a monkey that can fly.
And his second disciple Zhu Bajie.
Zhu Bajie is a pig expelled from the Heaven.
and his third disciple Sha Monk.
Sha Monk carries things all the time.
And his horse "The Son of Dragon King From the Sea".
"The Son of Dragon King From the Sea" is a horse.
Though he used to be a prince under the water.
In the journey to the west, they have to combat the devils.
Their life is tough.
But they are also tough!
And they finally reached their destination!

Emotions
People have many emotions.
People can be happy.
People can be sad.
People can be surprised.
People can be scared.
People can be excited.
People can be shy.
People can be angry.
People can be forgiving.
There are many kinds of emotions.

Wheels
Cars have four wheels.
Bicycles have two wheels.
Wheels can be big.
Wheels can be small.
Wheels can blow in the wind.
Wheels can move in water.
Wheels can never be square...
...because they are always circles!

Bob Travels the World
Bob was bored.
Bob went on an adventure.
Bob went to New York City...
...and ate a hot dog.
Bob went to Paris...
...and ate cheese.
Bob went to Italy...
...and ate pizza.
Bob went to London...
...and drank tea.
Then Bob heard a noise...
...and Bob woke up!
He was asleep the whole time!

Tennis
Tennis
In tennis, you play with racquets.
In tennis, you can hit a serve.
In tennis, you can hit a forehand.
In tennis, you can hit a backhand.
In tennis, you can lose.
Or you can win.
But you will always have fun!

Henry and Mudge
Henry was a boy.
He was sad.
He had no brothers.
He had no sisters.
He wanted a dog.
Mom and dad wanted to make Henry happy.
They got him a dog. Henry named him Mudge.
Mudge was a little puppy.
But Mudge grew and grew.
Henry loved Mudge.
Mudge loved Henry.
Mudge loved Henry's bed best of all.
Henry used to walk to school alone.
Then Mudge walked to school with Henry.
One day Mudge went for a walk all alone.
Mudge walked in the woods.
Mudge walked in the fields.
Mudge walked by the stream.
Mudge got lost.
Henry was sad again. Mudge was lost.
Henry went to find Mudge. Henry looked in the woods.
Henry looked in the fields.
Henry looked by the stream. Henry called and called, "MUDGE!"
Finally, Mudge came running.
Henry and Mudge were so happy.
Henry and Mudge were together again.
Henry was a happy boy.
Mudge was a happy dog.

ABC Places
A is for airport.
B is for bank.
D is for dance studio.
F is for farm.
G is for grocery store.
I is for ice skating rink.
M is for museum.
P is for pet store.
T is for train station.
Y is for yoga studio.
Z is for zoo.

Beware of Deer
You may think that deer are nice...
...but they aren't.
Deer stalk.
They are watching you...
....all the time.
Deer live in herds....
...so that it is easier for them to attack.
Deer attack cars.
Deer will even attack dogs!
Deer love to play in the street.
This is when you have to be extra careful.
Deer act like they are scared...
...but really they want to get up close.
So when you are in the car, keep all doors...
...and windows...
...and trunks closed.
And remember, NEVER trust a deer.

Superman
This is Superman.
Superman has a red cape.
Superman has lots of friends.
Superman likes ice cream.
Superman likes to read.
Superman can fly.
Superman helps people.
Superman fights bad guys.
Superman always saves the day.

Replaced
Anna left her home to go to college.
Her family picked out a puppy the next day.
Her family named the puppy Hannah.
Anna was sad. Her family was replacing her.
Anna cried... a lot.
Her family felt bad.
Her family brought the puppy to Anna. Anna held the puppy.
Anna felt like part of the family again.

Atoms
What are atoms?
Atoms are very, very small.
Atoms are so small, you cannot see them with a normal microscope.
Atoms are in everything in the universe!
Atoms that are all the same form an element.
Gold is an element.
Helium is an element.
Mercury is an element.
Different atoms put together form a compound.
Water is a compound.
Salt is a compound.
Baking soda is a compound.
Atoms are everywhere!

Volcanoes
Volcanoes are in many places.
Sometimes volcanoes are quiet.
Sometimes volcanoes erupt!
Lava comes out of volcanoes.
Lava is very hot.
Volcanoes can be dangerous.
Volcanoes can also be beautiful.
If you are going to see a volcano, be careful!

Where Are My Keys?
I can't find my keys.
Are my keys in my bag?
Are my keys on the table?
Are my keys under my bed?
Are my keys in my closet?
Are my keys in my pocket?
Are my keys in the laundry?
Where are my keys?
I found them! They were in the car.

Pride and Prejudice
This is Elizabeth Bennet.
Elizabeth is smart and loves to read.
This is Mr. Darcy.
Mr. Darcy is proud and rich.
Mr. Darcy falls in love with Elizabeth,
but Elizabeth does not love Mr. Darcy.
Elizabeth thinks that Mr. Darcy is too proud.
Mr. Darcy proposed to Elizabeth,
but Elizabeth said no.
One day, Elizabeth's sister ran away.
Mr. Darcy used his money to find Elizabeth's sister.
Elizabeth thinks that Mr. Darcy is very kind.
Mr. Darcy proposed to Elizabeth again.
Elizabeth said yes.
And they lived happily ever after.

Flowers
I love flowers.
Flowers can be any color.
This flower is pink.
This flower is purple.
This flower is red.
This flower is white.
This flower is yellow.
This flower is pink and yellow.
What's your favorite flower?

Apples
Apples can be red.
Apples can be green.
Apples can be yellow.
Apples have seeds.
Apples grow on trees.
Horses like apples.
Dogs like apples.
Squirrels like apples.
Mice like apples.
Bats like apples.
Do you like apples?

Penguins
Penguins are happy.
Penguins like the snow.
Penguins can have different colors.
Penguins love each other.
Adult penguins can have baby penguins
Penguins have families.
Penguins can swim.
Penguins can jump.
Penguins can slide.
Penguins are friendly.
Penguins like people.
Do you like penguins?

Surfing
Surfing is awesome.
Boys can surf.
Girls can surf.
Families and friends can surf.
Surfing is a lot of fun.
People do tricks like flips.
Anyone can surf!
You, try to surf!

It's Dental Health Month
It is important to brush my teeth.
We have a visitor coming to talk about our dental health.
I need to sit and listen when we learn about clean teeth.
I am going to learn how to take care of my teeth.
We will practice and take turns brushing big teeth.
I will get my own toothbrush so that I can keep brushing on my own.
When I brush my teeth they stay clean and healthy.
Brushing my teeth keeps my smile beautiful!
It is important to brush my teeth.

Skillstream: Dealing With Feeling Mad
Sometimes I feel mad.
What can I do when I feel mad?
Stop and think. I need to stop and think when I am starting to feel mad.
Choose. Choose to be a turtle, choose to relax, or choose to ask to talk about it.
Do it. Make my choice and do it.
Sometimes I have to deal with feeling mad.
First stop and think. If I act mad I can get hurt. If I act mad other people can get hurt.
I can choose to be a turtle and curl up in my shell so I don't see what is making me mad.
I can choose to relax. Think about how I feel, take 3 deep breaths, squeeze the oranges.
I can choose to ask to talk. Tell a teacher, friend or my parents I need to talk.
After I make a choice. I do it.
Dealing with feeling mad: 1. stop and think. 2. Choose. 3. Do it.

Skillstream: Asking For Help
Learn how to ask for help.
How do I ask for help?
Try doing it on your own first.
When it is difficult, some people ask for help before trying it on their own.
Doing something difficult on your own can give you a sense of pride.
Sometimes it is frustrating to do things on your own.
Use a calm voice and say, "I need help."
When you ask for help people will help you.
Doing something difficult with help from others can give you a feeling of pride.
Asking For Help: 1. Try it. 2. Say, "I need help."

Skillstream: Following Directions
It's important to follow directions.
How do we follow directions?
Listen.
Think about it.
Ask if needed.
Do it.
Follow Directions.
Listen: look, stay still, think.
Think about what is being said to you.
Ask a question if you don't understand.
Just do it. Follow directions.
Following Directions: 1. Listen. 2. Think about it. 3. Ask if needed. 4. Do it.

Skillstream: Ignoring
We ignore with our whole body.
Sometimes other people act out to get attention.
How do we ignore?
Look away.
Close your ears.
Be quiet.
We can ignore what bothers us.
Look at something else.
Listen to something else.
Be quiet and don't talk about it.
Learn to ignore it.
Ignoring: 1. Look away. 2. Close your ears. 3. Be quiet.

Park Ridge
We went to Park Ridge.
First, we went to the dentist office.
Next, we ate at Noodles &amp; Company.
Then, we took a walk.
We walked to the bank.
Then, we walked to the movie theater.
We walked past Starbucks.
After that, we walked to the library.
Last, we went to the train station.
We had a lot of fun.

"The Gift of the Magi"
"The Gift of the Magi" by the Squirrel Nut Zippers
My heart is sad.  Christmas is coming.
I have no silver, I have no gold, to buy my wife a gift this year.
I will pawn the watch my father gave me to buy a comb for her hair.
Oh, mother, mother, what shall I do?
I have no silver, I have no gold, to buy my love a gift this year.
I will buy a watch chain for my love, when I sell my treasured hair.
Darling, today is Christmas. What has become of your golden hair?
I have traded my only treasure to buy these combs for your mane.
Darling, we have lost our treasures.  My gift to you is a golden chain.
Though we have pawned away our treasures, these gifts are not in vain.
The wise men came on Christmas morn, their gifts of love to bear.
From that day on now we remember, our own true love to share.

Kites
I love kites.
Silly kites.
Rainbow kites.
Circular kites.
Butterfly kites.
Spiky kites.
I love kites!

Girls and Boys
This story is about girls and boys.
Girls can have short hair.
Boys can wear pink.
Girls can like bugs.
Boys can do cartwheels.
Girls can like cars.
Boys can like dolls.
Girls and boys can be friends!

Gloria, Who Might Be My Best Friend
Gloria moved down the block from Julian.
Gloria taught Julian how to do a cartwheel.
Julian showed Gloria a robin's nest.
They drank Kool-Aid together.
Then they made a homemade kite.
They wrote their wishes down and tied them to the kite.
They became good friends.

My Very Strange Teeth
Julian had a loose tooth.
How could he get it out?
His father offered to use a string.
His father offered to use pliers.
His father said he could wiggle it out himself.
His mother said he had caveboy teeth.
All Julian needed was an apple!

Julian's Father
Julian's father is an important character.
He is patient.
He doesn't get angry when Julian and Huey make mistakes.
He is kind.
He makes pudding for Julian's mom.
He is fun.
He tells fun stories.
Julian's father is a great dad.

Patience
Patience is when you can calmly wait for something you really want.
I can't wait for Christmas!
Be patient.
I want my birthday to get here!
Be patient.
I can't wait for that new cd to come out!
Be patient.
Are you patient?

Brothers
Julian and Huey are brothers.
Brothers have fun together.
Brothers fight sometimes.
Brothers are always there...
for years and years!
Brothers take care of each other.
Do you have a brother?

Figs
A fig is a fruit.
They grow on fig trees.
They are soft and sweet.
Figs have hard seeds inside.
They are good in desserts.
A dried fig is called a date.
Have you ever tried a fig?

Because of Figs
For his 4th birthday,
Julian got a fig tree.
Julian loves to eat figs.
But when the fig tree grew new leaves...
Julian ate them!
He thought this would make him taller.
The fig tree started to die.
But Julian's father helped him decide to stop eating the leaves.
The tree grew healthy and strong.

Stories
Stories allow us to make believe.
Even if they are a lie...
they are true, too.
Make believe stories are called fiction.
Anything can happen.
They can be happy or sad.
What story will you tell?

What Did They Plant?
Julian, Huey and their father planted a garden.
They planted...
tomatoes,
squash,
onions,
garlic,
peas,
pumpkins,
and potatoes!
They had a lot to eat!

Our Garden
Julian and Huey and their father planted a garden.
They planted vegetables.
They planted flowers.
They planted giant corn for fun.
The boys watched the garden at night.
They got covered in dirt.
They took a long bath.
Over time, their garden grew!

Catalog Cats
Julian's father got a seed catalog for the garden.
But Julian played a trick on his brother.
He said catalogs are books with cats in them.
The cats could help in their garden, he said.
His brother dreamed about cats.
Then the vegetable seeds came.
No cats came...
But Julian's father told them the cats were invisible!

In Trouble
Sometimes I get in trouble.
It makes me mad.
If I didn't do my homework...
If I didn't clean my room...
If I didn't feed the cat...
If I went to the mall without asking...
Getting in trouble stinks.

Similes
Similes use words to make comparisons.
They are a great way to play with words!
Check out these similes:
As proud as a peacock.
As blind as a bat.
As quiet as a mouse.
As brave as a lion.
Can you make up a simile?

Lemon Pudding
I want to make lemon pudding.
I need sugar...
cornstarch...
milk...
eggs...
lemon zest...
salt...
lemon juice...
and butter!
Yum!

Who Cooks at Your House?
Everybody has to eat.  Who cooks at your house?
My mom cooks.
My brother cooks.
My grandma cooks.
My sister cooks.
My dad cooks.
I cook.
Who cooks at your house?

Pudding Like a Night on the Sea
Julian's father made lemon pudding.
It was a special present for Julian's mother.
He worked very hard.
The lemon pudding was delicious.
His father told Julian not to eat it.
But Julian and his little brother Huey did anyway.
Oh, was his father angry!
Julian was worried about punishment.
But all they had to do was help make pudding again.

Adventure!
What is adventure?
New heights...
Far away places...
Or being home for the long road with someone you love.
Weathering it out with friends...
Things you thought weren't possible...
Hard challenges...
Celebration!

Family
A family can be a lot of things.
A family is when living things care for one another.
A family can be blood relatives.
A family can be adopted.
A family can be grownups and kids.
A family can be close friends.
Pets can be family.
Who is in your family?

How Do You Get To School?
I go to school by bus.
I go to school by train.
I go to school by taxi.
I go to school by car.
I go to school by boat.
I go to school by walking.
I go to school by van.

The Storm
The Storm.
Pandora the cat lived by the ocean...
in a lighthouse.
Seabold was a sailing dog.
His ship, the Adventure, got caught in a storm.
Pandora's lighthouse saved him, and they became friends.
Soon another storm shipwrecked two orphan mice children.
Pandora and Seabold cared for them, and they became a lighthouse family.

Home
Home can mean a lot of things.
Home can be a place to live.
And this looks different for different people.
Home can be family.
Home can be a good friend.
Home can be doing something you love.
Home is a good, safe feeling.
Everyone needs a home.

Homesteaders
Homesteaders were people who settled new land in the American West.
They rode in covered wagons.
They settled in vast, open places.
They worked very hard to build farms.
They were often lonely.
They depended on horses.
They built their own homes.
Many say homesteaders were strong people!

Sarah, Plain and Tall
Anna and Caleb live on a homestead with their father, Jacob.
They are lonely without their mother.  She died years ago.
Farms are hard work...
...and the family wanted a wife and mother.
Sarah came all the way from Maine.
She brought her cat.  Would they stay?
The new family weathered a bad storm together.
Sarah missed her seaside home...
but she came to love Anna, Caleb and Jacob.
And they became a family!

Exercise
Do you like to exercise?
You could ride your bike.
You could do yoga.
You could dance!
You could lift weights.
You could run.
You could play basketball.
Exercise is good for the mind, body and soul!

The Dragons of Blueland
Elmer's friend, Boris the dragon, was on his way home.
He wanted to see his family.
Boris had to fly a long way.
He stopped at a farm where he almost got caught.
Boris finally found Blueland, his family's home.
But some men had trapped his family!
Boris needed Elmer's help.
They flew back to Blueland together.
They tricked the men...
...and the whole dragon family escaped!
Then Boris flew his friend home to his family.

Freedom
Everyone deserves to be free.
Free to learn.
Free to play a lot.
Free to work hard at something you love.
Free to protest unfair laws.
Free to vote for new laws.
What will you do with your freedom?

Elmer and the Dragon
Elmer and the dragon escaped from Wild Island.
They stopped on the island of Tangerina.
A gull told them the way home...
but they had to fly through a big sea storm.
They finally found an island.
Many canaries lived there.
They helped dig up a treasure.
The dragon flew Elmer home to Evergreen Park.
Then the dragon flew off to find his own home.

"The Gift of the Magi"
"The Gift of the Magi" adapted from O. Henry
Della saved a long time.  She had only $1.87.
It was not enough for Christmas shopping.
She sobbed and sniffled.
Della was married to Jim.  They were very much in love.
Jim had a job.  He earned only $20 a week.
Della was sad.  She did not have enough money to buy a gift for Jim.
Della passed a mirror and looked carefully into it.
Jim and Della did not own much, but they  were proud of two things...
Della was proud of her long, beautiful hair.
Jim was proud of his gold watch.  It had been his father's.
As she looked in the mirror, Della had an idea for getting more money.
Della sold her hair to Madame Sofronie at a wig shop.
She received 20 dollars.
She paid $21 for a watch chain for Jim's present. She had 87 cents left.
Della curled her short hair when she got home.
She worried that Jim would not like her short hair.
When he got home, Jim could not stop staring at her.
"My hair is sold and gone.  I'm me without it, ain't I?" said Della.
"Nothing could make me like you any less," said Jim.
Jim gave Della the Christmas present he had bought her.
Stella opened it and again began crying.
The package contained combs for her hair.  Her vanished hair.
Soon she smiled, "My hair grows so fast, Jim!"
Della then showed Jim his present.  The watch chain.
Jim sat down and smiled.
"I sold my watch to get the money to buy your combs."
The magi were wise men who brought gifts to the Babe in the manger.
They invented Christmas gift giving.
Jim and Della sacrificed what they liked most to buy gifts for each other.
Anyone who does what Jim and Della did is wise.
But Jim and Della are the wisest. They are the magi.

Jungle Animals
Many different animals live in or near the jungle.
Wild Boar
Tortoise
Tiger
Rhinoceros
Lion
Gorilla
Monkeys
Crocodile
I wouldn't want to run into one of these animals in the jungle!

Elmer Elevator
Elmer Elevator is the main character of My Father's Dragon.
Elmer is kind.  He adopts a homeless cat.
Elmer also rescues a dragon.
Elmer is brave.  He travels to Wild Island.
Elmer also climbs across many rocks to find the dragon.
Elmer is clever. He tricks a lot of crocodiles.
Elmer is an interesting character!

Maps
Maps tell us about places.
This is a world map.
This is a United States map.
This is a weather map.
This is a map of state birds.
This is a treasure map.
This globe is a map of the earth.
Learning to read a map will teach you a lot about different places!

Angry
There are a lot of ways to say that you are angry.
This mom is furious.
This man is so angry he is seething.
This girl is very mad.
This boy is irate.
No matter how you say it, you can always tell when someone is angry!

My Father's Dragon
My father got to meet a dragon when he was a boy.
A cat told him about the dragon.
My father went to Wild Island to rescue the trapped dragon.
My father hid on a big ship.
My father ate many tangerines on the way.
My father saw many animals, like tortoises...
tigers...
and crocodiles!
My father gave the crocodiles lollipops...
and rescued the dragon!

Tattoos
I want to get a tattoo.
What kind should I get?
I could get a big tattoo.
I could get a long tattoo.
I could get a scary tattoo.
I could get a pretty tattoo.
I could get a cool tattoo.
First I have to ask my parents.
Can I get a tattoo?

Body Tattoos
Arms with tattoos.
Back with tattoos.
Legs with tattoos.
Feet with tattoos.
Wrists with tattoos.
Shoulders with tattoos.
Face with tattoos.
Side with tattoos.
Fingers with tattoos.
Where can he tattoo you?

Bad Boys II
I want to be a bad boy when I grow up.
I'm a pirate now.
I'm going to drink beer.
I'm going to get a Harley.
I going a tattoo or two.
I'm going to ride standing up.
I'm going to drive recklessly.
I'm going to cross like this.
I'm going to be a bad boy.
No, I'm not - I'm a joker!

How To Make A Brown Paper Bag Reindeer  By Devon
You will need: brown paper, red paper, black paper, scissors, glue, pencil and a brown paper bag.
First, draw and cut the circles out.
Next, glue the circles on the brown paper bag.
Then, cut the antlers out.
Then, glue on the antlers to the brown paper bag.
Finally, you are done!

How To Make Your Bed  By Chloe
First, pull up the sheet.
Next, pull up the blanket.
Then, you put on pillows.
Finally, you are done!

What can you be?
I can be a firefighter.
I can be a princess.
I can be a chef.
I can be a doctor.
I can be a pilot.
I can be a cheerleader.
I can be a construction worker.
I can be a police officer.
I can be an astronaut.

The Letter T
The letter T is used in many words!
T is for Tea cup,
Triceratops,
The Tooth fairy,
Tigers,
Trees,
and
Turtles!
Now you know some things that begin with the letter T!

Where's the Alphabet?
Where's the Alphabet?
The alphabet is everywhere in the world!
Here are some things you see every day.
A is for Apple. Yummy!
B is for Bridge. Beautiful!
C is for Cookie Monster. "Me love cookies!"
D is for Duckling. Quack!
E is for Egg. Eeek!
F is for Frog. Ribbit!
G is for Guitar. Sing along!
H is for House. Home sweet home!
I is for Ice Cream. Tasty!
J is for Jelly fish. Swim!
K is for Kangaroo. Hop Hop!
L is for Lights. Shiney!
M is for Moose.
N is for Nuts. Yum!
O is for Orange. Delicious!
P is for Puppet. Hello!
Q is for Quilt. Cozy!
R is for Rainbow. Pretty!
S is for Sunrise. Wonderful!
T is for Train. Choo Choo!
U is for Unicorn. Magical!
V is for Violin. Beautiful!
W is for Walrus. Cute!
X is for Xylophone. Fun!
Y is for Yummy. Delicious!
Z is for Zebra! Stripey!
Now you know where the alphabet is- it's EVERYWHERE!

What are they doing?
They are walking.
They are running.
They are singing.
They are dancing.
They are cleaning.
They are skating.
They are camping.
They are talking.
They are watching a movie.

What is his?
That is his house.
That is his car.
That is his hat.
That is his family.
That is his camera.
That is his pizza.
That is his guitar.
That is his book.

What Can You Do?
I can color with crayons.
I can eat with a fork.
I can cut with scissors.
I can build with blocks.
I can dig with a shovel.
I can play music with instruments.

Over Winter Break...
We had lots of fun over winter break.
I got presents over winter break.
I went to Wisconsin Dells over winter break.
I stayed at home over winter break.
I went to Firezone over winter break.
I made a popcorn string over winter break.
I went skiing over winter break.
I played hockey over winter break.
I watched TV over winter break.
We had a great break.

Where Are We?
Where are we?
We are on a farm.
Where are we?
We are at a zoo.
Where are we?
We are in a forest.
Where are we?
We are in the ocean.
Where are we?
We are in the desert.
Where are we?
We are in a pond.
Where are we?
We are in a house.

Minecraft
It was the beginning of the day in our peaceful village.
I love to harvest crops in the morning.
Then I saw a cat in the sky.
Then a god appeared.
I protected myself from a bad dog.
After all the excitement I went home.
THE END! By:Cody

About January
It is January.
It is a new month. It is January.
It is a new year. It is 2013.
There are a lot of things to celebrate in January.
It is a new year. We can celebrate.
In January, we celebrate the President taking office.
In January, President Barack Obama will take office for one more term.
In January, we also celebrate Martin Luther King, Jr.
In January, we remember all that Dr. King did to fight for equal rights for African Americans.
What will you celebrate in January?
In January, it is Winter. It can still be cold in January.
In January, we need to dress for cold weather.
What will you wear in January?
It is January. What will you do in January?

Christmas Day
There are many pretty things to see and do at Christmas.
I hope I am on the good list.
Some people think holly is mistletoe.
Jesus was born on Christmas night.
The star led people to Jesus.
Don't forget to hang your stocking.
Reindeer pull Santa's sleigh.
Some people put pie out for Santa Claus.
I have an elf on the shelf.
Santa gives us toys.
Rudolph's nose is red.
Santa is watching you.
Some people hang wreaths.
We get gifts on Christmas.

Merry Christmas 2012 !!!
I love Christmas morning with my family.
I'm so excited to get presents on Christmas.
It is special to give my family presents on Christmas.
We eat lots of Christmas cookies for Christmas.
We eat dinner together for Christmas.

The Gingerbread Man
Once upon a time there was a woman who didn't have any children. She was lonely so she decided to...
make a little gingerbread man! To her surprise, he jumped out of the oven!
Run, run, as fast as you can. You can't catch me, I'm the Gingerbread Man! He ran to a...
Cow! The cow said "Stop little Gingerbread Man, I want to eat you!" But the Gingerbread Man said...
Run, run, as fast as you can. You can't catch me, I'm the Gingerbread Man. Then he ran to a...
Pig! The pig said "Stop Little Gingerbread Man! I want to eat you!" But the Gingerbread Man said...
Run, run as fast as you can! You can't catch me, I'm the Gingerbread Man! Then he ran to a...
Horse! The horse said "Stop little Gingerbread Man! I want to eat you!" But the Gingerbread Man said...
Run, run as fast as you can! You can't catch me, I'm the Gingerbread Man!
He ran to the river.
Sitting by the river was a fox. The fox said "Hop on my back, Little Gingerbread Man, I'll take you across the river."
So the Gingerbread Man jumped and, quick as a wink, the fox gobbled him up. And that was the end of him.

I Like Christmas!
The house is pretty with decorations on it.
I like to open presents on Christmas morning.
I help decorate the Christmas tree with ornaments.
My stocking is hanging on the fireplace.
This dog is wearing a Santa hat.  How funny.
Merry Christmas!

Jobs In Our Community
I'm a firefighter, I put out the fire.
I'm a farmer, I grow food for us to eat.
I'm a bus driver, I can drive you wherever you want to go.
I'm a construction worker, I can build tall buildings and houses.
I'm a train conductor, I drive the train on the train tracks.
I'm a police officer, I protect you and keep you safe.
I'm a teacher, I help you learn a lot at school.
I'm a doctor, I help you feel better when you are sick.
I'm a cashier, you can pay me for your groceries.
I'm a dentist, I make sure your teeth are healthy and clean.
I'm a barber, I can give you a great haircut.

Thankfulness
Thanksgiving is a time to say thanks.
This man is praying to God saying "Thank you for my blessings".
God gives us many things to be thankful for.
We are thankful for our food we eat.
Thank you God for the beautiful ocean.
Thank you God for my strong muscles.
We are thankful for cool music.
Thank you God for fun and cute animals.
We are thankful for healthy food that keeps us strong.
Thank you God for our family that came safely from Mexico.
We are thankful for our family because they love us and feed us.
We are also thankful for friends who care about us.

Alphabet Zoo
A is for Alligator. What does A say?
B is for Bear. What does B say?
C is for Camel. What does C say?
D is for Duck. What does D say?
E is for Elephant.What does E say?
F is for Flamingo. What does F say?
G is for Gorilla. What does G say?
H is for Hippo. What does H say?
I is for Iguana. What does I say?
J is for Jaguar. What does J say?
K is for Kangaroo. What does K say?
L is for Lion. What does L say?
M is for Monkey. What does M say?
N is for Newt. What does N say?
O is for Ostrich. What does O say?
P is for Panda. What does P say?
Q is for Quail. What does Q say?
R is for Rhinocerous. What does R say?
S is for Snake. What does S say?
T is for Tiger. What does T say?
U is for Urchin. What does U say?
V is for Vulture. What does V say?
W is for Walrus. What does W say?
X is for X-ray. What does X say?
Y is for Yak. What does Y say?
Z is for Zebra. What does Z say?

Places I can go
Look at the places I can go.
Look at the ocean.
Look at the forest.
Look at the cave.
Look at the desert.
Look at the mountains.
Look at the pyramids.
Look at the beach.

I See Animals
I see a cat and a mouse.
I see a lion and a tiger.
I see a bird and a dog.
I see a giraffe and a zebra.
I see a dolphin and a whale.
I see a rabbit and a squirrel.
I see a goat and a pig.
I see a wolf and a polar bear.
I see a duck and a turtle.
I see animals.

I'm Thankful For:
I'm thankful for a talking turkey.
I'm thankful for my heart.
I'm thankful for cranberries.
I'm thankful for taking pictures.
I'm thankful for food.
I'm thankful for my family.
I'm thankful for teachers.
I'm thankful for Christmas.

Thanksgiving is...
Thanksgiving is a holiday.
Thanksgiving is a turkey.
Thanksgiving is mashed potatoes.
Thanksgiving is corn.
Thanksgiving is pumpkin pie.
Thanksgiving is bread.
Thanksgiving is cranberry sauce.
Thanksgiving is a feast.
Thanksgiving is a football game.
Thanksgiving is a parade.
Thanksgiving is family.
Thanksgiving is fun!

I'm Thankful
Thanksgiving is a time to be Thankful.
I am thankful for many things.
I am thankful for my home.
I am thankful for my clothes.
I am thankful for Batman.
I am thankful for fast cars.
I am thankful for ninjago.
I am thankful for macaroni and cheese.

I'm Thankful
Thanksgiving is a time to say Thank you for all we have.
I have a thankful heart.
I'm thankful for my family.
I'm thankful for toys.
I'm thankful for leggos.
I'm thankful for cookies.
I'm thankful for my bed.
I'm thankful for my ipod.

The First Thanksgiving
The Pilgrims came to America. Jackson likes the Pilgrims.
They met the Indians. Sampson likes the Indians.
The Pilgrims and Indians had a big dinner together.
They ate turkey together. Jackson likes turkey.
They also ate corn. Sampson likes corn.

BVS Middle Fall Jess
What we know about Fall!
We see pumpkins.
We see turkeys!
We eat turkeys!
We see leaves change color and fall to the ground.
We see scarecrows.
We see gourds.
We see Football!
We see sweaters.
We see Halloween.
We see pretty colors.

Fall Things
In the fall, I see leaves.
In the fall, I see jackets.
In the fall, I see pumpkins.
In the fall, I see yellow.
In the fall, I see orange.
In the fall, I see scarecrows.
In the fall, I see red.
In the fall, I see turkeys.

Come With Me
Come and run with me.
Come and jump with me.
Come and swim with me.
Come and play with me.
Come and dance with me.
Come and read with me.
Come and sing with me.
Come and ride with me.
Come with me.

What is up?
The hot air balloons are up.
The birds are up.
The helicopter is up.
The balloons are up.
The airplane is up.
The ball is up.
The kids are up!

I'm Going Hunting
I'm going hunting.
I'm going hunting for a deer.
I'm going hunting in the woods.
I'm going hunting in the deer stand.
I'm going hunting with my rifle.
I'm going hunting in the winter.
I'm going hunting for a buck.
I hope I have some luck!

Thanksgiving Day!
Thanksgiving Day!
We all wait to eat yummy food.
We eat turkey!
We eat mashed potatoes!
We eat corn!
We eat dinner rolls!
We eat green bean casserole!
We eat pumpkin pie!
After we eat, we take a nap!

Brian's Survival Guide
What does Brian need to survive in the woods?
He needs fire to keep warm.
He needs his hatchet to cut wood for his fire.
He needs food so he does not die of starvation.
He needs shelter to keep dry and safe from animals.
He needs water to not die of thirst.
He needs an emergency radio to send out a signal.
He needs someone to rescue him!

Pajamas!
I love my pajamas.
Plaid pajamas
Sporty pajamas
Striped pajamas
Matching pajamas
Holiday pajamas
Cat pajamas?

Lonely
Sometimes I feel lonely.
Everything seems quiet,
like there's only me.
I'm all alone.
My thoughts have echoes.
I wish I had a friend.
Will you be my friend?

Up and Down
We can look up and down.
Look up at the balloons.
Look down at the puddle.
Look up at the moon.
Look down at the butterfly.
Look up at the leaves...
Look down at the leaves!

Houses
There are all kinds of houses.
Cozy houses
Small houses
Crooked houses
Country houses
Snowy houses
Apartment houses
Do you live in a house?  What kind?

Stairs
There are many kinds of stairs.
Spiral stairs
Fancy stairs
City stairs
Park stairs
Mountain stairs
Modern stairs
There are so many kinds of stairs!

Tea
I love tea!
Tea with milk
Tea with honey
Hot tea
Iced tea
Green tea
Black tea
Tea is delicious!

Thirsty?
Are you thirsty?
How about some ice water?
How about some coffee?
How about some soda?
How about some tea?
How about some juice?
How about a milkshake?
Milkshakes won't help with thirst, but they are yummy!

What Makes You Sad?
What makes you sad?
It makes me sad to hear a sad song.
It makes me sad to see animals who need homes.
It makes me sad to fall down.
It makes me sad to see a sad friend.
Are you sad?
Let me cheer you up!

You're the Guest!
You're the guest!
You can have my bedroom.
You can choose dinner.  You're the guest!
You can choose the movie.  You're the guest!
You can have the front seat.  You're the guest!
You can choose the game.  You're the guest!
You can borrow my favorite pajamas.  You're the guest!
Thanks for being my guest!

Melt and Freeze
Heat makes things melt.
Cold makes things freeze.
Ice cream will melt in the sun.
Water will freeze in the winter.
Fudge will melt on a hot cookie.
Juice pops will freeze in the freezer.
Crayons will melt in the oven.
The lake will freeze in the winter.
Marshmellows will melt in the fire.
Don't freeze out there!

Owls
Owls are birds.
Owls are nocturnal.  They come out at night.
Owls have feathers.
Owls have beaks.
Owls are fast.
Owls have big wings.
Owls eat mice.
Do you like owls?

What Grows In the Garden?
What grows in the garden?
Broccoli grows in the garden.
Lettuce grows in the garden.
Celery grows in the garden.
Carrots grow in the garden.
Radishes grow in the garden.
Beets grow in the garden.
What is your favorite garden vegetable?

Root Vegetables
Root vegetables grow underground.
Carrots grow underground.
Radishes grow underground.
Beets grow underground.
Potatoes grow underground.
Onions grow underground.
Yams grow underground.
Garlic grows underground.
Root vegetables are delicious!  Which one is your favorite?

Vegetable Garden
We planted a vegetable garden.
We bought seeds.
We tilled the soil.
We planted the seeds.
We watered the seeds.
We weeded the weeds.
We harvested vegetables!

Sea Voyage
If you were going on a sea voyage, what would you bring?
I would bring food in cans and jars.
I would water in bottles.
I would bring warm clothes.
I would bring sunscreen.
I would bring books to read.
I would be sure to bring a friend!

I May Be Small
I may be small, but I have a fierce roar!
I may be small, but I'm learning a lot!
I may be small, but my shadow is tall!
I may be small, but I work very hard!
I may be small, but I'm a great big brother!
I may be small, but I'm a great friend.

Whales
Whales live in the sea.
Whales have flippers.
Whales jump out of the water.
Whales have fins.
Whales spout water.
Whales eat plankton.
Whales are very, very big!

I won!
I won the race!
I won the spelling bee!
I won the talent show!
I won the chess tournament!
I won the car race!
I won the eating contest!
WE won the tug of war!

What's For Lunch?
What is your favorite lunch food?
Hot Dogs?
Burgers?
Pizza?
Chicken Nuggets?
Spaghetti?
What's YOUR favorite?

Pests
Pests are things that bother us.
A mouse is a pest.
A raccoon is a pest.
Rats are pests.
Mosquitos are pests.
Cockroaches are pests.
Little brothers are pests.
Just kidding!

Have You Ever?
Have you ever...
put a goat in a boat?
Have you ever ridden the train in the rain?
Have you ever worn your cat like a hat?
Have you ever put a fox in a box?
Have you ever had fun in the sun?
No?  Neither have I.

Do You Like Green Eggs and Ham?
Do you like green eggs and ham?
I do not like them, Sam I am.
Do you like them in a house?
Do you like them with a mouse?
Do you like them on a train?
Do you like them in the rain?
Do you like them with a goat?
Do you like them on a boat?
Do you like green eggs and ham?
I do not like them, Sam I am.

Eggs
I love to eat eggs.
Fried Eggs
Scrambled Eggs
Hard Boiled Eggs
Deviled Eggs
Egg Salad
Raw Eggs?!
Eww, gross!!

Where Does It Come From?
Where does it come from?
Where do eggs come from?
They come from chickens.
Where does milk come from?
It comes from cows.
Where does syrup come from?
It comes from a Maple tree.
But we can buy eggs, milk and butter at the store.

Keep Trying
I might not pedal perfectly.  But I'll try again.
I might not play perfectly.  But I'll try again.
I might not ride perfectly.  But I'll try again.
I might not swim perfectly. But I'll try again.
I might not dance perfectly.  But I'll try again.
I might not sing perfectly.  But I'll try again.
I might not read perfectly.  But I'll try again!

Let's Make Pancakes!
What do we need to make pancakes?
We need flour.
We need sugar.
We need vanilla.
We need eggs.
We need oil.
We need butter.
What else do we need?
Don't forget the syrup!

Animal Mothers
A mother hen watches her babies.
A mother fox nurses her babies.
A mother monkey carries her baby.
A mother duck leads her babies.
A mother bird feeds her babies.
A mother bear protects her babies.
A mother tiger plays with her baby.
Mothers take care of their babies.

Animal Babies
A baby sheep is a lamb.
A baby deer is a fawn.
A baby cow is a calf.
A baby dog is a puppy.
A baby cat is a kitten.
A baby duck is a duckling.
A baby chicken is a chick.
Which is your favorite baby?

Eggs
Some animals hatch from eggs.
Tadpoles hatch from eggs.
Turtles hatch from eggs.
Bald eagles hatch from eggs.
Chicks hatch from eggs.
Owls hatch from eggs.
What else hatches from eggs?

Fall
What do we see in fall?
We see jack-o'-lanterns in fall.
We see scarecrows in fall.
We see pumpkins in fall.
We see Indian corn in fall.
We see falling leaves in fall.
We don't see snowmen in fall!

From Pumpkin to Jack-o-Lantern
A pumpkin starts off as a seed.
Plant the seed in the ground.
From the pumpkin seed grows a sprout.
From the sprout grows a vine.
On the vine grows a yellow flower.
At the bottom of the flower grows a green pumpkin.
The green pumpkin grows bigger.
The pumpkin starts to turn orange.
The pumpkins are taken off the vine!
They are ready to be picked.
Let's carve a pumpkin.
We made a jack-o-lantern!
Happy Halloween!

Halloween is...
Halloween is...
It is a full moon.
It is a costume.
It is jack-o-lanterns.
It is candy corn.
It is a haunted house.
It is a witch.
It is decorations.
It is a black cat.
It is candy.
It is a ghost.
It is trick or treating.
It is Halloween.

Puppies
Puppies chew.
Two puppies.
Who are you?
I just love my brother!
Taking a nap.

The NC State Fair
I love the State Fair.
The roller coaster is scary but fun.
The ferris wheel is very high. I don't like it.
The twister makes me feel like throwing up.
The little mouse is eating a candy apple.
There are many food stands at the fair.
The cupcakes are delicious at the State Fair.
Guess what? I love elephant ears.
Elephant ears are my favorite food at the fair.

/Sh/ Words
This is a sheep.
The puppy needs a wash.
The books are on the shelf.
I see a ship on the water.
This is a yellow fish.
The grill of the car is shiny.
Aah! A shark!

Helping Out at School and Home
I will grow up and go to Middle School someday.
Someday after that, I will get a job!
Things I do at home and school will help prepare me to be a worker when I grow up.
At home, I can make my own bed.
At school, and at home, I hang up my own backpack.  No one needs to do that for me!
At school and at home, I can help empty wastebaskets and recyling bins.
I can wipe off desks, tables and counters.  It's easy!
Of course, I always remember to put away my toys!
Another thing I can do is help set the table.
It's easy to set a table if I have a picture to look at.
It's nice to know I can help with dinner for my family!
After dinner, I can put dishes in the dishwasher.
I feel good knowing I can help!

Snow!
Winter is my favorite season because of the snow!
I love snow in the mountains!
Some animals also enjoy snow.
If it is freezzzzzzing cold outside. I can look at snow from my bedroom window.

At the zoo
I see a bear at the zoo.
I see camels at the zoo.
I see a dolphin at the zoo.
I see gibbons at the zoo.
I see the eagle at the zoo.
I see a tapir at the zoo.
I see a tiger at the zoo.
I see a red panda at the zoo.
I see a moose at the zoo.
I see wolves at the zoo.
I see penguins at the zoo.
I see animals at the zoo.

Where are we?
We are at the park.
We are at the aquarium.
We are at the playground.
We are at the soccer game.
We are at the grocery store.
We are at the barber shop.
We are at the gas station.
We are at McDonald's.

Mom and Dad
Most families have a mom, a dad and kids.
Everyone's mom and dad are different.
This mom and dad are playing with thier baby.
This mom and dad are on vacation.
This mom and dad smile for the picture with their kids.
This mom and dad like to eat pizza with their kids.
Can you point to pizza?
The mom is the woman.
Can you point to mom?
The dad is the man.
Can you point to dad?
Who is in your family?

I am going
I am going to the park.
I am going to the basketball game.
I am going to the pumpkin patch.
I am going to the grocery store.
I am going to the zoo.
I am going to the book store.
I am going to the pool.
I am going to the restaurant.
I am going to the candy store.
I am going to the movie theater.
I am going to the bakery.

In my house
I am in my home.
I am in my home.
I am in my home.
I am in my home.
I am in my home.
I am in my home.
I am in my home.
I am in my home.
I am in my home.
I am in my home.
I am in my home.

Wonderful Worms
Worms are wonderful!
They are gooey,
filthy,
adorable,
friendly,
active,
and, best of all...
tasty.
But beware if you are a fish!

X-Egg-ly
X.
Eggs.
Blue X.
Blue eggs.
Broken X.
Broken eggs.
X. O.
Eggs O.
Exact.
Eggs stack.
Extra.
Eggs straw.
Example.
Egg sample.
Triple X.
Triple eggs.
X-man.
Eggs man.
X box.
Eggs box.
Explosion.
Egg splosion.
No more X, and
no more eggs.

Fairy Tales
Fairy tales are special stories.
They start with "Once Upon a Time..."
They usually have a castle.
Sometimes they have a princess.
Sometimes they have characters who are animals.
Fairy tales are always make believe.
and they usually end with "Happily ever after..."

I am
I am a firefighter.
I am a dentist.
I am a teacher.
I am a singer.
I am a police officer.
I am a dancer.
I am a basketball player.
I am a musician.
I am a pilot.
I am a doctor.
I am a photographer.
I am a chef.
I am a zookeeper.
I am a zookeeper too.

Uncle Sam
Have you ever seen pictures of this man?
He is Uncle Sam, one of the symbols of our country.
Another symbol is the bald eagle.
We think of our country when we see red, white and blue.
Our flag, the eagle and Uncle Sam are all symbols of our love for our country.
During World War II, pictures of Uncle Sam were used to get people to sign up for the army.
Now, companies use Uncle Sam to make us excited to buy their products.
The initals U.S. stand for United States, and Uncle Sam!
He is one of many ways we celebrate living in the USA!

Weather and How I feel
The weather affects how I feel.
Sun makes me feel glad.
Rain can make me feel silly.
Some clouds make me feel inspired.
Windy days make me mad.
Snowy days make me happy.
Cloudy days can make me depressed.
Stormy nights make me feel tired in the morning.
Sunny mornings excite me.
Cloudy nights give me a headache.
When I see hurricanes on the news, I am worried.
When it floods, I feel upset.
When it rains all day, I feel sad.
Look at these pages and tell me how you feel.
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

I Wish I Were a Star!
I wish I were a star.
I could be a famous singer.
I could be an actor on the red carpet.
I could be a soccer star...
...or a basketball star.
I could be on TV.
I could start a new company.
I wish I were a star!

Friends
Friends help each other.
A friend might help you with homework.
A friend might help you clean your room.
A friend might help you cheer up.
A friend might help make a goal.
Friends help each other.

Fairy Tales
Fairy tales are special stories.
"Once Upon a Time..."
Castle
Animals are characters
Make Believe
Princess
"Happily ever after..."

What Makes You Afraid?
What makes you afraid?
Thunderstorms make me afraid.
Scary movies make me afraid.
Snakes make me afraid.
Airplanes make me afraid.
High places make me afraid.
What makes you afraid?

Bravery
This soldier is brave.  Why?
This boy is brave.  Why?
This dancer is brave.  Why?
These people are brave.  Why?
This person is brave.  Why?
This student is brave.  Why?
Are you brave?

Willpower
Willpower is when you control what you do.
You use willpower when you do homework, even when you don't want to.
You use willpower when you clean your room, even when you don't want to.
You use willpower when you are kind, even when you don't want to be.
You use willpower when you eat your vegetables, even when you don't want to.
You use willpower when you keep practicing, even when you don't want to.
The more willpower you use, the more you will have!

One More
Sometimes I want just one more...
I love pizza.  I'll have just one more piece.
I love ice cream.  I'll have just one more lick.
I love cake.  I'll have just one more piece.
I love cookies.  I'll have just one more cookie.
I love pickles.  I'll have just one more pickle.
Ugh.  Just one more can add up!

Chocolate Chip Cookies
I love to make chocolate chip cookies.
I need...
Flour
Sugar
Eggs
Chocolate Chips
Butter
Water
Vanilla
Baking Soda
Mmm!  Chocolate chip cookies!

Frog's Garden
Frog is growing a garden.
Frog reads to his garden.
Does reading help Frog's garden grow?  No, but it doesn't hurt!
Frog sings to his garden.
Does singing help Frog's garden grow?  No, but it doesn't hurt!
Frog plays violin for his garden.
Does playing violin help Frog's garden grow?  No, but it doesn't hurt!
Frog loves his garden!

Grocery List
I need to make a grocery list.
I need...
Dough
Sauce
Cheese
Pepperoni
Veggies
What can I make?

My To Do List
I made a To Do List.
It reminds me what I need to do.
Today I will wake up.
Today I will eat breakfast.
Today I will go to school.
Today I will work hard.
Today I will have fun!
I hope I do everything on my list.

Frogs and Toads
Let's read about frogs and toads.
A toad is a type of frog!
Most toads have dry skin.
Most frogs have wet skin.
Frogs and toads can swim.
Frogs and toads can croak.
Frogs and toads can jump.
Frogs and toads can be friends!

Friends
Friends make life better.
Friends love each other.
Friends help each other.
Friends listen to each other.
Friends make each other laugh!
Friends are proud of each other.
Friends lift each other up.
Friends make life better.

What Can You Do?
What can you do?
I can swim.
I can sing.
I can play soccer.
I can be a friend.
I can read.
What can you do?

Balloon Rhymes
I can rhyme about balloons.
The balloons fly high in the sky.
They are way up there in the air!
I see three balloons for me.
I am tall!  Don't fall!
Small balloons by the wall.
Bye balloons!  Fly high, balloons!

At the Zoo
At the Zoo
Monkeys are at the zoo.
Tigers are at the zoo.
Lions are at the zoo.
Bears are at the zoo.
Penguins are at the zoo.
Wolves are at the zoo.
Gorillas are at the zoo.
Families are at the zoo.

I Can't Sleep
I can't sleep.
I will read a book.
I can't sleep.
I will cuddle.
I can't sleep.
I will watch TV.
I can't sleep.
I will have a snack.
Sweet dreams...

I Wish...
Sometimes I wish for things.
I live in an apartment.
But I wish I lived in a mansion!
I have a TV.
But I wish I had a home theater!
I have a bike.
But I wish I had a sports car!
I guess I'll keep wishing.

Space Travel
Rocket Ship
Astronaut
Space Suit
Moon Walk
No Gravity
Outer Space
Space Station

How Does It Fly?
How does it fly?
Birds can fly.  They need feathers.
People can fly.  They need an airplane.
Butterflies can fly.  They need wings.
People can fly.  They need a glider.
Flying squirrels can fly.  They need lots of skin.
Astronauts can fly.  They need a rocket.

What Can Fly?
What can fly?
An eagle can fly.
A panda bear can't fly.
A mosquito can fly.
A bat can fly.
Can a whale fly?

Planets in Space
There are 8 planets.
Mercury
Venus
Earth
Mars
Jupiter
Saturn
Uranus
Neptune

What Do Mother Bears Do?
What do mother bears do?
Mother bears care for their cubs.
Mother bears catch salmon.
Mother bears find a safe den.
Mother bears look for food.
Mother bears keep danger away.
Mother bears care for their cubs.

I Need a Hat
Where can I get a hat?
I can buy a hat from the mall.
My aunt can knit me a hat.
I can buy a hat at the rummage sale.
My brother will give me his old hat.
I got a hat!

It Is Cold.  What Will You Wear?
It is cold.
Put on a hat.  Put it on your head.
Put on mittens.  Put them on your hands.
Put on a coat.  Put it on your body.
Put on boots.  Put them on your feet.
Put on snow pants.  Put them on your legs.
Now you will be warm!

Woody
Woody is a cowboy.
He wears brown boots.
He is a sheriff.
Buzz and Woody are friends.

At the Chinese Buffet
At the Chinese buffet I can eat all different kinds of food.
I can eat potstickers.
I can eat chicken nuggets.
I can eat sesame chicken.
I can eat orange chicken.
I can eat fried rice.

Hamburgers
I like hamburgers.
Hamburgers are hot.
They have ketchup.
Eat a hamburger.

Rhinos
A rhino is big.
They eat grass.
A rhino has horns.
Rhinos are gray.

I see colors
I see colors.
I see red.
I see white.
I see yellow.
I see purple.
I see pink.
I see green.
I see brown.
I see blue.
I see orange.
I see black.
I see colors.

Birthdays
Birthdays mean candles.
Birthdays mean cake.
Birthdays mean friends.
Birthdays mean presents.
Birthdays mean a party.
Birthdays mean balloons.
Birthdays mean food.
Birthdays mean fun!

Bears
There are different kinds of bears.
Polar Bears
Black Bears
Panda Bears
Grizzly Bears
Sun Bears
Sloth Bears

U.S.A. Symbols
We are talking about symbols of the United States of America.
The flag is a symbol
of freedom.
The flag is red, white, and blue.
The Statue of Liberty is 
another symbol of freedom.
The statue of liberty is
in New York City.
Have you ever been to
the statue of liberty?
The bald eagle is
another symbol.
A bald eagle is a big
bird.
Have you ever seen a
bald eagle?
The Liberty bell is
another symbol of freedom.
The Liberty bell is in
Philadelphia.
These are just some of the symbols of the United States.

Animals on the Farm
I am a cow.
I am a lamb.
I am a duck.
I am a horse.
I am a rooster.
I am a pig.
I am a goat.
I am a chicken.
I am a farmer.

What is Autumn?
What is Autumn?
It is a leaf.
It is a pumpkin.
It is a scarecrow.
It is a pine cone.
It is a haystack.
It is a piece of pie.
It is a feast.
It is a bonfire.
It is a squirrel.
It is a leaf pile.
It is a sunflower.
It is a corn maze.
It is hot cocoa.
This is Autumn.

What Makes Me Special
I like books.
I have brown eyes.
I have brown skin.
I have black hair.
I like toys.
I have a wheelchair.
I like dolls.
I have short hair.
The end.

At School
What do we do at school?
At school we have PE.
At school we have music class.
At school we play.
At school we take field trips.
At school we have library.
At school we have speech.
At school we have art class.
At school we go to the playground.
We do a lot at school.

CBT Free Willlllllllly
This is Free Willy. He is silly.
For one treat Free Willy jumps.
I love swimming. Killer whales like tricks.
People watch the show. The whales touch the ball.
Free Willy was born 1966. Free Willy is 23.
I love you baby whales. They are cool.
The whale is hiding. I love Whales.

The Letter "d"
This is the letter d.
The girl sitting at her desk is learning her A.B.C's.
Desk begins with the letter d.
Can you point to the letter d?
This bedroom door is open.
Door begins with the letter d.
Can you point to the letter d?
Here is a mother duck and her ducklings.
Duck begins with the letter d.
Can you point to the letter d?
This is the letter d.

Know Your Rights
You should know your rights.
All people must be treated fairly;that is your right.
Can you point to fairly?
When you have a job you have the right to be paid.
You have the right to use the money you earn to buy want you want after you pay your bills.
Can you point to money?
What would you like to have the right to buy?
People who are in a wheelchair have a disability.
Can you point to the wheelchair?
Many people have a disability. Their rights are protected by laws.
Can you point to people?
What other rights do people with disabilities have?
You have the right to be alone when you want.
When you want to be alone you want the right to privacy.
Can you point to privacy?
You have the right to not be teased at work about your disability.
If that does happen tell the boss.
Can you point to tell the boss?
It is important to know your rights.

Cool Dogs We Like
These Golden Retrievers are triplets.
One dog is hugging a dog and one dog is hugging a cat.
Roel likes Dalmation dogs. They help the firemen.
This is a liter of puppies sleeping together.
Fernando likes Pitbulls.
This Chihuahua doesn't want to walk.
These dogs have poofy hair.
This Chihuahua is very talented. He can ride a bike.

Dinosaurs and Volcanos
These dinosaurs are weird looking.
These dinosaurs are friends.
This volcano is exploding at night.
This is a ferocious volcano says Kassidy.
A volcano comes out of the mountain.
Some volcanos are in the water.

My Favorite Animals
This kitty is one of my favorite animals.
I think this cat is thinking.
This kitten is sleeping.
These 3 geese are funny.
This giraffe is 13 feet tall.
These 2 cats are cute together.

The Letter F
This is the capital letter F and the small letter f. F makes the fuh sound.
F is for fire.
Here's a big fire.
F is for four. Here's four fine friends.
F is for fort.
F is for fat.
This is the letter F.   F makes the fuh sound.  Fuh, fuh, fuh, fuh.
F is for high five.
F is for fancy fountain.
F is for football field.
F is for flying.
F is for a fly on a flower.
F is for feet.
F is for fish.
F is for Freddy playing a fiddle.
This is the letter F.     F makes the fuh sound.
Have a fine Friday, if it's Friday when you read this book! Farewell, my fine and fabulous friends!

How to Catch a Polar Bear
Do you know how to catch a polar bear?
Well, polar bears are curious.
They like the color green.
They live in the snow and ice.
They love to eat peas.
So, cut a hole in the ice.
Put some peas around the hole.
When the polar bear stops to take a pea,
Kick him in the ice hole.
That's how you catch a polar bear.

My Z Book
Some of my favorite things start with the letter Z. Like ...
zebra,
zipper,
zinnias,
zig zag,
and zero.
But best of all is the zoo!

X is a letter of the alphabet.
X is a letter of the alphabet.
X begins words like X-ray,
and ends words like box.
X begins words like
X-ray,
and ends words like fox.
X begins words like..
X-ray,
and ends words like wax.
X begins words like....
X-ray,
and ends words like mix.
X begins words like......
X-ray,
and ends words like fix.
X is a letter of the alphabet.
X begins words like............
Xylophone!

The Letter U
The Letter U
U is for umbrella.
U is for umpire.
U is for unhappy.
U is for under.
U is for uniform.
U is for unicorn.
U is for United States.
U is for unicycle.
U is for up,
up, up and away.

Things to do with S.
There are so many things to do that start with S.
In the morning you can stretch,
then take a shower.
After that you can sip some juice.
Then you can skip,
and sing,
and smile.
And when you are tired you can sleep,
until you snore!

The Q book
This is the letter Q!
Q is for quarter!
Q is for queen!
Q is for quail!
Q is for question!
Q is for quilt!
Q is for quiet! Shhhhhhh.

No, no, no
No, no, no.
"I don't like things that start with N.
I do not like them. Not now or then."
"Would you like a nut?" I hear you say.
"No, no, no. No nuts for me today or yesterday."
"Don't you like the night?"
"No, no, no.
I close my eyes up tight."
"What about a nice friendly note?"
"No, no, no.
I'd rather have a letter. On letters I dote!"
"What about adding up numbers in your head?"
"No, no, no.
I'd much prefer to do maths instead.
You see, it's true. What I first said.
I don't like things that start with N, not from the morning until I go to bed."

Some things about L
Some things about L
Limes are lovely,
and they start with L.
Llamas are lanky,
and they start with L.
Lakes are liquid,
And they start with L.
Ladybirds are lonely,
and they start with L.
Lions are loyal,
And they start with L.
But there's one thing that starts with L that is best of all.
Can you guess what it is?
Lollies! Yum, yum, yum!

K Words
This is the letter k.
Key begins with the letter k.
Here are two keys.
This is the letter k.
Kite begins with the letter k.
This man is flying his kite.
This is the letter k.
Kangaroo begins with the letter k.
This is a mother kangaroo and her baby.
This is the letter k.
I like lots of things that start with k.

The Letter J
The Letter J
Jam starts with J.
Jump starts with J.
Jet starts with J.
Jar starts with J.
Jaguar starts with J.
Jacket starts with J.
Jellyfish starts with J.
Jazz starts with J.
Jeans start with J.
Jog starts with J.
Judge starts with J.
Jupiter starts with J.
This is the Letter J.

My C Book
I can see the letter C.
I can see the cat.
I can see the car.
I can see the camel.
I can see the cow.
I can see the clown.
I can see the crocodile.
I can see the caterpillar.
I can see the cookies. They look delicious!
"C" you later!

We miss you, David!
Hi David! We miss you and love you at Carpenter.
Ms. Anderson and Fernando wanted to make you a Tar Heel Reader book.
We wish you were here, but hope you love your new school.
Remember making Tar Heel Reader books on the computer with us?
We remember how you love old cars.
We know you like lego police also.
I heard you got a new puppy. Yay!
What is your puppy's name?

Finches
Finches are really cool.
They will protect food.
Finches sit on branches.
They share.
They fly around in cages.
I like blue finches.
I like green finches.

They are by
They are by the boat.
She is by the pond.
They are by the beach.
They are by the markets.
She is by the trees.
They are by the city.
They are by the car.
They are by the swing.

I have one
I have one pet.
I have one brother.
I have one bike.
I have one house.
I have one car.
I have one ice cream.
I have one banana.
I have one sandwhich.

I come from
We come from a dog.
I come from a cat.
I come from a horse.
I come from a sheep.
I come from a pig.
I come from a cow.
I come from a chicken.
I come from my mother.

John Cena Love Famliy USA
John Cena  you love  the big ring.
John Cena you help the kids.
John Cena  you love your wife.
I am happy you lift Mike Henry  up.
John Cena you  are a good man.
John Cena you love your dream.
John Cena you are my  favorite rapper.
John Cena I watch you shake Triple H's hand.

Thomas' Restaurant
Welcome to My Restaurant.
Here is your menu.
Can I take your order?
Bethany orders a drink and a pizza.
Here is your drink.
Here is your pizza.
Here is your check.
I take the money.
I put the money in my pocket.
Good-Bye. Please come again.

Kangaroos
The kangaroo is an animal found in Australia.
There are over 60 different types of kangaroos.
Kangaroos live all over Australia.
Kangaroos live in forests.
They also live on beaches.
Some kangaroos live on the ground,
but some live in trees.
Kangaroos use their powerful back legs to hop.
They use their tails for balance!
Kangaroos eat plants,
but sometimes they eat mushrooms.
Kangaroos can be large,
small,
or very small!
Sometimes kangaroos are out in the day,
but mostly they are out at night.
Female kangaroos have a pouch.
They raise their babies, called joeys, in the pouch.
When the joey gets too big,
it leaves the pouch and starts to look after itself.
Kangaroos often live in families - and they look out for each other.

Taylor Swift - Her Story
Taylor Swift - Her Story
Taylor Swift is an American singer.
She also writes songs.
She released her first album in 2006.
It was a huge hit and she became a star.
One of the songs, Our Song, was number one on the country music charts.
Her second album, Fearless, was popular with everyone.
Fearless was the top selling album in 2009.
Fearless won four Grammy Awards.
Taylor became the youngest person to win the Best Album award.
In 2010 she released the album Speak Now.
To launch Speak Now she did a World Tour at 110 different cities.
Taylor's third album, Mean, won two Grammy awards.
In 2012 she will release her fourth album.
People are very excited and hope that the album comes soon.

Amusement Parks Are Fun!
Amusement parks are fun!
Up! Up! Up!
Down! Down! Down!
Around...
and around.
Over.
Under.
Crash!
Splash!
Amusement parks are a blast!

Batman
My name is Mr. Freeze.
The  Joker is evil. Mr. Freeze and the Joker team up.
Mr Freeze and the Joker are on the roof of the building.
They steal Batman's tank.
They pick up Bane on the way to the bank.
The three bad guys are heading towards the bank.

I Love Monster Trucks
I love monster trucks!
They are loud!
They have big tires.
They have lights.
They can fly.
They are strange!
I want to drive a monster truck.

The Enormous Elephant
by Ben
There are two different kinds of elephants: African and Asian.
Elephants live where it is hot.
They use their trunks to help keep cool.
An adult elephant's trunk is about seven feet long.
They use it for smelling, touching, and grasping.
An elephant can drink two gallons of water at one time.
Elephants can eat 300 pounds  of food in one day.They eat mainly roots, leaves, fruit, grasses, and bark.
Elephants can live to be about 70 years old. They can weigh more than 6 tons and stand as tall as 12 feet.

All About the 2012 Olympics
The Olympics are going to be held soon.
The Olympics will be held this summer.
Can you point to summer?
The Summer games will be held in London, England.
Can you point to the symbol of the Olympics?
Some athletes run in track and field races at the Olympics.
Usain Bolt is an athlete who will run in the Olympics.
Can you point to run?
Some athletes will be swimming.
Michael Phelps is an athlete who will be swimming.
Can you point to swimming?
Swimming and diving are both events in the water.
Can you point to water?
There are many different types of sports in the Olympics.
The Olympics will be fun to watch.

Little Brown Seeds
Little Brown Seeds
Little brown seeds so small and round,
Are sleeping quietly underground.
Down come the raindrops,
sprinkle, sprinkle, sprinkle.
Out comes the rainbow,
twinkle, twinkle, twinkle.
Little brown seeds way down below,
Up through the earth they grow, grow, grow.
Little green leaves come one by one.
They hold up their heads and look at the
sun.

Tylor's Problem
I was playing video games at my Grandma's house.
I fell asleep.  Grandpa Tom came home when I was sleeping on the couch.
I heard yelling in the house.
I called 9-1-1 because he showed up.
Mom said we had to move out because of Grandpa Tom.
I am mad at Grandpa Tom.

Charlie the Tiger
Once upon a time there was a little cub Tiger named Charlie.
He Loved Playing Video Games!
And having free time with his best toy a soccer ball.
Charlie likes to play.
Charlie can read too.
The End

The Case of the Missing Rabbit
The Case of the Missing Rabbit!
This morning when I woke up, I realized my pet rabbit was missing!
I looked in the bathroom but she wasn't there.
I looked in my brother's room but she wasn't there either!
In case someone stole her, I made signs telling them to stop!
I still couldn't find my rabbit, so my sister helped me look for her.
Then we went outside to look, and there in the garden was my pet rabbit!
I was so happy! We solved the case of the missing rabbit!

He was with his
He was with his dog.
He was with his friends.
He was with his mother.
He was with his father.
He was with his sister.
He was with his brother.
He was with his cat.
He was with his bird.

They are at the
They are at the pool.
They are at the park.
They are at the beach.
They are at the shops.
They are at the doctors.
They are at the fair.
They are at the school.
They are at the train station.

He is on the
He is on the train.
He is on the horse.
He is on the trampoline.
He is on the chair.
He is on the swing.
He is on the bed.
He is on the computer.
He is on the bus.

wisconsin
Wisconsin became a state in 1848.
We are called the badger state.
Our state football team is the Green Bay Packers.
We are known for our dairy.
We are famouse with Harley Davidson motorcycles.
Our state fruit is the cranberry.

He is on the
He is on that horse.
He is on the court.
He is on the bike.
He is on the farm.
He is on the chair.
He is on the bed.

He is on
He is on the horse.
He is on the plane.
He is on the chair.
She is on the bed.
He is on the cow.
He is on the carriage.
He is on the train.

He played
He played with his teddy.
He played with his ball.
He played with his skateboard.
He played with his lego.
He played with his car.
He played with his dog.
He played with his friends.

Juliet's Balcony
Romeo and Juliet are in love,
but their families hate each other.
Romeo has to sneak into the garden to see Juliet.
Juliet comes out on the balcony.
Romeo thinks she looks as beautiful as the sun.
He thinks her eyes twinkle like stars.
He just wants to touch her.
Romeo and Juliet decide to get married.
It all happened on the balcony.

Ladybugs are cute!
This is a pink ladybug.
This ladybug is hiding in a white rose.
The red ladybug is looking in the mirror.
This ladybug is also hiding in a pretty white flower.
These are red ladybug cupcakes. Would you like one?

Who is Romeo?
Romeo is in love.
Romeo is smart.
Romeo is brave.
Romeo is restless.
Romeo is desperate.
Romeo is loyal.
Romeo is sad.
Romeo is many, many things.

The Bear's things
That's the bear's tree.
That's the bear's bucket.
That's the bear's traffic cone.
That's the bear's pipe.
That's the bear's fish.
That's the bear's ball.
That's the bear's drum.
That's the bear's pole.

Flowers Everywhere (to the tune of "Twinkle Twinkle")
Flowers, flowers,
everywhere;
in my garden,
in my hair,
in the vase,
and at the store,
on the table,
on the door.
What a lovely
time of year,
flowers blooming,
bringing cheer!

Kate Makes Dough by Mercy S K
Kate wants to make dough.
She found a recipe.
Kate gathered her ingredients:
sugar
salt
flour
butter
yeast
warm water
eggs
milk
Kate gathered her utensils:
cup
large bowl
baking sheet
measuring spoons
clean counter
oven
She then pours water into a measuring cup.
Then she sprinkles sugar and yeast over the water and waits for bubbles to appear.
Then she pours the flour into a bowl.
She mixs in the salt.
Then pours the yeast mixture into the flour.
She mixes it with her hands.
Then she puts the dough on a clean counter with flour
She kneads the dough for ten minutes.
Then lets the dough rise for an hour.
After that, she forms the dough into 12 rolls.
She puts the rolls on a greased sheet.
Then bakes them  in a hot oven until they are brown.
Let the rolls cool!
Kate went to her parent's house.
She gave her dough as a gift to her nephew.

My Cars
I would like to be a famous car driver.
I can keep my car safe by putting it in the garage.
This is my orange and black car. When I drive it, I put my seat-belt on.
I drove to the city to see a statue of a horse at a museum. There was a lot of traffic.
I drove my white car to work. I work at Cedar Point.
I keep my cars clean. I keep the outside shiny and the inside smelling fresh.
I parked my black car on the street. I was going to eat Chinese food at the Chinese restaurant.
The doors on this car open differently. You have to swing the doors up and down to open and close them.
I am taking my friend to school. It is a hot day so we put the top down. It was a fun drive!

History 1/2
History Ch. 1 section2
Scientists think people used to live a long time ago in Africa.
Scientists look for footprints, bones, and tools to learn about people from a long time ago.
People learned how to start a fire.
They used fire to keep warm and keep animals away.
People from a long time ago used stone to make tools for hunting and eating.
When people began to use tools to hunt they started to travel more.
They found new homes and places to hunt and live.

Economics
Economics is the study of production, distribution and consumption of goods.
Microeconomics studies the behavior of households and firms,
Macroeconomics studies the entire economy.
Demand is the quantity of a product desired by buyers.
Supply is the amount of goods available.
Equilibrium is where demand equals supply.
At equilibrium, the allocation of goods is at its most efficient point.

Basketball
Basketball is my favorite sport.
I started playing when I was little.
My brother and I would play everyday
and sometimes late into the night.
I enjoy dunking the basketball.
I have always been a good dribbler
and an excellent passer.
But my best skill is shooting.
Defense is extremely important
as well as being a great teammate.
And remember to always listen to your coach.

Angry Birds
Angry Birds
Is a game you can play on your phone
The game involves these birds
who are after this pig.
Because the pig stole their eggs.
The red bird is strong.
The yellow bird is fast.
The blue bird is small.
The black bird is a bomb.
The white bird drops bombs.
The green bird is a boomerang.
They attack the evil pigs
and get their eggs back.

Barkley the Yellow Lab
Hi, my name is Barkley.
This is a story about my favorite activities.
As a puppy, I liked to sleep a lot.
The beach was one of my favorite places
and I always liked the sand.
I enjoyed doing tricks for treats.
As I got older,
I liked carrying big sticks around
as well as jumping through the air
and diving into water.
The water felt great.
Chasing tennis balls was great exercise!
But even at an older age,
I still enjoyed sleeping the most.

To Kill a Mockingbird
Scout Finch is a happy little girl in Maycomb, Alabama.
Scout enjoys playing with her brother Jem and her best friend Dill.
The three friends like to play around the spooky house named the Radley Place.
Boo Radley doesn't like to leave his house, but he leaves gifts outside for the children.
Scout’s dad Atticus is a lawyer who has to stand up for Tom who is charged with an awful crime.
The people in town all think Tom is guilty and don’t like that Atticus is helping him.
Atticus proves that Tom is innocent and that the real criminal is the plaintiff’s father Bob Ewell.
The jury still does not believe Atticus and Tom goes to jail.
Mr. Ewell is mad that Atticus humiliated him, so he tries to hurt Scout and Jem.
Boo Radley comes to their rescue.
Scout learns a valuable lesson in respecting people that are not the same as her.

Bacteria
Bacteria
Bacteria are the most simple creatures alive.
Bacteria grow on your hands, your food, and almost everywhere else.
Bacteria can even grow inside your intestines.
Bacteria are very small, they can only be seen through a microscope.
Some types of bacteria can make you sick.
Washing your hands with soap and water can help protect you from getting sick from bacteria.
But not all types of bacteria are bad.
Some bacteria can be used to make yogurt.
Scientist use other types of bacteria to make medicine.
Bacteria also live in our bodies to help people digest food.
Bacteria can live in very extreme conditions.
The are thousands of different types of bacteria.
Without bacteria, people and animals would not be able to live!

Table Tennis
Table Tennis is a sport that was invented in England in the 1880's.  It is also known as Ping Pong.
Here is the table you play on.  It looks like a mini tennis court.
Here are some people playing in a tournament.
Table Tennis is even in the Olympics.
You can even play by yourself by moving one side of the table up.
Forrest Gump was a really good player!
But the best player in the world is Zhang Yining.
This is what the game equipment used to look like.
The sport has come a long way and is really fun!

Flat Stanley
There once was a little boy named Flat Stanley.
He's flat because his bulletin board fell on him in the middle of the night.
He was sad at first, but he likes being flat because he can be mailed to friends.
Stanley is off to China to see his friend.
Doesn't his friend look excited to see him!
Stanley travels a lot now that he is flat and he is about to go to the moon.
Here is Flat Stanley on the moon!
Here is Stanley at Stonehenge in England.
Flat Stanley can even be flown like a kite.
Stanley got to hang out with the President too!
The End!

The Water Cycle
The Water Cycle.
All of the water on Earth has been around for as long as the earth has.
The water you drink has been around for millions of years.
Water is recycled in the water cycle.
Evaporation is when the sun heats up water from oceans, lakes, and rivers.
This water turns into steam and rises into the sky.
The water then cools down in the sky and forms clouds.
This is called condensation.
Condensation of clouds is the same as water on the outside of a drink.
Rain, snow, and hail fall from the clouds in the sky.
This is called precipitation.
After precipitation, water flows into streams, rivers, lakes, and oceans.
This is called collection.
The cycle is now ready to start again!
The water cycle is essential for life on Earth!

The Atmosphere
The Atmosphere
The Earth is surrounded by a layer of air, held by the Earth's gravity.
Without the atmosphere there would be no air to breath.
And no wind, rain, or snow.
The atmosphere protects the earth from getting too hot.
And protects the Earth from getting too cold.
The atmosphere protects us from dangerous light from the sun.
Without the atmosphere there would be no life on Earth.
The atmosphere is made up of four different layers.
We live in the Troposphere.
The clouds and satellites are in the other layers of the atmosphere.
Without the atmosphere the Earth would be a terrible place to live!

Continental Drift and Plate Tectonics
Continental Drift and Plate Tectonics
The continents and oceans of the earth are separated into pieces called plates.
The plates move around and bump into each other like bumper cars.
The plates move very, very slowly though.
The North American Plate moves only about 1 cm per year.
The continents were all joined together 200 million years ago to form one continent called "Pangea."
The continents have drifted to where they are today.
This is called "Continental Drift."
When two plates run into each other they form mountains.
It also causes volcanoes and earthquakes.
When two plates move apart they form oceans.
Scientists call the movement of plate "Plate Tectonics."
Plate tectonics explains the shapes on the surface of the Earth.

The Adventures of Tom Sawyer
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer. 

Written by: Mark Twain
Tom lived with his Aunt Polly and half brother Sid.
Tom's best friend was named Huck Finn.
Tom and Huck went to a graveyard. While there, they saw Indian Joe kill Dr. Robinson.
Tom and Huck run away and promise to never tell anyone.
Indian Joe tells the police that the lazy Mr. Potter killed Dr. Robinson.
Tom goes to court to tell everyone Indian Joe killed Dr. Robinson.
Indian Joe jumped out of the window before he was taken to jail.
Later on, Tom and Huck decide to look for treasure.
The boys find out that Indian Joe was in a costume and had the treasure.
Tom and Huck spy on Indian Joe and get his secret plans.
Huck warns the town about Indian Joe, but he runs away again.
Indian Joe runs to a cave and dies without food.
The town celebrates. Tom and Huck are heroes.

The Lost Colony
The Lost Colony
Queen Elizabeth I gave Sir Walter Raleigh money to start a new colony in America.
In the late 1500's, Sir Walter Raleigh established a permanent English settlement called Roanoke Colony.
Roanoke Colony was established in present day North Carolina on Roanoke Island.
The first baby born to English parents in America, Virginia Dare, was born here.
Everything was going great for Roanoke Colony.
But during the Anglo-Spanish War, something terrible happened.
Everyone in the Roanoke Colony disappeared.
That is how the Roanoke Colony became know as the "Lost Colony"
The only thing left behind was the word "croatan" carved into a tree.
Some historians think the colony joined nearby tribes.
Even today know one knows what happened to the people in the Roanoke Colony.
What really happened to the Lost Colony may never be known.

"Afternoon on a Hill" by Edna St. Vincent Millay
I will be the gladdest thing
Under the sun!
I will touch a hundred flowers
And not pick one
I will look at cliffs and clouds
With quiet eyes
Watch the wind bow down the grass,
And the grass rise.
And when lights begin to show
Up from the town
I will mark which must be mine,
And then start down!

"Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening" by Robert Frost
Whose woods these are I think I know.
His house is in the village though
He will not see me stopping here
To watch his woods fill up with snow.
My little horse must think it queer
To stop without a farmhouse near
Between the woods and frozen lake
The darkest evening of the year
He gives his harness bells a shake
To ask if there is some mistake.
The only other sound's the sweep
of easy wind and downy flake
The woods are lovely, dark and deep.
But I have promises to keep,
And miles to go before I sleep,
And miles to go before I sleep.

"Autumn" by Emily Dickinson
The morns are meeker than they were,
The nuts are getting brown;
The berry's cheek is plumper,
The rose is out of town.
The maple wears a gayer scarf,
The field a scarlet gown.
Lest I should be old-fashioned,
I'll put a trinket on.

"Weather" by Eve Merriam
Dot a dot dot dot a dot dot
Spotting the windowpane.
Spack a spack speck flick a flack fleck
Freckling the windowpane.
A spatter a scatter a wet cat a clatter
A splatter a rumble outside.
Umbrella umbrella umbrella umbrella
Bumbershoot barrel of rain.
Slosh a galosh slosh a galosh
Slither and slather a glide
A puddle a jump a puddle a jump
A puddle a jump puddle splosh
A juddle a pump a luddle a dump
A pudmuddle jump in and slide!

Getting Ready for Track and Field.
We arrive at the stadium to practice for the Track and Field Special Olympics.
We go to the coach and listen to instructions.
We have to wait for our turn to practice.
We stay together with our class. We don't run away!
We are ready to listen to the coach and we have to stretch our muscles.
Our coach tells us where to line up at the starting line.
On your mark. Get set. Go!
We try our very best to run to the finish line.
Some atheletes will be in wheelchairs.
But, we all still try to do our very best.
For the long jump we will run up to the edge of the sand and.....
Jump! We jump! We land in the sand.
There will be a lot of athletes there.
Our friends and family will be watching.
Our coach is watching too.
We will do our best!

"Loveliest of Trees" by A.E. Houseman
"Loveliest of trees, the cherry now
Is hung with bloom along the bough,
And stands about the woodland ride
Wearing white for Eastertide.
Now, of my threescore years and ten,
Twenty will not come again,
And take from seventy springs a score,
It only leaves me fifty more.
And since to look at things in bloom
50 springs are little room,
About the woodlands I will go
To see the cherry hung with snow.

Camping in Style
Here is the VW Transporter T5 Doubleback.  It is the ultimate camping vehicle!
As you can see, this is no ordinary van.
The back slides out and the roof raises up.
It expands into a full on camper with room for the family.
You can park it by the ocean or by the lake.
It even has a bed in the back. (Pillows not included)
The inside is very spacious with seating for six people.
You can even cook in the van!
It also has a sink.
The VW Transporter T5 Doubleback, what an awesome van!

Feelings
You are happy.
You are sad.
You are scared.
You are excited.
You are angry.
You are silly!
You are sick.
You are mean.

Winnie the Pooh
Winnie the Pooh is a bear.
Piglet is his friend.
Winnie the Pooh is a bear.
He likes to eat honey.
Winnie the Pooh is a bear.
Eeyore is his friend.
Winnie the Pooh is a bear.
He lives in the Wood.
Winnie the Poor is a bear.
Tigger is his friend.
Winnie the Pooh is a bear.
He likes balloons.
Winnie the Pooh is a bear.
Kanga and Roo are his friends.
I love Winnie the Pooh.

The Monday Life
The Monday Life.
Founded by Joey McMahon.
It is a non-profit organization.
He created it out of his bedroom.
By donating one dollar every Monday,
you can help children in hospitals
receive special treatment
and enhance the hospital environment.
With IPads.
and musical therapy.
To offer inspiration.
And help children heal.

Los Angeles Lakers
The Los Angeles Lakers organizations is one of the best NBA franchises.
They have won sixteen championships as a franchise.
Ranked as the most valuable NBA franchise.
The Lakers have one of the largest fan bases.
The Staples Center hosts the Lakers home games.
The starting point guard is Ramon Sessions.
Kobe Bryant is the starting shooting guard.
The small forward is Ron Artest also known as Metta World Peace.
Pau Gasol is a skilled power forward.
Andrew Bynums starts as the center.
Mike Brown is the new head coach.
Kobe Bryant is seen as the veteran leader.
Some of the NBA's greatest have played for the Lakers.

My Best Friend "Hope"
I have a dog  named Hope.
He is small and happy.
I like to play  catch with him.
He would sleep in my bed at night with me.
My dog likes to run to school after me.
Hope always sat at the front yard waiting for me to be back from school.
Hope loves to play hide and seek with us.
Some times he would chase  other dogs and try to bite them.

I am sleeping
The girl is sleeping.
The dog is asleep.
The baby is asleep.
The woman is asleep.
The boys are asleep.
The cat is asleep.
The boy is asleep.

Strangest Museums in the USA
We are taking a tour of the strangest museums in the USA.
Welcome to the Pencil Sharpener Museum.
This is a Woody pencil sharpener.
Welcome to the International Towing and Recovery Museum.
This is an old tow truck.
Welcome to the Giant Shoe museum.
Can you find the person who fits this shoe?
Welcome to the Plumbing Museum.
Welcome to the Trash Museum.
This dinosaur is made of trash. He looks pretty unique.
Welcome to the Ventriliquist Museum.
Welcome to the Spam Museum.
I like spam.
Welcome to the Jell-o Museum.
There are lots of flavors.

Computer Functions
Functions of a computer.
Your computer can perform many tasks including:
Typing papers and documents for class or work.
You can also store information into databases.
You can save pictures, documents, and other files.
You can even play solitaire.
Online video games are popular to play.
Browsing the internet for information.
Many people use social networking sites on the internet.
You can read newspapers and books online.
The internet is used for online shopping.
You can video chat with your friends across the globe.
These are just a few functions of computers.

The Civil War
The Civil War started because the North and South could not agree.
The South wanted to own slaves to work on plantations.
The North did not want slaves because they thought owning slaves was wrong.
The Southern states left the United States and called themselves the Confederacy.
They made their own flag and elected their own president.
The President of the Confederacy was Jefferson Davis.
The Northern states were called the Union.
Abraham Lincoln was the President of the North.
The Civil War began in April 1861.
Robert E. Lee was the General of the Confederate Army.
Ulysses S. Grant was the General of the Union Army.
The armies fought with lots of weapons, like canons
and guns.
Over one million people died during the Civil War.
General Robert E. Lee surrendered to General Ulysses S. Grant at the Appomattox Courthouse on April 9, 1965.
Slavery was made illegal in the United States!

The Seven Wonders of the Ancient World
The Seven Wonders of the Ancient World
The Pyramids of Giza are located in Egypt.
The Hanging Gardens of Babylon were destroyed by an earthquake.
The Temple of Artemis was dedicated to a Greek Godess, but it was destroyed by a fire.
The Statue of Zeus was built at the original site of the olympic games.
The Colossus of Rhodes welcomed people into the harbor and was over 100 feet tall.
The Lighthouse of Alexandria is thought to be at the bottom of the sea today.
The Maussolleion at Halicarnassus was a tomb build for a king of the Persian Empire.
Today, the Pyramids are the only ancient wonder that remain standing.

Springtime in Iowa
Springtime in Iowa by Kathy Davis' Class
When Spring comes to Iowa, everything turns green!
When Spring comes to Iowa, the tulips and the daffodils bloom.
When Spring comes to Iowa, the flowering trees are pretty.
When Spring comes to Iowa, the robins come back.
When Spring Comes to Iowa, the birds sing a song to wake us up in the morning.
When Spring comes to Iowa, the BUGS come back.
When Spring Comes to Iowa, we have a lot of sunny days.
When Spring comes to Iowa, we have some rainy days.
When Spring comes to Iowa, the farmers plant their crops.
When Spring comes to Iowa, we can ride our bikes outside again!
When Spring comes to Iowa, we love it!

Life Then and Now
Life long ago was different from today.
There were no showers, and baths were taken once a week.
Today we can shower everyday!
There were no textbooks. Students made their own textbooks by writing on blank notebooks. Today we have textbooks.
They used bird feathers dipped in ink to write with.
Today we write with pencils and pens.
Boys and girls worked on farms all day.
Today we go to school and learn and have fun all day.

Letter C
C is for cotton candy.
C is for canary.
C is for crayons.
C is for coat.
C is for Coca-Cola.
C is for coconut.
C is for cotton balls.
C is for cranberries.
C is for corn.
C is for caterpillar.
C is for chicken.
C is for cape.
C is for clouds.
The end.

How we use computers
I use computers to type.
I use computers to write letters.
We do multiplication.com to learn multiplying.
We go on Successmaker Math to learn adding, subtracting, multiplication, and division.
I use the Smartboard to practice reading.
I also use the computers to learn on Tarheel Reader.
I use the computers to write my good ideas.
I use the computers to learn on Starfall.com.
I use computers to type letters.
We play math baseball.
I type on computers.
I play on Bailey's Bookhouse.
I like to play on Brainpop.
I type books  on Tarheel Reader.

My Life as a Cat
Hi my name is Banshee.
I love to sleep...
and sleep some more.
I wake up to eat kitty food.
I play on things that I shouldn't.
Go long boarding with my mom.
I find spiders that are hiding and eat them!
Then I take a cat nap.
And maybe ride around some more.
But, I mostly love to sleep!
The End. B F F

Justin Beiber
Justin Beiber works as a singer and performer.
Justin Beiber is a good dancer.
He sings the song "Baby, Baby, Baby!".
Everybody loves his CD's.
People go to his concerts.
Justin Beiber is famous.

March Is...
March is...
March is leprechauns.
March is St. Patrick's Day.
March is warmer weather.
March is shamrocks.
March is pretty.
March is sunny.
March is flowers.
March is windy.
March is spring!

Colors of Spring
Here are some tropical flowers in spring colors.
A walk in the park on an afternoon in May.
These yellow tulips look like sunshine after the rain.
Here are some water blossoms.
Spring is arriving in light pink.
Do you like your daisies sunny side up?
A beautiful blue Dutch iris.
You will be tickled pink along this path.
Spring begins to bud into flowers.
Bright pink tulips.
April showers bring May flowers.
White sets the stage for the purple flower.
A bright orange rose.
Blossoms against a bright blue sky.
Colors as far as the eye can see.
A white rose as pure as the very first snowfall.

Colors of Summer
Girls hiding under a rainbow.
A giant sunflower.
Summer fun at the beach.
The green grass of summer.
A fresh cool waterfall.
Licking a lollipop.
The greens of summer dew.
A vivid red sunset.
Red and pink flowers.
Going for a swim in the blue water.
A butterfly resting on purple flowers.
The blues of summer.
A bee resting on a yellow flower.
A beetle likes the purple flower.

Colors of Autumn
The leaf is changing colors.
I go for a walk.
Lots of orange.
See the reflection on the lake.
The leaves are almost gone.
It looks like the trees are on fire.
You can jump in the leaves.
The greens of summer are fading.
A few leaves are hanging around.
Autumn is a rainbow of colors.
The trees are beginning to change.
Halloween is in October.
The duck is enjoying the day.
It begins to turn cool in Autumn.

What Do You See?
Owl Owl, what do you see? I see a hamster looking at me.
Hamster Hamster, what do you see? I see a kitten looking at me.
Kitten Kitten, what do you see? I see a puppy looking at me.
Puppy Puppy, what do you see? I see a fox looking at me.
Fox Fox, what do you see? I see a horse looking at me.
Horse Horse, what do you see? I see a tiger looking at me.
Tiger Tiger, what do you see? I see a hippo looking at me.
Hippo Hippo, what do you see? I see a lion looking at me.
Lion Lion, what do you see? I see a monkey looking at me.
Monkey Monkey, what do you see? I see an eagle looking at me.
Eagle Eagle, what do you see? I see many animals far below me.

Three Elements
Three elements we need are Hydrogen, Sodium, and Magnesium.
Hydrogen!
Henry Cavendish of France discovered Hydrogen in the 1700's.
Hydrogen is a gas.
The symbol is H.
The atomic number is 1.
The human body needs Hydrogen.
We get Hydrogen from water.
Sodium!
Sir Humphry Davy of England discovered Sodium in the 1800's.
Sodium is a metal.
The symbol is Na.
The atomic number is 11.
The brain needs Sodium.
Sodium is in salt.
Magnesium!
Sir Humphry Davy of England discovered Magnesium in the 1800's.
Antoine Bussy of France studied Magnesium in the 1800's.
Magnesium is a metal.
The symbol is Mg.
The atomic number is 12.
The human body needs Magnesium.
Magnesium is in broccoli.
We need elements!

The Cheeseburger Adventure
One day I was safe in my cabin from a big snow storm.
I was eating a cheeseburger as it was snowing.
After
the snow storm, the entire town was covered in
white.
Meanwhile, my dog stole my cheeseburger and
ran into the snow.
An eagle dropped a fish on my
cheeseburger.
I went chasing after my cheeseburger.
Then I found a lone skier and told him to chase after
my cheeseburger.
I asked for help and people said,
"Yes."
The skier found the cheeseburger and skied
away.
I got on my snowboard and chased after the
skier.
Another snowboarder grabbed my 
cheeseburger from the skier.
The snowboarders
keep trying to steal my cheeseburger from each
other.
I finally decided to abandon my cheeseburger
and buy a new one.
With the cheeseburger, I got some
hot chocolate to relax in my cabin.
I sat next to the
warm fire and watched a cheeseburger commercial.

Amazing sharks
That great white shark does not look that white from far away.
A great white at the surface.
Smile for the camera!
Mouth of a great white shark.
That looks weird!
Splash!

Go
You go to the school.
You go to the park.
You go to the shop.
You go to the pool.
You go to the doctor.
You go home.

In My Pocket
In my pocket,
is a coin.
In my pocket,
is some gum.
In my pocket,
is some Lego.
In my pocket,
is my iPod.
In my pocket,
is a note.
And sometimes,
I put my hands in my pocket too.

Big Dan the Clock Man
Big Ben is a famous clock in London, England.
These clocks are on a pole.
This clock is on a table.
We can see some clocks at night.
This clock is in front of a skyscraper.
Oxidation has caused this old clock to turn green.
Many old clocks featured pendulums.
Some people use digital alarm clocks.
No clock is more accurate than an atomic clock, says Big Dan the Clock Man!

Look Outside
Look Outside and what do you see?
I See the Sun Shining for Me.
I see the Flowers Blooming for Me.
I see a BumbleBee Buzzing for Me.
I see the Moon shining down on Me.
I see a Boy Blowing Bubbles for Me.
I see the Rain pouring down on Me.
I see a Boy Sliding down a Slide for Me.
Look out the Window Tell Me. 
What do you See?

Frederick Douglass
Fredrick Douglas was born as a slave on February 7, 1817 near Easton, Maryland.
He learned to read and write from the wife of the man he worked for.
He lectured agaist slavery in the U.S and in Great Britain. He also held government jobs.
Douglass became a great leader of the abolitionist movement and an adviser to President Abraham Lincoln.
Frederick Douglass was a great speaker and writer who fought against slavery and for women's rights.
He died February 20, 1895 after a long illness.

Puppies
This puppy is sad.
These puppies  are sleeping.
This puppy is cute.
This puppy is silly.
These dogs are taking a bath.
This puppy is asleep.
These puppies are newborn.
These puppies are sleeping.
These dogs are begging.
This puppy is sitting.

Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift is a pop star.
Taylor Swift sings at a lot of concerts.
She wears great dresses too.
Taylor Swift wins a lot of awards.
Taylor Swift works hard on her songs.
Taylor Swift is pretty too.
She uses a lot of different guitars.
Taylor Swift is awesome!

Sunset
This is a picture of a sunset. The ocean around it. The clouds are almost blue.
A bridge is this picture I'm showing you. Can I ask you a qestion? Do you think it is true that this picture is beatiful?
Can you see, can you see?
This is a picture of a light house. It is surrouned by a sunset.
Do you think this is a plant? It might be!
A bottle can you see?
How do you like my picture? It is good

Ninjago warriors
This is the vipers hidehout.
This is Zane's golden suit. He is ice.
This is the serpent's kingdom.
This is the skeleton's monster truck.
This is kai's motorcycle.
This is Zane's sword feathers.
This is a dojo.

Dolphins
Dolphins are mammals.
I like dolphins.
They are friendly.
They can help you swim.
They like to play.
You can swim with them.
When you go on a boat you can see them.

Jackie Robinson
Jackie Robinson was born in Cairo, Georgia on January 31, 1919.
Jackie was a fierce competitor and hated to lose.
He went to the University of California-Los Angeles and was drafted into the Army.
He was the first African-American to play Major League Baseball and be in the Baseball Hall of Fame.
He died of a heart attack on October 24, 1972. He was 53 years old.
He helped make it possible for other African -Americans to play in Major League Sports.

Barack Obama
Barack Obama was born in Hawaii on August 4, 1961.
As a boy, Barack Obama lived in Hawaii and in Indonesia with his mother.
He graduated from Columbia University in 1983 and Harverd Law school in 1991.
He became the first African American president on November 4, 2009.
Barack Obama is still alive and is living in the White House.
Barack Obama has given hope to all people that you can accomplish anything with hard work.

St. Davids Day in Wales
Happy St. David's Day!
St. David's Day is March 1.
St. David is the patron saint of Wales.
His symbol is the daffodil.
St. David's Day is a day to celebrate Welsh culture...
including Welsh music!
There are parades in Wales on St. David's Day.
Choirs sing old Welsh songs.
Welsh cookies are delicious!
Three symbols of Wales are the  daffodil, flag, and leek.
Welsh traditional dancers join the party.
There's another Welsh flag.
Parades are great fun.
At our school, we celebrated by wearing red.
Happy St. David's Day!

Party Food
It is a biscuit. Yum!
It is a donut. Yum!
It is an icecream. Yum!
It is a lollipop. Yum!
It is a milkshake. Yum!
It is a chocolate. Yum!
It is a cupcake. Yum!
It is a cake. Yum!
It is a party. Yum!

How to Read a Book
Choose the right book for you.
Next you preview the cover of the book.
Then take a picture walk thinking about what you will read.
Make predictions of what you think will happen.
Read your book and focus on your predictions.
Check your predictions and make new ones.
After your reading, think about what you just read.
Talk about the book and retell your story.
Answer your questions and complete your reading follow-up to show you understand the story.
Share good and interesting books with friends!

Reasons to Recycle
Recycling is good.
It helps us to keep the earth clean.
We recycle at school.
We recycle paper and plastic.
Old things can be reused or fixed...
or turned into something new.
Recycling can help us alot.

Dylan - Making Otimus Prime
Materials: You will need legos, instruction book, and a place to work.
First, clear work area, lay all materials on the floor.
Next, I followed the instructions and started to build optmus prime.
Then, I continued to follow the steps to finish optmus prime.
After that, I continued to look for more parts to finish optmis prime.
Finally, I finished optimis prime and cleaned work area.

Bianka - Making a Sandwich
Materials: You will need bread, ham, mayo and cheese.
First, get bread.
Next, put mayo on bread.
Then, put ham on bread.
After that, put cheese on ham.
Finally, eat the sandwich.

The Leprechaun's Gold
The Leprechaun's Gold
Leprechauns live in a tree.
Leprechauns sleep on top
of their hats.
The leprechaun was walking in the woods.
The leprechaun was dancing on the path.
The leprechaun
saw some gold!
He grabbed the gold and ran off.
He
celebrated St. Patty's day with his gold.

Sweet Beet
This is a sweet beet.
What does frosting, ketchup, peanut butter, and syrup have in common?
The common ingredient is sugar.
Sugar comes from sugarcane.
Sugarcane is a warm weather plant that grows in tall stalks.
For hundreds of years, sugarcane was the main source of sugar.
But in the late 1700s, a German chemist discovered that you could extract sugar from beets.
Today more than half of all sugar produced in the United States comes from a sweet beet plant.
Unlike sugarcane, sweet beets grow well in both warm and cold climates.
Both California and North Dakota are among the states where sweet beets thrive.
Farmers plant sweet beets in the early spring.
The plant starts out as a seed smaller than a grain of rice.
The sweet beet can weigh up to five pounds.
20 to 30 weeks after planting,the farmers harvest the sweet beets.
First a machine called a rotobeater cuts the leaves off the plants.
Next a sweet beet lifter yanks the roots out of the ground and dumps them into a truck.
The sweet beet is taken to a factory and processed into sugar.
It is used to make molasses.
It is used to make medicine.
It is even used to make shoe polish.
The plant leaves are left on the ground to enrich the soil.
The leaves are also used to feed livestock.
Thousands of workers are hired each year to help farm this important crop.

Music!
This is Lil Wayne. He is a great rapper.
This is Waka Flocka Flame. He is my favorite rapper.
This is Eminem. He is one of the best rappers of all time. (in my opinion)
This is Adele. "Set Fire To The Rain" is my favorite song by her!
This is Papa Roach! They are a very good band.
This is Soulja Boy. He is an amazing singer.
This is Trilville. They are a very good group.
This is 50 cent. He was my favorite rapper when I was little.
This is R kelly. He is a great singer!!
This is Travis Porter. He has a bunch of good songs.

Jash's WWE book
He is in a sleeper hold.
Jash thinks he looks silly.
She is going to pump some iron.
He is showing his muscle.
Jash says he always loses.
Jon Cena is ready.
Triple H and Cena go wild.
Matt Harding is good!
Bobby is great!
He is standing on the ropes.
Senor Punk is ready....!
Randy Orton won a belt.
This is triple H!!
It is Steve Austin versus the Undertaker.
I'm the Undertaker!
TAKE DOWN!

Evan's Book
A volcano is formed when the rock cracks and has a way for the hot magma to come out of the top.
Volcano's are hot with magma and is made out of rock.
An architect is someone who designs buildings.
I wonder who makes these buildings.
A risk is to expose yourself to danger.
This man is a risk taker.

Polar Bears
The polar bear lives in the Arctic.
The fur of the polar bear is not always white.
The polar bear's fur is clear and hollow.
This helps the polar bear dry off faster.
This is what the fur looks like close up.
The fur makes the bear hard to see in the snow.
The fur of the polar bear is warmer than any other animal.
A baby polar bear is called a cub.
The baby polar bear stays with its mother for two and a half years.
The polar bear can weigh 1,000 pounds.
The polar bear can stand nine feet tall.
The polar bear's feet are padded with fur.
Polar bears also have special wide paws that help them swim well.
Polar bears are excellent swimmers.
Polar bears mostly eat seals.
Did you know that underneath all that white fur, a polar bear’s skin is a dark blue-black color?
It’s true! This special blue-black skin helps them to absorb the warm light of the sun.
The end.

70s films
My name is Jonathan and I like 70`s films like: 'The Godfather'
'Jaws'
'Star Wars'
'Pinocchio'
'The Rocky horror Show'
'Rocky'

African Animals
African Animals
Zebras live in Africa.
Lions live in Africa.
Cheetahs live in Africa.
Tigers live in Africa.
Monkeys live in Africa.
Giraffes live in Africa.
Parrots live in Africa.
Elephants live in Africa.
Gorillas live in Africa.
Hippopotamuses live in Africa.
Camels live in Africa.
What else lives in Africa?

Colors of the Rainbow
Colors of the rainbow.
We remember the rainbow colors by ROY G BIV
"R" is for RED.
"O" is for ORANGE.
"Y" is for YELLOW.
"G" is for GREEN.
"B" is for BLUE.
"I" is for INDIGO.
"V" is for VIOLET.
We remember be the rainbow colors by Roy G Biv

DAVID`s Book on Elvis
Elvis Presley
A picture of Elvis
Elvis was a good singer.
Here he is wearing a shirt
I liked his clothes
and his rocking shoes.
Elvis and Johnny Cash
The Three Elvi
He died in 1977...
...but he will always be he king of Rock n' Roll.

Brian Parr's 80's Music
My favorite song by Whitney Houston is 'I Will Always Love You.'
George Michael was in a pop group called Wham.
'True Blue' is my favorite song by Madonna.
Michael Jackson was born in 1958 and died in 2009.
Boy George wears makeup.
Annie Lennox was in the Eurythmics.
Queen made some amazing songs.
I love 80s music.

Christopher Columbus
Christopher Columbus was an explorer.
King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella gave Christopher Columbus 3 ships.
He started his voyage in Spain.
He got 3 ships named the Nina, the Pinta and the Santa Maria.
He looked for gold.
He looked for a shorter path to India
He accidentally discoverd America.

Stevens book on Fred Dibnah
This is Fred Dibnah
His job was  steeple jacking
His other passion was steam engines
His house in Bolton
Plaque in Boston
Lego version of Fred
Statue of Fred
Front of the statue
Fred at work

Are You There God, It's Me Margret
Are You There God, It's Me Margret?
Margret moves to a new town, Farbrook, New Jersey.
Margret meets Nancy and they become friends.
Margret and Nancy go to school and start a club.
The girls in the club talk about boys, bras and their secrets.
One of the  biggest secret the girls share is when they get their periods.
Margret has her first kiss, too.
Margret is sad when she finds out Nancy has told other people about the girls' secret.
Margret's grandma is her best friend and helps her through it all.
Grandma tells Margret to tell the teachers Nancy is spreading rumors and their secrets.
The teachers help Margret and her friends. Nancy apologizes to the girls.
In the end, the club continues without Nancy.

Pandas
This is a giant panda.
Pandas live in the bamboo forest of China.
Pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo shoots and leaves.
Giant pandas weigh between 165 and 300 pounds.
Adults grow to 2 - 3 feet in height.
Pandas are known for their black and white fur.
Pandas do not hibernate.
Female pandas give birth to one or two cubs every two years.

I Brush My Teeth
I go into the bathroom.
I get my toothbrush and toothpaste.
I put toothpaste on my toothbrush.
I turn the water on to wet my toothbrush.
I brush my teeth back and forth and up and down.
I spit.
I brush some more.
I rinse my mouth with water.
I turn the water off.
My teeth are clean.

Easter Break in Georgia
My family is going to Georgia to visit our cousins.
I think I will get chocolate easter eggs.
I think I will get lots of chocolate bunnies.
Peeps are yummy!
My favorite part of Easter is going to a dark church.
I want to wear a beautiful Easter dress.
I love to get an Easter basket full of chocolate.
I can smell the chocolate hershey bars already.

Ocean Animals
What lives in the ocean?
A fish lives in the ocean.
An octopus lives in the ocean.
A shark lives in the ocean.
A whale lives in the ocean.
A dolphin lives in the ocean.
A jellyfish lives in the ocean.
What else lives in the ocean?

Penguins
Penguins
Penguins are birds, but they cannot fly.
Penguins live in cold places. Like Antarctica.
There are many types of penguins.
This is a Rockhopper Penguin. They dive from rocks and ice into the sea.
Penguins swim in the sea. They can swim really fast.
Penguins dive into the sea to catch their food. They eat fish.

Dolphins
There are 37 different kinds of dolphins.
Dolphins are gray...
...black and white,
and some
are pink!
Dolphins live in...
the ocean
But, some dolphins live in rivers.
Dolphins eat fish.
Look at all the fish for the dolphins!
Dolphins also eat squid...
and baby dolphins drink their mother’s milk.
Dolphins use echolocation which helps them talk to each other. Whistle, click, and squeak!
Dolphins are big! They can be five feet!
Dolphins can swim up to 30 miles an hour.
Dolphin skin is smooth and bare.
Female dolphins are called "cows".
Male dolphins are called bulls.
Baby dolphins are called calves.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
Dolphins have a blowhole on their head.
The blowhole helps them breathe.
Dolphins can live for 30 years.
Dolphins can do tricks!
Dolphins are friendly.
Dolphins are curious.
This dolphin is giving the dog a kiss!
People can swim with dolphins!
The End!

Wolves by Tiana
Wolves have sharp teeth.
Wolves like water.
Wolves live in dens.
Wolves have big eyes.
Wolf pups are small.
Some wolves are gray.
Some wolves get hurt by dogs.
Wolves look like big dogs.
Wolves are fierce.
Some wolves are white.
Baby wolves are cute.
Little wolves are fuzzy.
Wolves are incredible.

Mail Delivery
Mailmen pick up mail from mailboxes.
They sort the mail.
Mail can be delivered to fancy mailboxes.
Mail is taken to businesses.
Apartment buildings get mail.
Businesses can deliver mail to room numbers.
Some mail is delivered alphabetically into mail slots.
People are usually happy to get mail.

A Wedding
A WEDDING
Sometimes people decide to get married.
They might get married in a church.
They might get married outside.
When a couple gets married, they want to spend the rest of their lives together.
Sometimes the bride gets a fancy dress.
A Wedding is a happy event!

In
It is in the bucket.
It is in the bed.
It is in the bag.
It is in the sandpit.
It is in the garden.
It is in the kitchen.
It is in the bathroom.
It is in the car.

Valentine's Day
I love Valentine's Day!
You can eat a candy rainbow on Valentine's Day.
This guy is bringing a heart to his son for Valentine's Day.
These hearts in the sand mean love.
Valentine's Day is when we say I love you.
These 2 people are in love together.
We ate heart candies on Valentine's Day.
Robert likes the heart cake made with strawberry hearts. It tastes good.
Susi likes chocolate hearts. yum yum!
We love our family with all our heart!

Little Bear Learns to Fish
There was a little black bear who lived in a beautiful forest. He really wanted to know how to catch his own fish.
He was walking through the forest on a bright and sunny day and came across a peaceful lake.
The little bear spotted a heron with a delicious looking trout in his beak. He thought that fishing must be easy.
He was surprised to see a raccoon standing quietly waiting for a trout.  He thought that must be the trick to catching a fish.
A red fox was laughing about catching the biggest fish ever.
A mother bear was teaching her cubs to fish. The little black bear thought he should watch and learn what to do.
The little bear watched and was so happy he knew what to do.
Look at all of the fish.
Lunch is sooooo good.

The Weather Outside
Today it looks cloudy outside.
Today it looks rainy outside.
Today it looks snowy outside.
Today it looks sunny and clear outside.
Today it looks like a thunderstorm outside.
Today it looks cold outside.
Today it looks hot outside.

Monkeys
Monkeys like to play.
Monkeys like to climb.
Monkeys like to walk.
Monkeys like to help.
Monkeys like to be silly.
Monkeys like to peek.
Monkeys like to laugh.
Monkeys like to rest.

Things I Like At School
Things I Like At School
I like to play soccer at school.
I like to cook at school.
I like to going to the chickens at school.
I like to water the plants at school.
I like to play basketball at school.

Michael Jordan
Michael Jordan
Michael Jordan started his basketball career in North Carolina where he went to college and played for the Tar Heels.
From North Carolina he went onto Chicago where he played for the Bulls.
He was coached by Phil Jackson.
Michael became a legend and was known as "Air Jordan."
He was also known for sticking his tongue out when he slam dunked the ball.
Michael played on the same team as Scottie Pippen, Horace Grant, and BJ Armstrong to name a few.
He also played on the Dream Team.
Phil Jackson, along with Michael, led the Bulls to many victories and championships.
Michael wore many championship rings.
His number was 23 and it was seen around the world.
Michael's name was put on the Walk of Fame.
He had many talents and skills.
Everyone knew about Michael Jordan.
He was also in an animated movie called "Space Jam."
When he finally retired from basketball, he often times played golf as a hobby.

Fable #1
The Grasshopper and the Ants
This story takes place on a beautiful, summer day in a park full of flowers.
The grasshopper was playing music while the ants were working to get ready for the winter.
Summer came to an end and winter was here at the park.
Grasshopper was hungry and had no food for the winter. He asked the ants for food... they said, "NO!"
Moral: There is a time for work and a time for play.
What makes this story a fable?

Trees
Trees can be short.
Trees can be tall.
Trees can be prickly.
Trees can be leafy.
Trees can be colorful.

Hydrogen
Hydrogen
Hydrogen is an element.
Hydrogen is a gas.
Henry Cavendish of France discovered Hydrogen in the 1700's.
The symbol for Hydrogen is H.
The atomic number for Hydrogen is 1.
Hydrogen is the lightest element.
Hydrogen is used to fuel cars.
Hydrogen is in water.
We need water to live.
We need hydrogen to live.

Arizona
On February 14th, 2012, Arizona turned 100 years old.
We live in Bullhead City, Arizona.
The Grand Canyon is in Arizona.
Arizona is in the desert.
The desert is dry and hot.
The saguaro cactus can grow in Arizona.
The saguaro cactus flower is our state flower.
Lizards and rattlesnakes live in Arizona.

Friends in School
Ryan and Gabriel have been friends for a long time. Here they are playing ball together.
They are playing "Find It" together.
They are playing "House Craze" and "Mouse Maze" together.
They are playing with Play-Doh together.
They are playing with dinosaurs together.
They are playing Articulation Cards together.
They build a Domino tower together.
Speech is done. It's time to get their folders.
They are putting stickers on their folders.
They are leaving Mrs. Ward's speech room.
Bye, Mrs. Ward! We're going back to class.

Our Polygon Book
Our Polygon Book!
Our world is made of many polygons.
A polygon is a flat sided, closed figure that has straight lines.
A triangle has 3 sides with 3 points and is flat.
A quadrilateral has 4 sides with 4 points.
A pentagon has 5 sides and 5 points.
A hexagon has 6 sides and 6 points.
An octagon has 8 sides and 8 points.
A decagon has 10 sides and 10 points.
Here are some pictures of polygons.
Polygons
Polygons
Polygons
Polygons
Polygons
Polygons
Polygons

Endangered Animals
There are many endangered animals in our world that need to be protected.
One endangered animal is the Bengal Tiger. It lives in Asia.
The Blue Whale is also endangered.  It is the biggest animal on Earth.
Here is the Dama Gazelle.  The Dama Gazelles live in herds in Africa.  Many types of Gazelles are endangered.
The panda is one of the most well-known endangered animals. Both Giant Pandas and Red Pandas are endangered.
Sea turtles are endangered mainly because they get caught in fishermen's nets.
Chimpanzees are endangered because the forests where they live are being cut down for farmland.
African Elephants are also endangered. One reason is because they are hunted for their tusks to make ivory.
Cheetahs are the fastest land animals and are also endangered.
There are many things people can do to stop endangering animals.
One way is to stop cutting down animals' habitats.
Another way to protect animals from becoming endangered is to prohibit hunting.
Fishermen can protect animals by using nets that won't hurt whales or sea turtles.
There are many endangered animals in our world. But if all people come together, they can be protected!

My Dog, Jack
My Dog, Jack
My dog is a puppy. He is about 3 and a half months old.  He is fast and he plays with his toys like his ball.
He is awesome and I love him.  We play a lot. It is awesome that he is a boy.
We got him a month ago. It was a surprise from my mom.
One time I threw a toy and he got it and ran back with it.  We had a lot of fun. Then we played tag. He is almost as fast as me.

The Lost Gerbil
The Lost Gerbil, Gerbie
Once there was a gerbil named Gerbie.
One day, Gerbie got stolen by a monster. My next gerbil came to save him. He looked for him.
He got him back to the cage. But a monster came again and got my two gerbils, so I needed to go and get him.
It was in the monsters cage. I needed to go into the monster's cage. I needed to follow the foot steps.
I got my gerbils back. I ran and the monsters ran with me. I got back home and locked myself in my room.
But they got in. All they wanted was to have a friend.

Tarantulas
Tarantualas can be hard to see. They can look like bark on the tree.
Some tarantulas don't make webs. They catch insects by jumping on them.
A tarantula is the biggest spider in the world. It can be bigger than a persons hand.
Tarantulas have a lot of hair on their legs. They have eight eyes and eight legs.
The skin of a tarantula gets bigger. It crawls out of its old skin. Its new skin is very soft for a few days.

Verb...that's what's happening!
Can you RUN??
Then RUN is a verb!  
Can you DOOR?
Then DOOR is not a verb!
Can you READ?
Then READ is a verb!
Can you SMILE?
Then SMILE is a verb!
Can you FRUIT?
Then FRUIT is not a verb!
Can you SLEEP?
Then SLEEP is a verb!
A verb shows action...always ask yourself, can you do it?
Then its a VERB!

Happy Birthday,George Washington
Happy Birthday, George Washington!
Mount Vernon was George's home.
George's face is on Mt. Rushmore.
He has a bridge named after him.
This is a George Washington nutcracker.
He was a general in the army.
The Washington Monument is in Washington, DC.
The faces look funny and goofy.
This is the place where he is buried.
This is a statue of Washington.
George Washington's face is on the one dollar bill.
George is on a horse.
The monument is to remind people of George Washington.

The Train is....
The train is yellow.
The train is white.
The train is riding around a curve.
The train is red.
The train is long.
The train is brown.
The train is blue.
The gray train is going to Virginia Beach.
The old train will stay here.
The steam train is on the way to Norfolk.
There is wheat and beans inside this train car.
This train is traveling through the snow in Ohio.

A Visit to the Horse Farm
This is Pine Hollow. Pine Hollow is a horse farm.
There are many animals that live at Pine Hollow. This is Harley. She is a horse.
There are other horses at the farm. This is Blaze and Star. Sometimes they spend their time inside in a stall.
Some horses are very small. They are called miniature horses. This one is named Summer.
There are other animals at the horse farm like chickens.
Sometimes the farm helps raise abandoned baby animals. Sparky is a baby deer. Baby deer are called Fawns.
Pine Hollow raised Sparky until he could be released in the wild.
Another animal the farm has are goats. This is baby goat named Flower. Baby goats are called kids.
Petie is a steer. He is a large male cow. Don't let the horns scare you though! He's very gentle and loves kids.
The farm also grows their own tomatoes. They taste amazing! Bullseye the rabbit likes tomatoes too!
Star and Blaze hope you enjoyed visiting the farm! Come back soon!

My Day at the Zoo
My Day at the Zoo
As we walked into the zoo, a butterfly landed on my hand!
Two pretty, pink parrots welcomed us into the zoo.
There was a funny looking monkey that somewhat scared me.
The big lion let out a huge roar!
There were cheetahs that ran really fast!
A cute little pig was rolling in the mud.
The small monkeys tried to get out of the cage!
Three penguins put on a dance show for us!
The donkey was so silly!
My favorite part of the zoo was feeding the giraffes.
I think one of the zebras got out!

A Day at the Aquarium
My family took me to the Aquarium for my Birthday.
First I saw a yellow fish.
The second fish I saw was blue and green.
I saw a dolphin swimming.
We went to the whale show they had.
I saw real jellyfish.
Lastly, we went to see the shark!
My dad bought me a star-fish from the shop.
I wish I could live under the sea!
When we went home we ate birthday cake with an under the sea theme.
I will always remember the great time I had at the Aquarium.

My Country, My State, My City, My Community
We live in the United States of America!
The United States of America is a country.
A country is a large body of land with its own government or ruling power.
The USA consists of 50 states.
We live in New York state.
We love New York for many reasons!
New York has mountains.
New York has cities.
And New York has beaches.
The state flower of New York is the Rose.
The state tree of New York is the Sugar Maple.
The state animal is the Beaver.
The state bird of New York is the Eastern Bluebird.
The state fruit of New York is the Apple
The state bug of New York is the Nine Spotted Lady Bug.
New York is cold in the winter
and warm in the summer.
We live in the city of New York!
New York City has parks.
New York City has buildings
And New York City has lots of bridges.
We live in the community of Queens, New York.
Our community has lots of places we visit everyday.
Our Community, has our school.
Our community has our homes.
Our community has our apartments.
In our community we take class trips to the grocery store,
to the park
and to the pool.
We get to places in our community by buses,
by taxis,
by subways,
by driving,
or by walking.
We love New York
Because we all live in New York.
We love the United States.
Becuase we all live in the United States.

We Were Born This Way
People are born all different ways. Things you are born with are called inherited traits.
People are born with different colored eyes. Eyes can be blue, green, or brown.
Eye color is an inherited trait.
Some people have earlobes that are attached to their head, others don't.
Your ear lobes are an inherited trait.
Some people have dimples, some do not.
Dimples are an inherited trait.
Some people can make hands look like Vulcan fingers, others cannot.
Vulcan fingers are an inherited trait.
Other things you learn and are called learned behaviors.
Reading is a learned behavior.
Knowing how to ride a bike is a learned behavior.
Learning to dance is a learned behavior.
Learning to swim is a learned behavior.
People come in all different shapes and sizes. Some parts of us that make us unique we are born with; these are inherited traits.
Other things that make us unique we learned to do and are called learned behaviors. We are all unique!

Metra 2012
We rode the Metra.
We found our seats.
We got our tickets.
We relaxed.
We went for lunch.
We got our tickets again.
We had to find Track number 8.
We were going back to Mt. Prospect.
We found our seats again.
We relaxed again.
We had fun.

Kyle & The Bully
Kyle and the Bully by Shawn
One day a bully named Ned was picking on Kyle.
He threatened Kyle, but Kyle walked away laughing from the bully and his childish taunts.
Kyle went to his teacher for help. He was told that the bully would be punished.
The bully served after school, he was going to jump Kyle after he got out.
But he got caught, then got arrested. The bottomline is bullying never gets you anywhere and its bad.

Going to the Barber Shop
I am going to the barber shop.
I really need a haircut.
When I get there I will have to wait my turn. Sometimes I have to wait a long time.
First, I get my hair washed.
I like the way that the shampoo smells.
Next, I go and sit in the barber chair. I like how it swivels and goes up and down.
I have a favorite barber.
Sometimes he uses scissors.
They are very sharp.
Usually he uses clippers. This is my favorite part.
I like the way they feel on my head.
My barber can do all kinds of hairstyles.
I want designs.
I like to listen to all the stories that are being told.
Finally, I am done. It is time to pay. Don't forget to tip!
I am happy because I know that I look good!

Black History Month
This is the President and his Family.
Martin Luther King Jr.I Have a dream speech.
Martin Luther King Jr.
Jimmy Hendrix is such a cool dude.

Highway Ticket
Blue ticket.
Black and yellow ticket.
Wally has a ticket.
Orange ticket.

My Favorite Food
My favorite food is cookies. These cookies are red Christmas trees.
I like to eat pizza at Pizza Hut. My favorite kind of pizza is sausage.
Pop tarts are good too. I like to eat them hot.
These are Oreo cookies. I like holiday colors in the cookies.
Macaroni and cheese is yummy. I like to eat hot dogs with my macaroni and cheese.
The french fries and chicken at Popeye's is good. I like ketchup with my chicken.
I like to eat at Burger King. French fries and cheese burgers are my favorite.
Sometimes I eat hot dogs for supper. I put a lot of ketchup on them and mustard, too.
Cheese burgers and french fries are good with ketchup. I like ketchup, but it is not food.
Ice cream is one of my favorite desserts. I really enjoy oreo ice cream. I brought oreo ice cream to RCA for lunch.
I eat fried chicken a lot for dinner. I bring the leftovers for lunch.
I like chips with my lunch. My favorite kind are salty.
I like to eat spaghetti. The noodles are my favorite part.
I like sandwiches. I like to put turkey and cheese on them.
Cheese is yummy. I like it in macaroni. I also like string cheese.

Hawaii
Hawaii is called the “Aloha
State.” Aloha is a greeting
that means “love.”
The state flower is the
hibiscus. The flower is large,
with five or more petals in
white, pink, red, purple
or yellow.
Hawaii is a chain of islands
located in the middle of the
Pacific Ocean.
Hawaii’s weather is warm
and sunny all year long
because of its location in the
middle of the ocean.
The capital city of Hawaii
is Honolulu.
Hawaii also has volcanoes
that erupt throughout
the year.
Its tropical jungles are great
for exploring and seeing
diverse plants and animals
only found in Hawaii.
Liliuokalani was Hawaii’s last
queen. She was known for
her bravery and protecting
native Hawaiian’s rights.
Hundreds of types of exotic
fish surround the islands
of Hawaii.
Coffee, macadamia nuts,
pineapple and sugarcane are
all grown in Hawaii.
Popular TV shows like
Magnum P.I., Baywatch and
Lost have all been filmed
in Hawaii.
Hawaii’s abbreviation is HI.
Hawaii is a nice vacation getaway.

Arizona
We live in Bullhead City, Arizona.
Arizona turned 100 years old on Valentine's Day.
The Grand Canyon is in Arizona.
Arizona is in the desert.
The desert is hot, sandy, rocky, and dry.
Saguaro cacti grow in Arizona in the desert.
Saguaro cactus flowers are our state flower.
Phoenix is the biggest city in Arizona.

MEET ROSE
Meet Rose
Our adopted puffin Rose is a 32 year old female.
To date, Rose has had 7 chicks. Rose is the oldest puffin in North America.
A puffin is a bird. Puffins can fly.
Puffins have brightly colored beaks.
Puffins are black and white and lay eggs.
Puffins love to swim in cold water between 32 degrees and -68 degrees F.
Puffins are sometimes called sea parrots.
Puffins live in Maine.
Puffins mate under the water. Puffins stay in the water 7 months out of the year.
Atlantic puffins raise 1 chick per summer. After 5 weeks, puffin chicks leave the safety of their burrow.
Puffins had to leave their natural habitat, Eastern Egg Rock, because seagulls took over their territory.
Puffins were and still are becoming endangered species. Seagulls were killing puffins.
By 1901 there was only one pair of puffins left because all the others had been killed by hunters.
At the same time scientists hired the Matinicus Rock lighthouse keeper to keep the hunters away from the puffins.
Then the population of puffins increased.
In 1973, Dr. Stephen Kress began Project Puffin and his quest to bring the puffins back to Egg Rock from Newfoundland.
Presently there are 150 pairs of puffins who call Maine their home.
The puffin colonies have been restored and that's how we were able to adopt Rose.

Recycling
Coke bottles can be recycled.
You can make a funny man with recycled materials.
Recycling trucks help us recycle.
You should put coke cans in a recycling bin.
You can make a key chain out of a Mountain Dew can.

Queens, NY
We live in Queens.
We see the bridge.
We see the trains.
We see the houses.
We see the apartment buildings.
We see the streets.
We see Citi Field.

WWE
WWE stands for a wrestling company. Wrestlers practice for thousands of hours.
John cena does a move called the Attitude Adjustment.
Triple H he is seven feet tall.
Rey Mysterio does a move that is called  the 619. It really hurts.
Big Show is 500 pounds. When he jumps on people he sandwiches them.

Mr. Wimbley's class goes to Alabama
Mr. Wimbely's class goes to Alabama.
We went to different offices.
We went to the movies.
We went swimming.
We went skate boarding.
We stopped to eat a bite.
We went fishing.
We wound up in jail for not doing our homework.
We broke out of jail.
We went to a farm.
We went shopping.
We visited a cornfield.
We visited a cottenfield.
We went to the beach.
We went home.

Simba can talk to the monkey.
Simba can talk  to the monkey.
Scar was still up there.
Simba's father died. I am sorry Scar pushed him.











i
Simba and Nala are having fun.










































Simba and Nala
are g oing
  crazy.

A little about me
On holidays l stay home to play with my people.
I use the phone to call my mom
Monday is the family day holiday.
I'm going to be  safe.
I need help when my things fall apart.

I am a Hero
I will be a superhero and keep barrie safe
I will catch the bad guys.
They will go to jail.
My favourtie hero is me.
I keep people safe.

Animals play
Dogs run.
Cats jump.
Birds fly.
Rabbits hop.
Snakes slither.

Hypnosis
Hypnosis is the sub-concious mind playing tricks on you.
People are asleep under hypnosis.
Swirling spiral self-hypnosis.
Hypnosis in the olden days.
This is a pendulum used to induct people.
This is a lady talking about hypnosis.
This is hypnosis in action.

What I Do Every Morning
The alarm clock goes off...
First, I get out of the bed.
Then, I take a shower and get dressed.
Last, I brush my teeth.
Now it's time to go to school!

Irregular Plurals
Here is one fish.
Here are several fish.
Here is one deer.
Here are several deer.
Here is one sheep.
Here are several sheep.
Here is one moose.
Here are several moose.

Soda and Cheeseburgers
Coke is good.
This is a lot of soda.
This is a SwirL!
Cola wars.
This is coke under water.
This is so good.
This is so yummy.
This will tingle your taste-buds.
This is good.
This is so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so good!
Oh the meling cheese.
This is yummy Mc dummy.
Yummy!
So GOOD!
Cheese burgers

Vegetable Soup
What kind of soup should I make today?
I am going to make home made vegetable soup. I like lots of vegetables in my soup!
First I need a pot to put my vegetables in. I need a big pot for my soup, not the little one.
I like fresh garden carrots in my vegetable soup. They are a really nice orange colour.
Any kind of onions taste good in home made soup, white,red or green, onions.
Vegetable soup must have tomatoes in it. I grow tomatoes in my garden.
Sweet yellow corn tastes really good in soup. I cut it off the cob so it is little kernals of corn.
I only put small bits of celery in my soup because my husband doesn't like celery.
I like to add peppers to my soup. I can add any kind of peppers I have in the house, green, yellow, or red.
Green peas taste really good in soup too.
I grow green beans in my garden they taste delicious in vegetable soup.
Sometimes I like to put pasta or macaroni in my home made soup.
After my soup has simmered on the stove top for an hour it is ready to eat.
What vegetables do you like to eat?

Arizona
Arizona will turn 100 years old on February 14th, 2012.
We live in Bullhead City, Arizona.
Phoenix is the biggest city in Arizona and it's our capitol.
The Grand Canyon is in Arizona.
The desert is in Arizona.
The desert is dry and hot.
Saguaro cacti live in Arizona.
Our flower is the saguaro cactus flower.
Arizona is beautiful.

Making Malt-o-Meal
Get a bowl.
Pour 3 tablespoons of malt-o-meal in the bowl.
Pour in 2/3 cup of milk.
Microwave the malt-o-meal for one minute.
Stir it up.
Eat your oatmeal!

Action!
My name is Cara.
I run.
I jump.
I walk.
I read.
I go outside.

Person, Place, and Thing
Person,Place,and Thing
A cat is a thing.
New York City is a place.
A house is a thing
Workers are people.
A flower is a thing.
A teacher is a person.
A cupcake is a thing.
The Grand Canyon is a place.
Children are people.

Ganster, Soldier, Gun Mystery
Soldiers are at war with gangsters.
The soldiers are getting to the gangsters.
Slowly as the gangsters collect their guns.
Gangsters have all types of weapons.

Arizona
We live in Bullhead City.
Bullhead City is in Arizona.
The Grand Canyon is in Arizona.
The desert is in Arizona.
Our state flower is the Saguaro Cactus Flower.
Phoenix is our capitol.
The saguaro cactus is the biggest cactus in Arizona.
Our bird is the cactus wren.
We like to live in Arizona.

All About me
This is me, Byheem, Live Trice! I am 15 years old..
Here is a picture of my family.
My favorite brother is, Shife.
My favorite football team is the Dallas Cowboys.
One of my favorite foods to eat is fried chicken.
I also like lasagna.
When I am at home, I like to play NBA 2k12 on my X-Box 360.
During the summer, I like to go to Six Flags New England.
If I had one magic wish it would be to be tall like Kobe Bryant.
I want to go to Lincoln College in Southington.I want to study mortuary science.
After I graduate, I want to work as a funeral arranger.
As a funeral arranger I will meet with families to plan and coordinate a funeral.
I will have to coordinate a funeral with many businesses.
I will work with churches to make a special service.

Aladdin
Aladdin is a story about a boy. Genie is also in the story. Genie helps Aladdin with a magic lamp.
Genie lives in a lamp. Aladdin rubbed the lamp and the Genie came out.
Jafar is a bad guy. He wants to marry Princess Jasmine.
Princess Jasmine lives in a castle. She has a pet tiger. His name is Rha-jha.
Aladdin is a street rat. He steals food to eat.
Aladdin knows other Disney characters. They are all friends.
Aladdin and Jasmine go on a magic carpet ride. Aladdin and Jasmine fall in love.
Aladdin has a monkey. His name is Abu.
Aladdin and Genie are going on a boat ride with their friends. Mickey Mouse is driving the boat.
Aladdin and friends are going to the Magic Kingdom on the boat.  When they get there they will ride roller-coasters.

Beauty and the Beast
Beauty and the Beast
Belle
Lumiere
Beast
Chip
Mrs. Pots
Maurice
Cogsworth
Babette
Lafou
Monsieur d'arque
Madame De la Grande Bouche Wardrobe
Gaston

The Lion King
The Lion King
Simba
Pumba
Raffiki
Scar
Mufasa
Nala
Sirabi
Timmon

Princess and the Frog
Hi I'm the princess.
Hi I'm the frog, one day I'll be a prince.
And the princess and I will live in a beautiful castle happily ever after.
The End.

Animals We Like
Kalif likes zebras. Zebras  live in the zoo. Zebras have black and white stripes.
Iyanu likes cows. Cows live on a farm.  Cows give us milk.
Christian likes goats. Goats live on a farm. Goats eat grass.
Quamel likes birds. Birds lay eggs in their nest.  Birds fly.
Laquan likes jaguars. A jaguar lives in the jungle. He runs really fast.
Caillou likes pigs. Pigs live on a farm.  They play in the mud.
Donovan likes foxes. Foxes live in the forest. Foxes have fur.
Brandon likes chickens.  Chickens live on a farm. You can eat cooked chicken.

Washing My Hands
When my hands get dirty, I must wash them.
First, I need to turn on the water.
Next, I will put both of my hands in the water to get them wet.
Then, I will get soap on my hands.
I will rub my hands together, getting soap on the fronts, backs, and in between my fingers.
Now, I want to get all the soap off of my hands.  I will rinse the soap off with water.
Then, I will turn the water off.
To dry my hands, I will grab 1 paper towel.
I will use the paper towel to get all the water off of my hands.
When I am done with the paper towel, I need to throw it in the trash.
Finally, my hands are clean. I am happy.

Mrs. Stearns Sandcastle
How to build a sandcastle.
The materials you will need are a bucket and a shovel.
First you will need to find a sandy place.
Next you need to fill the bucket with sand.
Then dump the sand and shape it into a castle.
Finally, you have a wonderful, awesome sandcastle.

Cats on and off.
This cat is on the trolley.
This cat is off the couch.
This cat is on the boat.
This cat is off the floor.
This cat is on the stereo.

Simon Says
Simon Says
Close your eyes.
Raise your hands.
Open your mouth.
Stomp your feet.
Stand up.
Sit down.
Touch your nose.
Tap your elbow.

Peter Pan
Peter Pan lives in Never Never Land. Tinkerbell is his friend. Wendy learns to fly.
Wendy is Peter Pan's friend. She has two brothers named Michael and John.
Tinkerbell is a fairy. She has fairy dust that helps the kids fly to Never Never Land.
Captain Hook is a mean pirate who lives in Never Never land. He has a hook for a hand.
Peter Pan has many friends. Peter Pan invites them to play in Never Never land. They fly with Peter Pan.
I can see Peter Pan at Disneyland. I can also see his friend Tinkerbell.
Peter Pan saves Wendy from Captain Hook. He also saves Michael and John.
The crocodile tries to eat Captain Hook.  The crocodile ate his arm.
Captain Hook has many friends. Disneyland is where his friends live.
Peter Pan is also in a book and in a Disney memory game. I can watch the movie Peter Pan too.

Snow White
I like to watch Snow White. I like to eat popcorn while watching the movie. It is a funny movie.
Snow white is about a girl who is friends with 7 dwarfs. The dwarfs live together. Snow white eats a bad apple.
I like the 7 dwarfs. Their names are Happy, Grumpy, Dopey, Doc, Sneezy, Sleepy, and Bashful. My favorite dwarf is Doc. He is nice.
Snow White has many friends. Alice is Snow White's best friend. They like to go to parties together.
In the movie, there is a prince. At the end of the movie, he rescues Snow White.  He gives her a kiss to wake her up.
I like to see Disney characters. Aladdin and Popeye are friends with Snow White too.

Holidays
There are lots of holidays. My favorite is Halloween. I love to dress up in a costume. I want to be a cowboy this year.
It is fun to go trick or treating. I like to get candy. Yummy!
I like having birthday parties. I like to eat the cake. Friends come to my birthday party.
It is fun to carve pumpkins. I like to make happy-face pumpkins.
Another holiday I like is the 4th of July. The fireworks are very pretty. It is also fun to have picnics on the 4th of July.
On Christmas, Santa leaves presents under the tree. I like to watch the Nutcracker.
Thanksgiving is a time to eat lots of good food. I like pumpkin pie and turkey.
We decorate with pumpkins. We put them on the table.
I go trick or treating when it is dark outside. I like to go with my friends.
I like to eat skeleton cupcakes on Halloween. They taste very good.
This girl is wearing a cat costume. Maybe next year I will be a cat too.

Making Apple Juice
Our project started with an apple.
Then we decided to pick many apples.
Everyone helped out.
Next, all the apples had to be washed.
Then we weighed them.
So many apples!
The next day, we cut the apples into bite-sized pieces.
Once again, everyone helped.
Then we took turns processing the apples in batches.
The processed apples were then put in the apple press.
Then the juice started to be pressed out.
Ever so slowly the juice dripped out.
The juice was so fresh and sweet,
and tasted so good!

Shapes of Your World
Circle
Square
Triangle
Rectangle
Can you find the circles and squares?
Can you find the triangle?
Can you find the rectangles?

Sky Colors
Sky Colors
Ask/ Answer
Is the sky always the same color?
No, sometimes it is the color of the rainbow.
Where are the stars?
The stars are in the sky and they twinkle.
When can you see star?
When the sky is clear and dark.
When is the sky blue and white?
When there are clouds.
When can the sky be black?
When the sun goes down.
What makes the sky gray?
When it is cloudy it can be gray.

Jungle
Jungle
Ask/ Answer
What is a jungle?
A jungle is a place where animals live.
Where in the world do you find jungles?
In South America Africa Asia and  Australia.
Why is it hot in the jungle?
Because the jungle is by the equator.
When does it rain in the jungle?
Most days it rains.
Who lives in the jungles?
Pygmy people live in Africa jungles.
How do animals survive in jungles?
Different animals eat other animals and plants.
How much of the earth land is Jungle?
About 10%.

Storms
Storms
Ask/ Answer
What do storms do?
Some storms rain.
Where do storms happen?
Storms happen in Minnesota.
Why are storms loud?
Thunder is loud.
When do storms rain?
When clouds come.
Who is scared of storms?
Are you scared of storms?
How do storms make lightning?
because of attraction between things called ions.
How do storms knock out power?
It gets very windy and knocks down power lines.

Storms...
Storms...
Ask/ Answer
Why does lightning strike houses?
Lightning is electricity, it strikes tall objects.
Why do tornadoes destroy buildings?
Because tornadoes have very strong winds.
Why does it snow?
Because it is Winter.
What is a hurricane?
Hurricane has   very strong  winds lots of rain.
How do floods happen?
It is water   that can flood  the city when there is a lot of rain.
What is a natural disaster?
Natural disaster is a hurricane, tornado, tidal waves, avalanches, landslides, volcanic eruptions, and floods.
When do clouds turn gray?
Sometimes they turn gray when it rains.

Valentine's Day!
Happy Valentine's Day!
One way to show love is to cuddle.
"Do you want to cuddle?"
Sometimes just being close is enough.
Especially when you are with your Mama.
The End

We Are
We are in a plane.
I am in the ocean.
We are in a tree.
I am in the church.
We are in the city.
I am in boots.
We are in bed.
I am in the house.

Kitchen Safety
Kitchen Rules!
Keep hair and clothing pulled back.
Focus on what you are doing.
Keep things organized.
Close doors and drawers completely.
Use correct tools for the job.
Keep electricity away from water!
Protect yourself from hot items.
Enjoy what you make!

We Look
We look at the cow.
I look at the television.
We look at the horse.
I look at the goat.
We look at the tiger.
I look at the rhinoceros.
We look at the cardinal.
I look at the lizard.

I Like
I like peanut butter and jelly.
We like water and lemon.
I like hamburgers.
We like pancake pyramids.
I like breakfast.
We like scrambled eggs.
I like fruit filled muffins.
We like fruit and crepes.

They Are On
They are on the road.
They are in the country.
They are on a street.
They are in the car show.
They are in green fields.
They are in the jungle.
They are in the plane.

I'm a Construction Worker
I'm a construction worker.
I work up high,
I work at street level,
I work underground,
and I use many tools
here on my  site.
My buildings are straight,
never crooked!
I love to see the buildings take shape.
What things keep me safe at work?

They Look
They look for the butterfly.
We look for a girl.
I look for some dolls.
They look for a semi.
We look for a tatoo.
I look for some gold.
They look for glass balls.
We look for some sunshine.

Liquid or Solid?
Liquid or Solid?
Jello is a solid.
Corn syrup is a liquid.
Water is a liquid.
Flavoring is a liquid.
Powdered sugar is a solid.
Food coloring is a liquid.

All Around The Country
All Around the Country
Ask/Answer
Where do people work?
Some people work at McDonald's or Cub.
How do kids go to school
Some kids take a ferry, a bus, a taxi, or a bike.
Does every body like the some food?
No, because some people might be allergic.
Why does every body need water?
To stay healthy.
What different  communities are  there?
There are rural,  suburban, and urban.
Are people the same?
People are different in a lot of ways.

Who Will Help? (A story based on the fable "The Little Red Hen")
Who will help? I will help. I will help my team do their best.
Who will help? I will help. I will help encourage my brother when he is frightened.
Who will help? I will help. I will help grandma plant marigold seeds.
Who will help? I will help. I will help load the dishwasher.
Who will help? I will help. I will help share water with a neighbor.
Who will help? I will help. I will help my cousin walk home from school.
Who will help? I will help. I will help my mom wash asparagus.
Who will help? I will help. I will help draw pictures for my friend in the hospital.
Who will help? I will help. I will help feed my cat, George.
Who will help? I will help. I will help by sharing my smile with others.
Who will help? I will help. Will you help?
The end.

We Go
We Go
We go to the high school.
We go to space.
We go to the woods.
I go to the city.
We go to the pool.
I go to a vase shop.
We go to the swing-set.
We go to a carnival.

All kinds of Fruits and Vegetables
We like to eat apples.
We like to eat bananas.
We like to eat onions.
We like to eat peppers.
We like to eat peaches.
We like to eat cucumbers.
We like to eat pears.
We like to eat strawberries.
We like to eat carrots.
We like to eat potatoes

Dinosaurs
I like Dinosaurs
by DS
Dinosaurs are scary.
Dinosaurs have teeth.
Big and small dinosaur.
Dinosaurs eat plants.
Dinosaurs also eat meat.

We Like to Play
We like to play.
We like to play basketball.
We like to play football.
We like to play barbies.
We like to play music and sing like Justin Bieber.
We like to play in the balls.
We like to play.

turtles
I am holding a baby turtle.
I see the big turtle swimming.
I see a lot of turtles.
The mom is helping the baby. The baby is on top of the mom.
The baby is on the mom's back.
The dog is smelling the turtle.

Valentine's Day
Happy Valentine's Day
Happy Valentine's Day, Dad
Happy Valentine's Day, Mom
Happy Valentine's Day Stephen
Happy Valentine's Day Ms. Bautista
Happy Valentine's Day Ricky
Happy Valentine's Day Hugs & Kisses
You make my life bloom everyday.
You are so sweet.
Happy Valentine's Day Mom Always love a horse.

bullying by kathy
Bullying 
by Kathy
When I was a freshmen some boys were trying to hit me hard.
I would tell them to "stop it".
It makes me feel sad when they try to bother me.
I would go get the officer at school. And tell him, "they're picking on me".
He would find them and then tell those boys, "leave her alone or else you get detention".
The boys told me, "we're sorry,"that they bullied me. They never did that again. I was happy.

bullying by cullen
Josh was walking down the hallway when two boys pushed him down.
The boys pushed him down and stepped on him too.
Josh exited the area and told a teacher.
That did not work because the teacher didn't care. Josh decided to tell the SRO officer.
The SRO officer got the boys that where bullying Josh.
The SRO officer got the boys and were talking to them.
The boys decided to be friends again.

Bullied
Elmo was walking down the hall until he was stopped by the school bully Cosmo.
Elmo said "Hi Cosmo." But Cosmo turned around and started calling Elmo names like "Smellmo."
Elmo said "Would you please stop?" But more and more kids joined in.
He was searching for a way out. But he could not find one.
Until he found his friend Big Bird in the crowd.
He called out to Big Bird. Big Bird turned around and said "Come on lets get out of here." So they left.

A Long Time Ago
A Long Time Ago by Kaily
A dragon lived in a forest.
The dragon was hungry.
For some reason, he wanted to eat the princess.
The princess went to get a gift for him.
The princess gave him a gift of deer meat and he turned into her pet.

More Sight Words
I like tomato soup.
It is red. It is good.
The balloons go up.
The cat is on the dog.

The Best Birthday Present
One day John was on his way to the park.
He looked down and saw a bird with a hurt wing.
He took the bird home and wanted to keep it as pet.
The next day he took the bird to the vet.
The vet said he could fix the bird's wing, but it would cost $15.00.
The vet fixed the bird's wing with John's birthday money.
John's mom said he could keep the bird since he used his birthday money to care for it.
John said, "This bird is the best present ever!"

Valentine's Day
This is the Valentine's heart.
The dark heart is blue.
This is a swan.
This is also a Valentine's heart for mom.
This is a Valentine's day heart, too.
The pencils have points.
These are the Valentine's hearts for my basketball team.
These are monster jam cupcakes.
Happy Valentine's Day to dad.

Mardi Gras ABC's
Mardi Gras ABC's
A is for Acadiana
B is for Beads
C is for Carnival
D is for Doubloons
E is for Excitement
F is for Float
G is for Mardi Gras Glasses
H is for Mardi Gras Hat
I is for Icing
J is for Jester
K is for King
L is for Lent
M is for Mask
N is for New Orleans
O is for Ornament
P is for Parade
Q is for Queen
R is for Royalty
S is for Streamers
T is for Tuesday
U is for Umbrella
V is for Voodoo
W is for Wreath
X is for eXcessive Crowds
Y is for Yell
Z is for Zulu

The Help
"The Help" is a movie about life in America in the 1960s.
It takes place in Jackson, Mississippi.
Aibileen is a black maid who works for a white woman, cleaning her house and raising the children.  Her own son died.
Minny is her friend who also works as a maid.  She is a great cook.
They work very hard and are paid very little.  Many of the families they work for do not show them respect.
Skeeter is a young white woman who just graduated from college.  She wants to become a writer.
Hilly is Skeeter's friend who. She is mean to her maid, Minny.
Hilly thinks black maids should have separate bathrooms from white people.
When Minny uses Hilly's bathroom, Hilly gets mad and says she can't work for her anymore.
Skeeter knows this is unfair and disrespectful, and she starts to write a book  from the stories of Aibileen and Minny.
Minny goes to work for Celia, who is much nicer to her.  Minny teaches Celia how to cook.
Skeeter becomes friends with Aibileen and Minny, and her book is published.
Everyone reads about how unfair life is for these women.
It took many people and many years of protesting in order to change the laws to make life more fair for everyone.

Giant Squid
Giant Squid
Ask/ Answer
How does a giant squid swim?
They swim fast!
Where do squid swim?
Giant squid swim in the ocean.
Why do squid have arms?
To catch prey.
Are squid big?
Yes, they are giant!
What makes squid look scary?
A scary eye.
What do squid eat?
They eat shrimp.

Cheetahs
Cheetahs
Ask/ Answer
What do cheetahs eat?
They eat fish.
Why does the mother      cheetah hunt instead of the dad?
Because the dad don't live there.
How many cheetahs live in Africa?
About 10,000 cheetahs live in Africa.
How do cheetah move?
They run fast!
Where do cheetahs live?
The cheetahs live in the grasslands.
Who is faster than a cheetah?
Nobody!
What animal does a cheetah's face look like?
The cheetah's face looks like a cat.

Monkeys
Monkeys
Ask/Answer
Where do monkeys live?
Some monkeys live in the rain forest.
Why do monkeys stay together?
So they can know when danger.
Why do monkeys jump to branch to branch ?
They need to see well.
Why do monkeys have long tail?
Their tails are used to hold onto trees when they climb them.
What do monkeys eat?
Monkeys eat fruits,seeds, eggs and insects and leaves
Why does the baby hold on to its mother's back?
Because when the mother is jumping the baby has to hold on tight; that way the baby will not fall off.
What's a monkey's favorite food?
A monkey's favorite food is bananas and peanuts.

A Day Goes By
The sun rises every morning.
When I have to get up at 7:00 on school days,
it is often still dark outside.
I eat my breakfast at 7:15.
I arrive at school soon after at 8:00.
Some days I have gym at 10:30.
After another lesson it's time for recess.
Then I eat lunch at 11:45.
Some days I have art at 1:30.
School ends at 2:45.
When I get home there is time to play.
It's time for supper at 6:00.
Then I have my bath.
Bed time is at 8:00.
Good night. Sleep tight.

Cars
Cars
Ask/ Answer
How do cars go so fast?
Cars have engines!
Who made the first car in america?
It is henry ford.
What is the first car being  made?
The first car is the made was slow.
where in the car the is the engine?
It is in the front of the car.
Why did people make
cars?
Because they get tired of walking.
How do people make cars?
They get metal.
When did cars get discovered?
They were discovered in 1900 a long time ago.

Can You See?
Can you see the sunset?
Can you see the ocean?
Can you see the porpoise?
Can you see the family?
Can you see the seahorse?
Can you see the 
ray?
Can you see the great white shark?
Can you see the lobsters?
Can you see the claws?

Carson's Sight Words
I can read!
I love dogs.
I see a cat.
The boy is by the dog.

Me and Belle
Me and Belle
Belle, Come/Lets go
Belle, sit.
Belle, post.
She is still posting.
We are going left Belle.
We are going right Belle.
Belle,stay.
Over and down
She is with me at all times.

Our pudding treats by Class Y-02
Pudding treats are fun to make.
The first step is making the chocolate pudding.
When the pudding is ready, we put it in cups.
Then, we add Cool Whip to the top.
The last step is adding mini chocolate chips.
Our pudding treats are finished.

Cats
Cats
Ask/ Answer
What do cats like to do?
Cats like to play.
What do cats like to be?
Cats like to be happy.
What is a cat?
Cats are pets.
What do cats eat?
Cats eat cat food.
Do cats like dogs?
No they don't.
Do i like dogs?
Yes i do.
Can cats run?
Yes they can.
Do cats eat dog food?
No they do not.
Do cats like rats?
No they don't.

Arizona
Arizona is our state.
We live in Bullhead City, Arizona.
Arizona's birthday is on February 14th.
It's nickname is the Grand Canyon State.
Phoenix is the capitol of Arizona.
The Grand Canyon is in Arizona.
Arizona is in the desert.
Saguaro cactus can grow in the desert in Arizona.
Our state flower is the Saguaro Cactus flower.

Relationships
We have different kinds of relationships with different people.
We are respectful in our relationships, and that means we act in different ways with different people.
You have a relationship with your mom or dad.
You can have a relationship with a brother or sister.
You can hug your mom or dad. You can hug your brother or sister.
You have relationships with friends.
You can say hi, wave, and give high fives to friends.
You have relationships with teachers.
You can shake hands and give high fives to teachers.
We are respectful in our different relationships with different people.

Louis Armstrong
Louis Armstrong was born in the state of Louisianna, on August 4, 1901.
Mr. Armstrong was a famous african american who played music in the 1920's.
Louis Armstrong was famous for playing the trumpet and cornet.
When he became famous this is how he signed his hame. This is Mr. Armstrong's personal Signature.
Louis Armstrong's music was accepted in both the black and white communities.
Louis Armstrong was also a silent supporter of the civil rights movement.
Louis Armstrong also sang, he had a deep raspy voice.
Mr. Armstrong passed away of a heart attack on July 6, 1971, in Queens, New York.
Mr. Armstrong had several nickhames, Satch, Satchmo, and Satchmouth.

Sureya's Favorite Treats
I like worms.
I like Oreo cookies.
I like Chips Ahoy.
I like graham crackers.
I like raisins.
I like goldfish.
I like suckers.
I like cupcakes.
I like to eat!

The Lego Man's Airplane
The little lego man was so sad.
The man was stacking
his legos.
All the legos fell down.
He built his legos
into an airplane.
The pilot was sad because the airplane
was stolen.
The pilot called the police.
The policeman
called Batman to find the plane.
Everyone was happy when
the plane was found!

Whitney Houston
She began singing in her church gospel choir when she was 11 years old.
She has sold millions of records.
She grew up in a very musical family. This is her cousin Dionne Warwick.
She was a model.
She also was an actress.
She has won more awards that any other female singer.
She won over 450 different awards in her lifetime.
Her daughters name is Bobbi Kristina Brown.
People all over the world loved Whitney Houston.
Whitney Houston was a very talented artist and she will be missed.

Sight Words
I can see you.
I can see a dog.
The cat is by the dog.
I love you.

Jeff Dunham
Jeff Dunham.
He's a comedian and ventriloquist.
Walter's a grumpy old man.
Achmed The Dead Terrorist is a bearded skeleton. His Slogan Is "Silence! I kill you!"
Melvin is a super hero. His theme song is "Da Da Da Daa."
Peanut is a purple monkey. He wears one red shoe.
Jose is mexican jalapeno on a stick.
Bubba J is a silly guy who likes to watch Nascar and drinks beer.
Sugar Daddy Dee is an african american who calls himself a "pimp".
Diane is a female puppet who first appeared in the 2010 film "Dinner For Schmucks".
Achmed Jr. is the son of Achmed.
Little Jeff who looks just like the real Jeff.
Jeff's 3 Specials are so funny.
Arguing with myself was the 1st special in 2006.
Spark of insanity was The 2nd special in 2007
Jeff's christmas special was the 3rd special in 2008.
Controlled chaos was the 4th special in 2011.
The Jeff Dunham Show started in 2009, from october 22nd to decmber 10th.

The Hunting Book.
The hunting book.
The deer head is on the wall.
The eagle is flying.
The snake is 
 by the paws.
The cougar is in the weeds.
The man is shooting the gun.
The dog is in the water.
The eagle is eating a owl.
The dog is in the snow.
The man is shooting.
The cat is running.
The cat is jumping.
The big brown bear  is mounted on the wall.
The Indians kill animals.
The men kill lots of animals.
The man has a pheasant.
The cougar is hanging.
The dogs are trained to hunt.
The deer is mounted.

Puppies
Puppies are cute.
Weiner dogs like to run!
They are playing in the street.  Watch for cars.
Puppies are very curious.
This puppy wants to go in the house.
Some puppies like to eat grass.
I love little puppies.
A family portrait of puppies sleeping on the couch.

My New iPad
I have a Blue Cover
for my new iPad.
On Friday, February 10th 
I got my new iPad.
I have "Angry Birds" on my new iPad.
I like to watch YouTube on my new iPad.

3 Little Pigs
The 3 little pigs were happy.
The big bad wolf made them sad.
Pigs made houses to hide from the wolf.
This is piggy #1.
Piggy #1 made a hay house. Along came the Big Bad Wolf.
He huffed and he puffed and he blew the hay house down.
Piggy #2 made a stick house.
The wolf came. He huffed and he puffed and he blew the house down.
Piggy #3 made a brick house.
The wolf came. He huffed and he puffed.
He huffed and puffed. He could not blow the brick house down.
The three little pigs lived happily ever after.

Jack
Riding around the house...
Doing front wheels up off the ground.
Racing around the track.
Doing tricks in the air.
He is up really high.
He is winning.

My Horses
This is Star.
She is crazy.  That's what my mother says.
Star loves to run, jump and trot.
Everyone loves her.
She is big for her age.
What would I do with out star?
She is a crazy horse.
She loves to play a lot!

Gitty UP!
This is my cool horse named Sunshine.
This is me. My name is Kara.  I live on an American Indian reservation.  Riding horses is what we do!
Every night I ride Sunshine on the beach and let her run near the sunset.
Then I go riding with my mother Carly.  We take along my baby sister KiKi, which mean beautiful one in my native language

Animals In
The dog is in a swing.
The cat is in a bucket.
The mouse is in a crocodile.
The snail is in a glass.
The bird is in a tree.
The guinea pig is in a bag.
The pig is in mud.
The bear is in water.

Let's look at cats
Cats have long whiskers.
Cats have big eyes.
Cats have sharp teeth.
Cats have soft fur.
Cats eat and drink at breakfast time and dinner time.
Kittens are small baby cats.
Cats are big, kittens are little.
Cats like to sleep alot.
Cats like to play with toys.
Cats like to clean each other.

School in North Carolina
We laugh at school.
We dance at school.
We learn at school.
We read at school.
We eat snack at school.
We count at school.
We play games at school.
We write at school.
We draw and color at school.
We make friends at school.

Minecraft: The Adventures of Steve
Minecraft:The Adventures of Steve
One Day, Steve was Mining in some caves
And Then He Found Diamonds!!
When he went to
mine it....
There was Magma
behind it!
He was so mad
that he punched the stone with his fist.
He walked out of the caves feeling angry with himself.
So he sat down for a bit, and thought about what he was going to do.
The sun was going down and so he hurried to his home.
He finally got home, but then he noticed something...
There was a light emitting from the mountain cave!
When he climbed
up, he saw a beautiful sight...
it was a cave of diamonds!!
10 minutes of gathering diamonds...
He Crafted a sword and armor set...
and he became the strongest warrior Minecraftia has ever seen.
THE END!!

My Red Headed Friend
My Red Headed Friend
This is my friend. Her name is Heather.
Heather has short, curly red hair.
She also has freckles. Many people with red hair do.
The thing I like best about her though, is that she is fun to be with.

Summer
Pretty flowers are in bloom in the summer.
In the summer, you can wear sandals.
Kid's can play outside under the warm summer sun.
You can swim in the warm water.
During summer break, you can go on vacation.

Primary Elections
Primary Elections: a news to you story
This year America elects a president. President Barack Obama will be the Democratic candidate.
Who will be the Republican candidate? The primary elections will help us decide.
The 2012 presidential election is November 6.
The U.S. has two big political parties. They are the Democratic and Republican parties.
Each party chooses a presidential candidate. One of those candidates will be America's president.
How does each party pick a presidential candidate? Many men and women want the job.
Each state votes in a caucus or a primary election.
The voting began in Iowa with a January 3rd caucus. Utah votes last, with a June 26th primary election.
Nine states, like Iowa, vote in a caucus.
Each party meets in small groups. They meet in: schools, churches, libraries, and homes.
The candidates visit and ask for votes.
Most states have primary elections.
People go to a polling place, in a church or school. They vote in secret.
How many votes will each candidate get? One candidate in each party will win that state's primary.
Choosing a candidate is a big decision. Who should you choose?
The candidates speak to many people. They tell us why we should vote for them.
Then the people make their choices.
Primary election voting began in January. Everyone watched the Republican candidates.
Rick Santorum won Iowa's caucus.
On January 10th, Mitt Romney won in New Hampshire.
South Carolina voted on January 21st. Another candidate, Newt Gingrich, won there.
Ten states have primary elections on March 6th, "Super Tuesday."
Those states include: Ohio, Tennessee, Georgia, and more.
One Republican will be Super Tuesday's big winner. He will go to the Republican National Convention.
He may become that party's presidential candidate!

Lifestyle in the Colonies.
Lifestyle in the colonies.
New England and Middle colonists thought that education was very important.
The colony was more interested in religion than trade, government, and education.
They built their houses and buildings around a church.
Southern children were often home schooled.
Southern children were expected to follow in their parents footsteps.

Zoo Animals
Zoo Alphabet
by CC
T is for Tiger.
The Tiger says GRRRRR.
W is for Wolf.
The Wolf says AWHOO.
L is for Llama.
The Llama spits.
H is for Hippo.
The Hippo yawns.
R is for Ram.
The Ram says BAAAA.
O is for Owl.
The Owl HOOTS.
B is for Boy.
The Boy says "I like the Zoo!"

cupcakes
Cuba libre - cupcake made with a lime and chocolate frosting
Lemony cupcakes made with cookies and lemon frosting
Strawberry macaroon cupcakes made with strawberries and vanilla frosting.
Green tea cupcakes made with green sprinkles and green tea frosting.
Sonja berry cupcake made with cream cheese and sonja berriess.
Creme de cassis cupcake made with blackberries and cassis frosting.
Chocolate cupcake made with chocolate frosting and vanilla.
Marshmallow cupcake made with marshmallow cream and chocolate.
iPhone cupcakes made with things for an iphone.
Milk chocolate cupcake made with milk chocolate and sprinkles.
Chocolate cupcake made with vanilla frosting and chocolate and a cherry.

Vancouver Canucks
I love the Vancouver Canucks.
They will win the 2012 Stanley Cup in game 7.
I really like Alex Burrows.
This year they will beat the Boston Bruins.

Snow
I Like Snow
By DB
Snow is on the house.
Snow is on the trees.
Snow is on the rabbits.
Snow is on the penguins.
Snow is on the car.
Snow is on the water.
Snow is on me!

Candy!
Candy is yumm!
Candy can be...
big OR..
small.
You can make a lot of things out of candy,
like a rainbow!

Milo's adventures by Jamie
Milo was going to his grandma's house when unfortunately...
he stepped on some springs and landed in a...
whales mouth.
Fortunately their was a nice lady who gave him some food.
Unfortunately their was a mean pirate that they had to fight.
Fortunately they got blown out of the whales blow hole onto the shore.
Unfortunately they saw a crocodile.
Fortunately Zim came and killed the crocodile.
Then Gir carried Milo and the girl to his grandmas house. THE END

My Tree
My tree gives me good air.  My tree gives me wood. And my tree gives me apples. I am happy.
I can fix things made of wood. I build a tree house from wood. I am happy.
Apples taste sweet. I like apples with caramel. I am happy.
Trees give off oxygen. They keep the planet alive. I am happy.
The End

Exercise for children through Sports.
Running on the beach is hard work!
Swimming can be fun!
Soccer involves a lot of running, and kicking a ball!
Volleyball involves a lot of jumping!
Track and Field is VERY good for exercise.
Lacrosse is another sport kids can play!
Basketball involves a ball and a hoop.
Also riding a bike is a sport!
If you like the snow, snowboarding is for you!
Sports can be fun for EVERYONE!
and it's a very good way to stay healthy!

My Tree
My tree gives me oranges.  My tree gives me pecans. My tree gives me a place to sit.  I am happy.
Oranges taste sweet. I like orange juice.  I am happy.
I like to eat pecans. Pecans have a hard shell. I am happy.
I sit in the shade under the tree. I like to sit and read my book. I am happy.
The End

Fortunately,Unfortunately by Spencer
One day the superheros were out fighting crime!
Unfortunately evil Dr.Evhop attacked them with his evil..
Pencils!! He forced them to do math or they would be doomed.
Fortunately they were all nerds at math!!
Unfortunately the ninja attacked them with bananas.
Fortunately the superheros chopped up the bananas and made ice cream sundaes with them and defeated the ninja.
Yummy! another day of fighting crime.

Healthy Smoothie
Let's make a healthy smoothie!
We will need to get our supplies.
First, we need to get a blender.
Then add strawberries,
bananas,
milk and yogurt,
and some ice cubes.
Blend the ingredients.
Don't forget the top!
Pour smoothie into a glass.
Enjoy!

Lost Dog
Will you help me find my puppy?
He is not in the yard.
He is not at the bus stop.
...Or at the neighbors' houses.
...Or my best friend Joe's!
Where could he be!?
What was that? You found him down the road!?
Well looks like someone met a new friend.

Don't Be a Beach Bum, Have Some Beach Fun!
Don't Be a Beach Bum, Have Some Fun On The Beach!
You can run in the ocean on the beach!
You can play soccer on the beach!
You can bring your puppy to the beach!
You can search for shells on the beach!
You can watch the sunset on the beach!
You can surf on the beach!
You can go boating on the beach!
You can sun tan on the beach!
You can build sand sculptures on the beach!
There are so many things you can do on the beach!
The End!

My Classroom
By Room 211
I go to room 211 at school.
I use the computer in my room.
I work at the table in my room.
I play with beads in my room.
I take a break in my room.
I learn in my room.
I eat in my room.
Sometimes I need to leave my room.
What do I do when I need to leave my room?
I stop.
I ask my teachers for help.

Florida Book
Florida is called the Sunshine State.
The state flower of Florida is the orange blossom.
Florida is a peninsula because it has water on 3 sides.
Hurricanes can happen in Florida during the summer and fall.
The capital of Florida is in Tallahassee.
In South Florida, the is a very wet place called the Everglades.
Disney World is a popular place to visit in Florida.
Osceola was a war chief of the Seminole Indians in Florida.
In Florida, alligators live in water. You might also see them on the land.
Florida grows a lot of grapefruit.
The popular drink Gatorade was created at the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida.
The Tampa Bay Rays is a professional baseball team in Florida.
Florida is a great place to visit. You can go to many beautiful beaches.

B Book
Bananas are yummy.
Beluga whales are small.
Boots are smelly.
Bugs have legs.
Bunny's are fast.
Badger's are black.
Beaches are sandy.
Blueberries are good.
Bugles are fun to play.
Bracelets are pretty.
Babies are cuddly.
The end.

Austin and Ally
Austin and Ally are on the Disney Channel.
I think Austin is cute.
Ally is a friend of Austins'.
I like how Ally dresses.
Ally writes songs for Austin to sing.
Austin sings and plays the guitar too.

Food in Colonial Times
We eat many kinds of food today! Have you ever wondered about food in Colonial Times?
The colonists had to plant or hunt all of their own food in early Colonial times.
They hunted for their meat like boars.
The colonists had very good manners at the table.
This is a colonist that is drinking wine he is suppose to drink it at night.

Friends, Hearts, and Valentines
The two cute puppies are celebrating Valentine's Day.
The dog and the cat are celebrating Valentine's together.
The two bears are celebrating Valentine's Day.
The Madagascar friends had a big party for all their
friends.
The six kids celebrated Valentine's together.
The two hands say, "Hello, friend."
The heart is red.
The girls on Valentine's Day said, "We'll be friends
forever."
The hearts are celebrating Valentine's.
The teddy bear is holding a heart.
The hearts are outside.
Hearts and Valentines go together.

Slaves:by Mark
The slaves had to do lots of farm work on southern plantations.
Slaves were not paid to do work.
They had no freedom to read or write.
Some slaves were treated badly and some were treated nicely.
They worked for the colonists until the north won the Civil War.

Harriet Tubman Report
Harriet Tubman was a slave and very important part of the under ground railroad.
She helped rescue more than 70 slaves.
This is a map of the road many slaves took to freedom.
She was very brave because it was against the law to help slaves to freedom in the South.
After the underground railroad she spent time with her family working many jobs to support them.
She also helped with getting women equal rights.
In early 1913 Harriet Tubman became very sick. She passed away March 10th 1913.
Harriet Tubman today is a famous person and very important to our history.

CJ's World
Hello. My name in Lionel. My friends call me C J.
I live in Dighton, Massachusetts.
I go in my stander every morning at school.
I love having fans blow on me!
I enjoy swimming with my friends.

Lightning By Anthony
Have you ever wondered how lightning starts? It starts when black clouds are coming.
Then the rain drops in the clouds join together as they bump into each other.
The bumping causes static electricity.
When electricity flows through the clouds and you see white sparks in the sky, then that is lightning.
Lightning is dangerous because it can hurt you.
If you want to stay safe from thunder and lightning then do not use the phone during a storm.
I hope you have learned how lightning starts.
My name is Anthony and I'm in second grade.

How is a Crayon Made? by joshua
A crayon is fun to make! Read how it is made.
First they make the pigment powder.
Next they put the pigment powder into the mixing vat.
Then the colored wax is heated to about  240 degrees Fahrenheit.
The frame moves away from the table, and the rods push the crayons.
Then the excess hardened wax is scraped off of the top of the table to be remelted later for re-use.
Then the labeling machines wraps and glues the label around each crayon.

Wolves by Addy
Wolves by Addy
Wolves have to hunt in order to survive.
First, the wolves hunt a large herd of animals.
The pack runs after the herd. Sometimes it can strike to catch its prey.
When the wolves strike they will choose one animal and bring it down.
The leaders get to eat first and then the rest of the pack.
Each wolf gets 20 pounds of meat.
This is how wolves eat.

Michigan Corn Muffins
We live in Michigan.
Michigan is beautiful.  It has lakes.
It has meadows.
It has forests.
It has farms.
Corn is grown on Michigan farms.
We use corn for popcorn.
We make muffins out of corn.
Jiffy Mix is made in Chelsea, Michigan.
It is a small Michigan town.
It is small, but it makes great muffins!
Let's make muffins!!

Abraham Lincoln: The Sixteenth President
Abraham Lincoln's head is carved into Mount Rushmore.
He is also remembered by the Lincoln Memorial.
This is the log cabin that Lincoln grew up in.
This is Abraham Lincoln before he grew his famous beard.
At this point, he has just won the presidential election.
A little girl wrote Lincoln a letter telling him that he would look better with a beard.
Lincoln's picture is on the penny and the $5 bill.
Abraham Lincoln presented his Emancipation Proclamation to his cabinet.
Abraham Lincoln led our country through its worst crises, the Civil War. In the end, all slaves were freed.

France
France is a country in Europe.
France has a flag.
France has the Eiffel Tower.
France has the Tour de France.
France has the city of Paris.
France has restaurants on the street.
France has the French Alps.
France has French poodles.
France has snails to eat.
Do you want to go to France?

Transportation
Transportation takes us places.
We can move when we run.
We can move on a horse.
We can move fast when we ride a bicycle.
We can move faster when we ride a motorcycle.
We can move very fast when we ride in a car.
We can move on water in a boat.
We can move in the sky in a jet.
We can move in outer space in a rocket.
We can move on tracks in a train.

Frisbees
Frisbees are fun.
People can throw frisbees and catch frisbees.
Dogs can jump and catch them too.
They are made of plastic with no hole in the middle.
Do you like frisbees?

Fun Cats
Cats are fun.
This cat is big.
This cat is little.
The cats can play.
One cat is yellow.
One cat is a baby.
The cat is asleep.
I love cats!

Promoting Good Health
Making decisions.
Brush your teeth.
Clean your body.
Wash your hands.
Put on clothes.
Get sleep.
Exercise.
Play outside.
Safety.
Hang out with friends.
Eat healthy.
Help others.
Say no to drugs!

Things We Like by Mrs. Kanabrocki's class
Things I like to do.
I like skateboard.
I like to play with my toys.
I like chicken.
I like cars.
I like to travel.
I like to dance.
I like to bake.

Polar Bears
This polar bear looks nice.
Polar bears live on ice and in water.
Polar bears are losing their sea ice homes.
Polar bears love to swim.
Some polar bears fight.
Polar bears are cute, but they can be dangerous!

Letter B
B is for bear.
B is for bus.
B is for bees.
B is for bubbles.
B is for bed.
B is for ball.
B is for bird.
B is for beaver.
B is for brontosaurus.
B is for baboon.
B is for boulder.
The end.

Beavers at Work
Beavers work hard.
Beavers cut trees.
Beavers watch.
Beavers cut trees.
Beavers eat.
Beavers cut trees.
Beavers clean themselves.
Beavers cut trees.
Beavers cut trees...
to make a dam.
A beaver dam makes a nice home.

Weather
Weather and Our Feelings
Sunny days make us feel happy!
Rain and thunder and lightning make us sad and scared.
Snowy days make us feel "cold"!
Windy days make us feel tired because it's hard to walk.
When it is cloudy,
sometimes we're happy, but sometimes we're sad.
Icy days make us cold! We want to stay inside!!
Our favorite weather of all is SUNNY!! Sunny weather makes us smile!!

Images of the SVMS
Mr. Cazair is the man.
The band room is used for amazing music.
The art hallway is unbelievable.

Joey's Dream
I want to live on a farm.
I want horses.
I want a giraffe.
I want a lion.
I want an elephant.
I want tigers.
I want lots of dogs.
I want a monkey.
Maybe I should buy a zoo.

Buried Treasure
Stanley is a boy who gets in trouble for stealing shoes.
Stanley really did not steal the shoes, but he has to go to Camp Green Lake as punishment.
It was not very green at Camp Green Lake.  Just a bunch of old dirt.
Stanley has to be careful at the camp. There are spiders, rattle snakes, and yellow spotted lizards.
Every day each camper has to dig a hole as deep as the shovel.
Stanley's friend Zero decides away from camp.
Stanley goes to find Zero.
Stanley and Zero learn there is treasure buried at Camp Green Lake.
Stanley and Zero go back to find the treasure.
The warden wants the treasure too. That is why the warden makes the boys dig holes every day.
Who will find the treasure first?

The Railway Train
I like to see it lap the miles,
And lick the valleys up,
And stop to feed itself at tanks;
And then, prodigious,step 
around a pile of mountains,
And, supercilious, peer 
in shanties by the sides of roads;
And then a quarry pare
 
To fit its sides, and crawl between,
Complaining all the while 
in horrid, hooting stanza;
Then chase itself down hill 
and neigh like Boanerges;
Then, punctual as a star, 
stop — docile and omnipotent —
At its own stable door.
The End

What I Can Do for My Earth
I LOVE my earth!
That's why I want to do everything I can to keep it healthy.
I'm going to recycle lots of stuff.
I'm going to plant new trees...
... and plant vegetables.
(I LOVE veggies!)
I'm going to recycle stuff into cool art,
and make sure the animals have clean water,
and tell my parents to ride their bikes to work.
Then, my friends and I will bake earth cookies,
and we'll dance in celebration of our earth!
I have the power to make our earth a better place to live,
and so do YOU!

Noah's Cool Lego Book
This is a Lego Star Wars Boba Fett.
This is scary to me.
This is funny to me.
This is super funny to me.
This is a Lego monster.
This is Jack Sparrow made entirely out of Lego's.
Now this is a cool picture.
This is a Lego Star Wars character.
This is Lego Indiana Jones.
This is a Lego sci-fi set.
This is a Lego Star Wars set.
This is pretty cool.
These are Lego key chains.
This is totally awesome.
This is a Lego Sponge Bob.
This is a Lego Batman.
This is Cat Women's Lego motorcycle.
This is a Lego dragon.

Things We Do
She is smiling.
She is crying.
She is drooling.

little Jimmy and the Dirtbike
Little Jimmy wanted a dirt bike. So Jimmy's dad bought him one.
Jimmy wanted a green one so his dad bought him one.
This is Jimmy riding his dirt bike.
This is Jimmy's favorite pro dirt bike rider.
This is little Jimmy.
This is little Jimmy racing his dirt bike.
This is big Jimmy on the podium. When he won his first race.

Monster Trucks by Skyler
Monster trucks are cool.
Monster trucks are dangerous.
Monster trucks have blasting horns.
Monster trucks have big wheels.
Monster trucks have loud engines.
Monster trucks are messy.
Did I mention that monster trucks are loud!

wolves
Wolves.
Wolves often stay with the pack.
This is an arctic wolf.
Wolves fight for territory!
Wolves have true beauty.
Baby wolves stay with their mothers until they become adults.
Still, all wolves are playful.
They eat meat. This one is hunting.

I Can
I can jump.
I can run.
I can swim.

Letter A
Ants eat plants.
Acrobats are strong.
Anteaters have long tongues.
Apricots are good.
African music is calming.
Antarctica is cold.
Airplanes fly high.
Artichokes have layers.
Arizona is hot.
Arms can lift up.
Armies work hard.
Ambulances go fast.
Ash is hot.
The End.

Dolphins
Dolphins are amazing animals!
I have been to many dolphin shows.
My dream is to swim with a dolphin.
Dolphins are wonderful.
Dolphins are intelligent.
I think Dolphins are amazing animals!

Letter A
A is for ape.
A is for alligator.
A is for astronaut.
A is for author.
A is for apple.
A is for artist.
A is for alien.
A is for apron.
A is for armadillo.
A is for arctic.
A is for aardvark.
A is for airplane.
The end.

Derrick Rose by d3
Derrick Rose was the first pick by the Chicago Bulls from Memphis, Tennessee.
In his rookie season, he won rookie of the year by averaging 19.7 points per game.
Derrick Rose also won the most valuble player of the year in 2010-11 year by averaging 25.9 points per game.
He made his own shoes called "Adidas d.rose 2.0"

Austria - Österreich
AUSTRIA - ÖSTERREICH
Austria is in the "Heart of Europe".
Austria is divided in nine provinces.
Austrian Flag
Coat of Arms
The money in Austria is called "Euros".
Austrians speak German.
The mountains are called the Alps.
Vienna is the capital city.
St. Stephan's Cathedral in Vienna
The Castle of Schönbrunn
The Spanish Riding School
Hallstatt is a small town in Austria.
Girls wear a "Dirndl." Boys wear a "Lederhose".
The Danube River is the biggest river in Austria.
Austria has a lot of lakes but there is no ocean.
People go skiing in the winter...
...and like to play soccer in the summer.
Fireworks on New Year's Eve in Salzburg.

French Indian War
George Washington worked with the English.
The English and French wanted North America.
George Washington lead the militia.
George Washington's militia fought against the French Army.
George Washington built Fort Nessesity with his militia.
The French attacked the fort.
George Washington surrendered to the French.
George Washington took the blame.
The French began war against England.
The war lasted seven years.
The English and French made a treaty (deal).
The French kept Canada.

annielee's a, b, c,
A IS FOR APPLE AND ALSO FOR ANNIE!!
B IS FOR BALL. ANNIE LOVES BASKETBALL.
C IS FOR COWS THAT SAY MOO MOO MOO.  THEY ALSO GIVE MILK TO ANNIE TOO!

Be Healthy
Being healthy means that you feel good.
There are things we can do to help keep our body healthy.
We can keep our teeth healthy by brushing them daily.
Can you point to teeth?
Exercise keeps our body healthy. Walking and riding bikes is exercise.
Can you point to exercise?
We can keep our body healthy by eating good food.
Oranges and apples are fruit. Fruit is good food.
Can you point to the apple?
Can you point to fruit?
Being clean can help us stay healthy. Putting on deodorant after a shower will keep us clean.
Can you point to deodorant?
But... sometimes we feel sick.
Can you point to sick?
If you feel sick go see the doctor.
Can you point to doctor?
Remember you can keep your body healthy!

Awsome Hedgehogs
Hedgehogs can be chubby, skinny, small, large, soft, rough, and they could have big feet.
These are hedgehog babies.
They eat grass and bugs.
They can be really cute...
or they could be really ugly.
Carvings of hedgehogs
They really do like grass.
A little hedgehog
This is what it looks like when they are a sleep.
They are so cute.
Another baby hedgehog
A mom hedgehog with her baby
A toy hedgehog
What a sleepy hedgehog.
What are you looking at?
A seedpod hedgehog
She sure does love him.
He's eating grass.
He's holding a hedgehog.

Cows
Round them up.
Taking a break.
Look at me.
I am thirsty.
This is such hard work.
Say, "cheese".
I am hungry.
What are you looking at.

All About Ducks
I like to swim.
This is were they lay.
Ducky love!
Not just a pretty face.
They like to clean themselves.
They like to stay in a herd.
They like to fly close to the water.
I am the leader.
i like to splash.
I am cozy!
They're headed for landing.
Timber!

Snow
Snow falls in winter.
Snowflakes have many sides.
Snow is cold like ice.
Snow is white.

My Plate Food Groups
The My Plate program includes five food groups that are a part of healthy eating.
The Fruit group includes:
fruits and
fruit juices.
The vegetable group includes
vegetables and
vegetable juices.
Fruits and Vegetables help your body grow
and keep you from getting sick.
The grain group includes
bread,
cereal, and
rice.
Grains help to give you energy and
promote good digestion.
The Protein group includes:
meat,
beans, and
nuts.
Proteins give you strong muscles.
The Dairy group includes:
milk,
cheese, and
yogurt.
Dairy products give you strong bones
and teeth.
Include all 5 food groups each day for healthy eating!

Birds
There are many different types of birds.
Birds are colorful.
Birds are big.
Birds are small.
Birds eat worms, bugs, and seeds.
Birds mostly live outside.
Birds sing.
Birds fly.
Birds build nests.
Birds lay eggs.
Look the baby birds have hatched. I like birds.

My Plate
My Plate: a news 2 you story
Do you want to be more healthy in 2012?
My Plate can help.
My Plate is a healthy food program.
My Plate has five food groups.
The groups are: fruits,
vegetables,
grains,
protein,
and dairy.
We should eat those foods each day.
Eat more fruits and vegetables.
Eat less salty, fatty, or sugary foods.
Be healthy in 2012
with My Plate!

My Plate
My Plate: A News 2 You Story
A new year is here. You can make 2012 a healthy year!
Healthy eating makes you feel good. The new My Plate program can help.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture started My Plate. First lady Michelle Obama announced it in 2011.
My Plate replaces the Food Guide Pyramid. The Pyramid can be confusing.
My Plate is very easy to understand.
Look at the My Plate symbol.
The symbol shows what a healthy meal looks like.
Each part is a food group. My Plate includes five good groups.
The groups are: fruits,
vegetables,
grains,
protein,
and dairy.
Our bodies need foods from each group.
These foods make us strong and healthy.
Some foods do not go in these groups. My Plate calls these foods "extras." Extras are foods like chips and soda.
These foods have a lot of salt,
fat,
or sugar. Our bodies do not need many extras.
Look for healthy foods in the: school cafeteria,
home,
grocery store,
or restaurant.
Even dessert can be healthy with yogurt and fruits.
Make this year a healthy new year.
Follow the My Plate program.
Eat more fruits and vegetables. Eat fewer "extras." Be healthy in 2012!

My Hair
I have brown hair.
I have blonde hair.
I have black hair.
I have red hair.
I have gray hair.
I have white hair.
I have curly hair.
I have no hair!
I have black hair.
I have brown hair.
I have blonde hair.
I have red hair.
I have gray hair.
I have white hair.
I have wet hair.
I have no hair!
I have brown hair.
I have black hair.
I have white hair.
I have blue hair.
I have green hair.
I have pink hair.
I have clown hair!
What color hair do you have?

A Modern 12 Days of Christmas
A 1st grade version of the 12 Days of Christmas.
On the First Day of Christmas, Santa gave me a remote-control car.
On the Second Day of Christmas, Santa gave me two "Littlest Pet Shop" toys.
On the Third Day of Christmas, Santa gave me a cute teddy bear.
On the Fourth Day of Christmas, Santa gave me a special dress.
On the Fifth Day of Christmas, Santa gave me five DS games.
On the Sixth Day of Christmas, Santa gave me some toy tractors.
On the Seventh Day of Christmas, Santa gave me a big box of Legos.
On the Eighth Day of Christmas, Santa gave me a pullback 4-wheeler.
On the Ninth Day of Christmas, Santa gave me a colourful Nutcracker.
On the Tenth Day of Christmas, Santa gave me 10 Hot Wheels cars.
On the Eleventh Day of Christmas, Santa gave me an iPod with eleven songs.
On the Twelfth Day of Christmas, Santa gave me twelve sweet treats.
Happy Holidays!

Very Yummy Cake
Flash back to the 70's!
Have a sprinkle weekend!
Where's the color?
What a bitter sweet treat!
I'm feeling kind of "sheepy" right now!
It's peanut butter berry time!
CAKE LAND!
Happy birthday to me!

Book of Egypt
Book About Ancient Egypt by Thomas B.
Hieroglyphics- An ancient Egyption writing system that was made up of over 800 picture signs.
Pharoahs- 
King Tut was made the pharaoh of Egypt at a young age.
Trade- Hatshepsut organized a large expedition. She traded papyrus, bronze weapons and jewelry for gold, Ivory and even live apes.
Pyramids- Pyramids were made of limestone, sandstone and granite. The pyramids were built to keep the pharoah's body safe.
The Nile River- Egypt's most precious resource that is 4,150 miles long.

Funny Santas
Santa is not giving a gift to Darth Vader.
This is so funny.
This is super funny.
This is a very mean Santa.
Funny Santa.
Baby hates Santa.
Crazy Santa!

Picking a Christmas Present
What is Santa going to bring?
I hope he brings me a car!
I'm not sure which one I want.
I would like a red car,
I would like a white car,
Maybe I'll want a brown car.
Maybe I'll want an old car.
Maybe I'll want a new car.
But whatever car I choose,
I love batman cars the best!
Happy holidays.

Beavers at Work
Beavers are big.
Beavers watch.
Beavers eat branches.
Beavers make dam.
Beavers cut trees.
Beavers are in the home.
Beavers have flat tails.
The dam is strong.
The tree is down.

The Beavers
The beaver swims.
The beaver sits on it's tail.
The beaver makes a dam.
The beaver is brown.
The beaver has big teeth.

Beavers
The beaver has big teeth.
The beaver cuts the tree.
The beaver is fat.
This is beaver bones.
The beaver has fur.
The beaver can swim.

Spider Man Listens!
Spider Man is a great listener in his world.
He's a great listener, just like you are Jerimiah in Mrs. Krieger's class!
Sometimes Spider Man fights guys who are not good listeners.
We should remember to be a good listener just like Spider-Man!

Santa Pets
These cats are dressed like Santa.
Ho Ho Ho, Merry Christmas!
The dog is a girl.
I like your bow.
The cat is wearing a santa shirt.
The cat is sleeping like a baby.
The dog is walking.

Anansi the Spider
Anansi is a trickster.
He tricks the other animals.
Sometimes he wants their food.
He wants their water too.
The deer tricked Anansi.
Boo Hoo is a trickster too.
Anansi tricks the mushroom.

Christmas
This is covered with snow.
We can go sledding down the hill.
The bunnies are in the snow.
The baby is bundled up.
You can slide if you are not careful.
The snow man is colorful.
The castle looks like ice.
These ballons have snowflakes on them.
The dog is dressed like Santa.
This looks yummy!

Snowman
On my head there is a hat.
On my neck there is a scarf.
On my face there is a carrot.
On my belly there is a button.

The Smart Board
This is a smart board.
Smart boards stay in classrooms.
Kids and teachers use smart boards.
I have a smart board in my class.
It has a cabinet.
Sometimes the doors open a little.
Sometimes the doors open a lot.
Sometimes the doors are closed.
Sometimes the smart board makes me happy.
Sometimes the smart board makes me sad.
Sometimes I don't like it open.
Sometimes I don't like it closed.
Sometimes I get mad when other people use the smart board.
When I am mad I can sometimes lose control.
How do I get my control back?
I can blow away the fire in my body.
I can blow softly.
I can blow calmly.
I can blow out a big bubble of happy.
I can think about happy things.
I can think about pink hair.
Pink hair makes me happy.
When I am happy I can be kind and nice.

European Geography
This is Europe.
Europe is across the Atlantic Ocean.
Europe has many landforms.
This is a mountain.
Mountains are tall.
There are mountains in Europe.
This is a river.
Rivers have water.
There are rivers in Europe.
This is a plain.
Plains are flat.
There are plains in Europe.
There are many landforms in Europe.

Christmas Tiger
Christmas Tiger.
He wants a cub.
He is a king.
He is 1,000,000 years old.
He is eating meat.
The End

Zachary's Story
Hi, my name is Zachary.
I live in Fall River.
My favorite show is King of the Hill. This is a picture of Hank, Dale, Boomhauer, and Bill.
My favorite song is Take On Me by a-ha.
I like Thomas the Tank Engine.
I like to eat chicken dunkables at lunch.
Silence!
I like to watch infomercials.
I do a great job at school helping my friends.
This is Strickland Propane where Hank Hill works.

Laba Saves Christmas
The people of New York are going to celebrate Christmas.
A young kid, Laba, decided to help.
23 Days Of Winter, the theme park is closed for five minutes and it is up to Laba to save Christmas.
According to Laba's map, the quarter park is around the theme park.
By midnight, Laba saved Christmas. The End.

The Power Rangers' Christmas Party
The Power Rangers' Christmas party will be a success .
They will get everything ready.
They will wrap presents.
They will put on the decorations.
They will put on the tree topper.
The Power Rangers will have the best Christmas ever.

Mario Brothers
This is mushroom kingdom.
This is a super mushroom.
This is a fire flower.
This is luma.
This is a goal.
This is hungry luma.
This is bullet bill.
This is Mario Bros.
This is goomba.
This is a mega mushroom.
The end!

Santa and His Reindeer
Santa has a reindeer. His reindeer has a name. It is Rudolph.
Santa is fun.
Santa has ten reindeer.

Elves
Elves are cool.
Elves are fun.
Elves are awesome.
Elves are too cool.
I love you elves.
Elves make gifts.

New York's Land and First People
NY's Land & First People
Agriculture! Yo! Yo! What did they grow?
Boats! Yo! Yo! Where did they go?
Ceremonies! Yo! Yo! Was there a beat?
Deer! Yo! Yo! What else did they eat?
Environment! Yo! Yo! What was it like?
Fire! Yo! Yo! Did it burn all night?
Goods! Yo! Yo! What did you bet?
Hunt! Yo! Yo! What did you get?
Ice! Yo! Yo! Was it cold weather?
Jewelry! Yo! Yo! Was it made of leather?
Kids! Yo! Yo! What did they play?
Longhouse? Yo! Yo! Where else did they stay?
Maize! Yo! Yo! How did it grow?
New York! Yo! Yo! What else do you know?
Ocean! Yo! Yo! Is this the only way they got around?
Plateau! Yo! Yo! Tell more about the ground.
Quilt! Yo! Yo! Did they trade these?
Rice! Yo! Yo! Rice with beans?
Sachem! Yo! Yo! Was he in charge?
Trade! Yo! Yo! Did they trade stuff that's large?
Unami clan! Yo! Yo! What did they do?
Villages! Yo! Yo! A place they moved to!
Wigwam! Yo! Yo! Is this where they slept?
Xylophory! Yo! Yo! Designs they made and kept!
Years ago! Yo! Yo! What were the years?
Zucchini! Yo! Yo! Does is also grow in ears?

Santa Claus
Santa Claus is fun.
Santa Claus brings us toys on Christmas Eve.
Santa has reindeer to pull his sleigh.
We love Santa Claus.

Spider-Man
Spider-Man
"The Beginning"
Peter Parker was a nice man. He worked at a newspaper company.
One day while Peter was doing work for school he was bitten by a radioactive spider.
After he was bitten by the spider, he found out he had powers. He became Spider-Man!
What do you think some of Spider-Man's powers are?

Going To The Zoo
We are going to the zoo tomorrow.
We are going to see bears.
We will see elephants,
monkeys,
tigers,
and lions too.
We will see birds like the flamingos.
We need to listen to our teachers
and follow directions
so we can have lots of fun at the zoo.

Sharks
I like sharks.
Sharks eat fish.
I love sharks.
Sharks are cool.
Sharks likes fish.

My Puppies
You are cute.
I think you are cute.
You are so                                    cute.
I wish you were my puppy.

Puppies Are Cute
This is Sam.
We found puppies on the street.
We saved puppies.
We like puppies.
They are so cute.

Black Widows
He is holding a black widow.
Look, this black widow is climing up his web.
Is this cool or what?
This widow is on his back.
You have to run.

We Are Back!
We are back!
We celebrated Christmas.
We celebrated the 2012 New Year!
And winter is now here!
This month is January.  January has 31 days!
We will follow our schedule.
We will do our work!
We will learn together.
We will play with our friends!
Welcome back!

Snowy Winter
I like this picture because it is a big pile of snow. I like this snow because it has snow on it.
I like Winter because me and my brothers like to play in the snow. We like throwing snow at each other.
I like this tree because it has snow on it. I like big trees because you can climb on them.
I like these cars because I like cleaning them. I like shoveling under the cars.
I like this tree because it has snow on it. I like getting snow off the trees. I like to pick it up and throw it at my brothers.

The Civil War
Abraham Lincoln was president during the Civil War.
These are cannons used during the Civil War.
This is a Union soldier from the Civil War.
This is a gun squad on the deck of the Monitor.
Trains were important for transporting men, weapons and supplies.

The Christmas Cheetah
The Christmas Cheetah wished he had a present.
He wanted a wife.
He wished he had some cubs.
He was sad that he didn't have a wife.
The Christmas Cheetah hoped that his wishes would come true!

Our World
This is our world and we can do anything we want here.
It might look amazing.
We might be scared of it.
It might look like a winter wonderland.
You will meet a lot of friends here.
This is our world and you can do anything in it.
Thank You.

A Caterpillar Suprise
A Caterpillar!
One day Daisy was playing outside with her yellow ball.
Then she finds a caterpillar up on a tree.
She put it in a jar and kept it.
As days passed by the caterpillar went into a cocoon.
Two more days passed and the caterpillar turned into a pretty blue butterfly.
Then, Daisy goes and asks her mom where the caterpillar went.
Her mom explains that the caterpillar transformed into a butterfly and explained the caterpillar cycle.
Then, she decided to let the butterfly go.

The Hungry Dinosaur
The dinosaur was stomping around the ground.
It was looking for something to eat.
Then, it finally found some. He thought that eating a bug was delicious.
Then, it went to get some water.
It gave a big burp!

Elizabeth's Wonderful Christmas
We set up a Christmas tree to get in the spirit of Christmas.
Then we all sat down as a family and ate a nice Christmas dinner.
Then after dinner we put pretty 
Christmas lights up around the house.
The next morning we woke up and were ready to open gifts.
We went down to the tree to start opening them.
Opening gifts is really fun!
I got a new Blue's Clues stuffed animal for Christmas.
And I got cool purple bouney balls.
I got a turkey! I was so excited!
Then I got alot of new books.
Then I went upstairs to play with my gifts.
This was the best Christmas ever!
After I was done opening my gifts and spending time with family, I spent the rest of my Christmas in the snow!

Christmas Penguin
Christmas penguins lived in the Arctic a long time ago.
They lived in the 1600s.
They played icicle makers.
They would swim after fish in the sea.
Christmas penguins had fun in the Arctic!

Cassie's Big Christmas Surprise!
Once upon a time their was a girl named Cassie and she loved Christmas.
All Cassie has ever wanted for Christmas was to go and see Justin Bieber in concert.
Once it was Christmas day she walked into the living room and she saw that santa left her many presents under the tree.
She was very excited when she found the Justin Bieber concert tickets under the tree.
On the day of the concert she got ready but her mom walked in and told her it was cancelled because of the snow. She was very sad.
She went in her room and cried her eyes out. When her mom called her into the next room.
She saw Justin Bieber sitting on her couch. She was shocked! She gave him a big hug.
When she looked outside she saw his bus. He asked her if she wanted front row tickets and she said, "yes".
The end.

Vocabulary Words
house
door
window
car
truck
bicycle
dog
cat

A Christmas Story
Christmas time is so much fun!
I love Christmas trees.
I love to decorate the tree with ornaments.
I hang a wreath on the front door of the house.
Santa visits our house on Christmas Eve to leave us presents.
On Christmas Eve night I leave milk and cookies for the reindeer.
It is so exciting to open the gifts on Christmas morning - December 25!
It is fun to see my friends and family on Christmas.
I hope it snows on Christmas.
I love the Christmas holiday!

How to Make a Candy Train
Candy Train
First get gum, life savers, and frosting.
Spread the frosting on the gum.
Put life savers on top.
Get four round mints and frosting.
Spread frosting on mints.
Put mints on train.
Spread frosting on each candy before them putting on the train.
Put a Rolo on top in back of train.
Put a Starburst on the Rolo.
Put a kiss on top in front of train.
Put a peanut butter cup on the front.
Put a Hershey bar on back if you want.
Happy Holidays!

12 Days of Christmas in Miss C.'s Room
The 12 Days of Christmas in Miss C.'s classroom.
12 Christmas lights
11 jacks a-spinning.
10 plastic dinos.
9 chocolate cookies.
8 balls a-bouncing.
7 rocks for climbing.
6 cats a-laying.
5 snowmen rocking.
4 horses dancing.
3 PSR 170s.
2 Santa hats.
and 1 Santa driving!

Offspring
Offspring are living babies.
Offspring look like their parents.
Offspring do not look exactly like their parents.
Some might be a different color.
Some have a different eye color.
Offspring can be shorter or taller than their parents.
Offspring can have a similar pattern in their shell.
They can have similar fur color.
How are you similar to your parents?

Spicey Cookies with Betty Crocker Mix
In order to make spicey cookies with Betty Crocker mix, you will need the following ingredients:
1 package of Betty Crocker Molasses cookie mix.
1 stick of butter or margarine (1/4 cup).
1 egg (brown or white).
1 tablespoon water.
Any extra spices that you like: cinnamon, nutmeg, or cloves.
Soften the butter by microwaving it for 10  to 15 seconds in the microwave oven.
Put all ingedients in a mixing bowl. Stir until the dough forms.
Make dough into small balls using a teaspoon.
Yummy tip: roll the cookies in sugar before baking.
All raw cookies are placed on  ungreased cookie sheets.
Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the oven at 375 degrees.
Let the hot cookies cool down.
Yummy cookies! Eat up!

Space
The moon is small.
The milky way is very big.
There are things in space.
Their are galaxies in space.

X Factor: A News 2 Story
X Factor
The X Factor is a new TV singing contest.
The show is looking for a new superstar.
Singers age 12 and older can audition.
Singing groups could audition too.
Four judges mentor the singers.
The X Factor finals are December 21st and 22nd.
The winner gets a five million dollar prize.
They may also become a singing superstar!

What I Want for Christmas
I want transformers!
I want Legos - lots and lots of Legos!
I want more Legos! Star Wars Legos!
I want Power Rangers Samarai!
Merry Christmas from Kuji!

Monster Trucks
They make big jumps over cars. Cool! The trucks are as big as the school bus.
These lift monster trucks when they tip over.
Air Force After Burner is the greatest monster truck. He is a good monster truck driver...
They get ready to start their engines; it's big. The engine goes fast.
It is like the Disney XD  truck. It is a TV show.

Santa Claus
Santa Claus.
Santa Claus does many things.
He gives us gifts.
Santa can watch you when you are sleeping and when you are awake.
He has to organize presents and check his list.
Santa is generous!

Elves
Elves.
Elves make a lot of different toys.
Elves make yo-yos.
They make toy soldiers.
Elves make movies.
Elves are hard workers.

Smurfs Love Christmas
Smurfs love Christmas.
Smurfs think Christmas is the best time of the year.
They can show each  other how much they love one another.
Papa Smurf takes care of the little Smurfs.
The Smurfs share with each other.
Smurfs think Christmas is wonderful!

Our Christmas Tree
Our Christmas Tree has a star on top!
Santa puts presents under our Christmas Tree.
Our Christmas Tree is big!
We put ornaments on our Christmas Tree.
We put lights on our Chritmas Tree.
We decorate our Christmas Tree.

Weather
There are all kinds of weather.
The weather determines the kinds of clothes we wear.
Can you point to clothes?
When it's hot, we can wear shorts.
Can you point to shorts?
It's hot at the beach in the summertime.
Can you point to hot?
When it's cold, we wear a jacket.
Can you point to the jacket?
It's cold in the winter.
Can you point to cold?
When it's sunny, we can play outside.
Can you point to the sun?
When it's raining, we need to stay inside.
Can you point to rain?
If we go outside in the rain, we need an umbrella.
Can you point to the umbrella?
What is the weather like today?

Medieval Castles
Castles were made using stone, brick, wood, and mortar. The builders used axes, saws, and an anvil hammer to build the castles.
Castles were built on steep hillsides or near river crossings for convenience and defense.
Castles were surrounded by a moat for strength and defense.
Some castles had a drawbridge to enter the castle.
Castles had watchtowers in the outer walls for defense.
Some rooms found in a castle were the great hall, chapel, kitchen, dungeon, and treasury.
Also found in a castle were living quarters for the lord and his knights.
Horse stables were located inside the castle to keep them safe.

Glaciers in Alaska
There are many glaciers in Alaska.
We rode a helicopter to the glacier.
We walked on the Mendenhall Glacier.
It was very cold.
The melted ice formed this lake.
The glacier has deep cracks.
We also saw the Hubbard Glacier.
We could not walk on it.
It is growing everyday.
Glaciers are interesting.
This is where a piece of ice broke off.
Glaciers are a natural beauty.

ants
This is a black ant.
This is a red ant. They can bite you.
This is a plastic ant figure.
This is a queen ant.
This is a fire ant queen.
This is a fire ants nest. Stay away from it!

Me-maw and Pe-paw
Me-maw and Pe-paw went to Dollywood in the Fall of 2011.
They saw lots of pretty sites.
They rode the train.
They ate lots of good food!
They rode rides.
One ride bounced and bumped.
They enjoyed some shows.
There was so much to see.
What would it be like to see Dollywood again?
What about during the spring, summer, winter and fall?
Well, wonder no more!
You now have season passes!
Merry Christmas!
We love you both very much! 

Love,
 your children and grandchildren

Happy Christmas!
Once upon a time,
good news came from Heaven.
Everybody wanted to know the child,
who was born next to the sea.
Shepherds and pirates.
Mermaids and fishermen.
Dolphins and sea horses.
Melchior,
Gaspar,
and Balthasar.
The Three Wise Men brought three gifts
gifts to baby Jesus.
Everybody was so happy,
because still nowadays
it's Christmas time!

Christmas Time
Santa brings presents to our house.
The snowman has a black top hat.
The lights glow in the village.
The lights on the tree are glowing.
The three kings are glad to see baby Jesus.
The glass ornaments glitter.
We sing Christmas carols.
On Dasher, on Dancer, on Prancer, on Vixen, On Comet on Cupid, On Donner, and Blitzen
The elves help Santa.
We decorate the tree with tinsel.
Can you find the pickle?
Charlie Brown wants a real tree.
The Grinch climbs down the chimney.
Santa will be glad we left him some milk and cookies!
I like hot chocolate.
Santa Claus is coming to town!
The lights glitter and glow.

Christmas Eve
Santa is coming on Christmas Eve with his reindeer and Rudolph.
Santa brings presents for all good kids.
This year I hope Santa brings me a PlayStation 3.
I would like Santa to bring me the collection of FIFA - the soccer games.
I also would love him to bring me video games with cars.
The game, HALO, is also one of my favorite games that I wish Santa will bring me.
After Santa brings our presents, we play them all day and night.

Lowrider Memories
I like lowriders because when I was little my dad and his friend owned a bunch of lowriders!
Me and my dad and my dad's friend had a lot of fun!
Me and my auncle have a lowrider bike!
I have a small truck just like this one!
My great grandpa has one of these in his garage!
My neighbor has one of these!
My dad's friend has this one too!
I saw this in a book about lowriders!
My uncle Usdeto has one of these!
Cool!
My friend's dad has one of these!
One of my favorites!
My favorite truck in the world: the Escalade!
Money car!
My uncle has one of these!

Christmas Cookies
Every year I make Christmas cookies with my mom.
We made sugar cookies in the shape of a heart.
We also made sugar cookies in the shape of a star.
My family eats the cookies, but not the dogs because they will get sick. This looks like my dog, Carmer.
Christmas cookies are so yummy!

Seaman, the bravest dog on the journey!
Hi, my name is Seaman and I am Meriwether Lewis's dog.
I am a black Newfoundland dog and weigh over 150 pounds!
We went on a great adventure west!
I followed my master all the way to the Pacific Ocean.
I got to ride on a Keelboat up the Missouri River.
I got to carry barrels of flour, cornmeal, sugar, salt, coffee and apples for my master.
For fun, I loved to chase fish and rattlesnakes.
I helped my master hand out coats, flags and coins to Native Americans along the way.
We saw bison, antelope and elk all along the Missouri River.
The trip made me a very famous dog in history!

The New Dog Gets A Name
Moe is excited! His friend Molly is coming to play.
Molly likes to play with Moe's new dog.
Molly and Moe want to give the dog a name.
"We could call him Jo, or we could call him Bo!" said Moe.
"Umm..." said Molly.
"I really like the name Jo. And I really like the name Bo", said Molly.
"Oh! I know! Let's call him BoJo!" said Molly.
Come here, BoJo! Come here, BoJo!
BoJo runs to Molly and Moe.
BoJo is a good dog.
Moe likes to play with BoJo.
Molly likes to play with BoJo.

Let's make a flag
Let's make a flag -
red
white
and blue.
What's on the flag?
Stars and
stripes, too.
Let's make a flag -
so we can say:
"I'm proud to be part of the U.S.A."

I like Cookies
I like gingerbread cookies.
And chocolate chip cookies, YUMMY!
I like animal cookies and
even sprinkle cookies!
The Cookie Monster likes cookies too!

Who Will Guide My Sleigh Tonight?
Who Will Guide My Sleigh Tonight?
The job is too big for me. I need help!
I had the sleigh. But one helper just wouldn't do it.
I asked the Cats, but they were too small.
I asked the elephants, but the babies were too little.
I asked the puppies, but all they wanted to do was sleep. ZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
I asked the zebras, but they just wanted to play.
I was going to ask the gold fish, but that would have been ridiculous!
I decided to ask the Reindeer, and they helped me.
Maybe next year the moose will do it.

Christmas
My house lights hang outside.
I want a present for Christmas.
I like to help mom cook during Christmas time.
I want to eat Christmas cookies.
I want to eat candy canes during Christmas.
I want to go to Ross and shop.
I want watch the movie Rudolph.
I want go to a Christmas party.
Christmas is fun with my family.
I like to watch it snow during Christmas time.

troll dolls
This is a Santa Clause troll.
There is a pantie troll in this picture.
These trolls are in a hexagon.
Who likes the pirate troll?
Trolls are on this t-shirt.
Trolls are taking over the world!!!
There are four trolls in this picture.
HI!!
There are trolls on this shelf.
This troll has red hair.
These trolls are on a car.
I'm in a cup!!!
I'm playing music.
Green hair.
These trolls are on a taxi car.
This is a fairy princess troll.
This is a Chinese troll.
These trolls are on a taxi car... AGAIN!!!!
HEY!
These trolls are all driving a car.
Can you find the tiny troll?
This troll has fairy wings.
This troll is an angel.
This troll is in a tree.
This is a baby troll.
HELLO!!!!!
Trolls.
Bye bye!

Cute Animals!
Cute Animals!
Awwww, it's a mama monkey with her baby!
That is just plain cute. How can you not agree with me?
Dogs are always cute! Well, not all the time!
Thats so cute, but I have no idea what it's called.
That's the cutest cat I've ever seen in my life!
The End!

Food groups!
Strawberrys are friuts.
Carrots are vegetables.
Bread is a grain.
Chicken is a meat.
Cheese is a dairy product.
You should eat out of every catagory listed in this book.

This is my Bear!
I sleep with my bear.
I like my bear.
I like Thomas.

I Found a Friend in You
I was sad and I felt all alone.
I felt that I had no friends to call my own.
My world seemed dark and out to get me.
I ran as fast as I could dodging the trees.
But my friend, Angel Dog, came to my rescue.
He showed me friends. He showed me you!

Learning about matter
Learning about matter
A solid has a size and a shape
a liquid takes the shape of it's container.
A gas does not have a shape.

Learning about  matter
Learning about matter.
A solid has a size and a shape.
A liquid takes the shape of it's container.
A gas does not have a shape.

Laerning About Matter
Matter can be a liquid, solid, or gas.










 g
g

Laerning About Matter
A liquid takes the shape of it's container.
A solid has a size and a shape.
A gas dose not have a shape.

Scary Roller Coasters
Scary roller coasters
This is us on the scary roller coaster.
This is called the Cyclone.
I chopped the clowns head of because he scared me.
This is the roller coaster my friend threw up on.
That is me and my friend  screaming.
My friend is crying.
My friend got scared when I told him this is called the Ninja.
My friends were scared on this roller coaster called King Du Ka.
I got wet when I past trough the water.
It took very long to get off.
We had a great time today.

Different Kinds of Pups
This puppy is sleepy.
"Cool glasses, dude!"
"Argh! Help! I'm squished."
"We're twins!"
"I'm sleeping. Leave me alone!"
"We're some cool dogs."
"I'm itchy. Help!"
"..."
This are newborns.
"Ummm..."
"I'm lost. Someone help me."
"What did you say about me?"

Recycling
Reuse, Reduce, and Recycle
If we reuse, reduce, and recycle then less trash will end up in the landfills.
It takes years for trash to fall apart.
We can help by reusing plastic containers.
We can help to reduce waste by using our lunch boxes.
We can help recycle newspaper, magazines, and notebooks which helps create more paper.
We can help recycle cardboard, plastic, glass, metals, and paper.
If we can reuse, reduce and recycle this will help create new bottles, paper, metals and many more products we use in our lives.
It will help keep less trash on Mother Earth.

Jingle Bells
Dashing through the snow.
In a one horse open sleigh.
Over the hills we go.
Laughing all the way.
Bells on bobtail rings,
making spirit bright.
What fun it is
to ride and
and sing
a sleighing song
tonight!
JINGLE BELLS, JINGLE BELLS.
Jingle all the way.
Oh, what fun it is to sing
a sleighing song tonight.

Learning About Matter
Learning About Matter
A solid has a size and a shape.
A liquid takes the shape of it's comtainer.
A gas does not have a shape.

They  all  matter
They all matter.
A solid has a size and shape.
A gas does not have a shape.
A liquid takes the shape of its container.

Learning About Matter
Learning About Matter
There are 3 states of matter.
Solids can turn to a liquid and a gas.
This is a solid that cannot turn to a liquid or gas.

The Vessel of Baked Clay
Melissa fills the water jar at the spring.
But while walking home,
she stumbles and breaks the urn.
Her mother tells her to hurry home and fetch another urn.

The Snow Tree
aprillittle
The tree fell and was laying in the water.
The tree has a lot of snow on it.
The tree has snow around it.
The tree is beside the road.
The tree was covered with snow.
The tree was near the building .
The tree was near the gate.
The tree had snow all over it and on the road.
The tree had leaves on it and the leaves fell to the ground.

the cat
A book by 
Felicia.
The cat was so scared of him that when he picked the cat up it cat went crazy.
The cat looked up.
The cat went to the store and got some milk.
The cat was so crazy he really hates his life so bad because he was the only animal on the earth.
The cat was scary.

Survival Guide
fire
water
tools & weapons
shelter
food

BULLY FREE
If you're a bully, you can make people be in a lot of pain.
It's important to take a stand if you're bullied.
Don't stay mean words to your friends. That's not nice!
If you see someone else being bullied, don't be a bystander! Stand up for them.
If you leave people out, then they will be sad.
If you're being bullied, you should tell a trusted adult.
You should have good friends who are nice to you!
It's important not to laugh at people.
If you treat people with respect, then it makes them not want to be a bully.

WALL  E 2
This is Wall E.
This is Wall E in the shadow.
This is R2D2.
Where is Wall E? Nowhere.
They are building Wall E.
Wall E needs help.
Where is Wall E? Nowhere.
This is day 61.
He is in a video game.
He is playing music.
Wall E has a friend. Where is it?
He has a lot of friends!
This is Wall E.
This is Eve and R2D2.
Snow! Snow! Snow!
He is spilling oil.
This is Wall E.
This is Wall E.
Day! Day! Day!
Fog! Fog! Fog!
Eve! Eve! Eve!
Wall E! Walle E! Wall E!
He is visiting Hawaii.
He finds a key.
He loves Eve.
He has trash.
These look like Wall E.
This is one Wall E.
Wall E.

Wall E
Wall E lives in a trashy place.
This is his boat.
Oh Wall E hates cats.
"Oh! What is your name?" said Wall E.
So Wall E ran under a couch.
After a while Wall E...
...came out to see if the cat was gone.
He did not see the cat anywhere.
Wall E has a fork to hurt rex.
Hello you guys. We hear that you did something to rex.
Hey Wall E, this is Iron Man.
Hey, I got a letter. It's from Santa.
Wall E loves to fight jawas.
No, Wall E! Don't touch that! It will kill you, Wall E.
More snow, more snow, please.
I am hungry, and I need some trash.
"What is all this shiny stuff?" said Wall E.
Finally I found some trash that I can eat.
Why did I rob money from someone?
I hope you like my book.

My 5 Senses
I use my senses to explore my world.
My ears are for hearing.
My ears let me hear animal sounds.
My eyes are for seeing.
My eyes let me see the colors of the world.
My hands are for touching.
My hands let me feel how soft a  cat's fur is.
My nose is for smelling.
My nose lets me smell beautiful flowers.
My tongue is for tasting.
My tongue lets me taste yummy ice cream.
My 5 senses teach me about the world.

Bailey's Funny Dogs
Dogs are being read to.
There are all different kinds of dogs.
Did you know that dogs get presents too?
There big dogs and little dogs.
Dogs are cute and funny at the same time.
Some dogs don't have owners and some do.
Some dogs have spots, some have none. Some are black, and some are different colors.
Some dogs are locked up in cages and some are not.
Did you know that some dogs don't like cats and some do?
They all over the world. Some are used to cold and even some can't stand it.
Is that cute or what?

Zamboni
A Zamboni on the ice.
Here's some more ice
People play hockey on the ice.
You should go ice skating!
I like the Zamboni machine.

Where we go to school
Where do we go to school?
We go to school in the Milky Way Galaxy.
We go to school in the Solar System.
We go to school on Earth.
We go to school on the continent of North America.
We go to school in the country of The United States of America.
We go to school in the state of New York.
We go to school in Oswego County.
We go to school in the Village of Phoenix.
We go to school on Elm Street.
We go to school at Michael A. Maroun Elementary School.

Thanksgiving Traditions
Every family has special Thanksgiving traditions.  These are our traditions.
I will play with my brothers on Thanksgiving.
My family goes to church on Wednesday.  That is my tradition.
I always go to Grandma's house.
With my family, we watch football.  We want the Bills to win!
My family's favorite tradition, is watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade on Thanksgiving.
My family eats turkey with me on Thanksgiving.
My family and I play games.  We play cards.
My family eats dinner.  We eat turkey.

The Big Soccer Game
Today is the big game. I am so excited!
The fans start to come into the stadium.
I am nervous as I walk into the stadium. I can hear the fans cheer.
I walk out on the field. My heart is beating fast.
The ball is kicked to me. I kick the ball into the net. GOAL!!!
My team won the big game!!

/Tr/ Vocabulary
Troops start with TR
Tractor starts with TR
Train starts with TR
Tree starts with TR
Trail starts with TR
Trap starts with TR
Treat starts with TR
Trolls start with TR
Truck starts with TR
Trunk starts with TR
Train Tracks start with TR
Trout starts with TR: and I TRIED them all!

Twilight
Twilight is the first book in the "Twilight Series".
New Moon is the second book.
Eclipse is the third book.
Breaking Dawn is the fourth book.
One of the characters is named Bella. She is in love with Edward. She is a normal person.
Another  character is Edward. People think he is cute! He is a vampire.
One more character is Jacob. He is so HOT! He is a werewolf.
In this picture are all the werewolves.
In this picture are all the vampires.
You can buy the movies at the store.

I Love Butterflies
Butterflies are blue.
Butterflies are spotted.
Butterflies are colorful.

Totally Terrific Thanksgiving Dinner
Sam loves turkeys and Thanksgiving.
Turkeys waddle, gobble and peck.
Candy turkeys are tasty dandy.
Big beautiful bird!
Turkeys are willy, nilly silly.
Cooked turkeys look like a big brown ball with legs.
Best of all, Yeah, no school---COOL!

Dinosaurs
Some dinosaurs have horns.
Some dinosaurs are small.
Some dinosaurs are tall.
Some dinosaurs eat meat.
Some dinosaurs eat plants.
Some dinosaurs can swim.
ROAR!

Wingdings and Things: A-Z
The ant is ardently adventurous.
The bee is beautifully buzzing.
A cricket carefully crawls.
The dragonfly delicately dances.
An earthworm is excitedly earthbound.
The fireflies are full of ferocious flare.
A grasshopper is graciously galloping in the grass.
The honey bee is a hive helper.
An Indian Leaf butterfly is an individual insect.
A junebug is jumping in jubilee.
The katydid is a karaoke king.
A locust is lively and leaping.
A moth is mighty and magnificent.
A Northern Corn rootworm is nice and nearly neat.
The Orange Spotted Tiger moth is overly obvious.
The praying mantis is perfectly at peace.
The Queen butterfly is quietly quick.
A roach is rank and repulsive.
The spider is stealthly sublime.
A termite is tiny and timely.
The Underwing moth is uplifting and useful.
The Velvet ant is vivacious and vigorous.
The weevil is waiting and wishing.
The Xerces butterfly is exciting and making exclamations.
The yellow jacket is youthful and yearning.
A Zebra Swallowtail butterfly is zippy and zappy.
Spiders, butterflies, and flies...oh my!!

Colorful Candy!
It's a candy rainbow!
These are called Jelly Bellies!
Yuck it's worms!
It's candy land!
It's lolly pop world!
Look at all the sprinkles!
This is some candy in cups!
Here's some more candy!
He climbed to the top!
There is so much candy!YUM!
It's an army of peeps!
Here is some bubble gum. POP!
We all shout for candy!

Because of Winn-Dixie  Chapter 1-4
BECAUSE OF WINN-DIXIE
India Opal Buloni lived in a trailer park in Florida with her father, the preacher.
One day he sent her to buy some groceries at the supermarket.
While Opal was shopping she heard a scuffle in the produce aisle.
The manager was yelling to catch a dog who was loose in the store.
The dog was running so fast that he knocked some fruits down.
All of a sudden, the dog stopped in front of Opal and smiled. What a strange sight!
She decided to take him home and ask her father if they could keep him. Opal named him Winn-Dixie.
When her father saw his face and heard Opal's plee he agreed to keep him for awhile.
After Opal made Winn-Dixie look pretty and smell good, she asked her father to tell her ten important things about her mother.
Her father told that her mother was: 1. funny 2. She had red hair and freckles...
3. She loved to plant things. 4. She could run fast...
5. She couldn't cook, 6. She loved stories and she she loved to read...
7. She knew about all the stars in the sky. 8. She did not want to be a preacher's wife...
9. She drank too much. 10. She loved Opal very much. But she still left both of them behind.
Opal decided to write down these important things down so that if she ever met her mother, she would be able to recognize her.

Things Dixie likes
Dixie likes M&M's.
Dixie likes donuts.
Dixie likes mac & cheese.
Dixie likes cupcakes.
Dixie likes cookies.
Dixie likes birthday cake.
Dixie LOVES pizza.

Big Cats
These are lions.
These are tigers.
This is a panther.
This is lion, tiger, and panther food.

Don't Do Pot
Pot can harm your life in many ways.
If you smoke pot, your lungs will look like this.
You may get depressed when you smoke pot.
When you smoke pot, it lowers your sperm count.
When you smoke pot it kills a lot of brain cells.
When you smoke pot, you are not as coordinated as you were before.
Don't Do Drugs!

Hatchet Survival Guide
Fire is important because it keeps you warm.
Food is important to Brian so he does not die of starvation.
The hatchet is important to Brian because he can use it to cut wood for his fire.
Shelter was important to Brian to keep him dry and protected from animals.
Water was important to Brian so he would not die of thirst.

BURTON survival guide
Fire gives you warmth and light.
Fish gives you food for energy.
Hatchets are important for cutting and chopping.
Shelter is important to get sleep and rest, to hide food, and for protection.
Water is important to survive because you need to stay cool and hydrated.

Balto's survival guide
Fire is important because you can use it to cook food or keep you warm.
Fish are an important source for survival, because that's what you can eat if you are next to a lake.
A hatchet is important because it is a tool so you can use for many things.
Shelter is important so you don't freeze to death.
Water is import if you are stranded somewhere so you can drink it. It has to be lake water, though.

Lane survival guide
Fire is important because you need warmth.
Food is important because with out food you will not be able to survive.
You need tools to survive because you could cut down wood.
You will need shelter to survive.
You need water to survive.

Tobin Survival Guide
Fire is important because it gives you warmth, light, and keeps away predators and mosquitoes.
Food is important because it gives you the energy to do everything and keeps you from starving.
Tools are important so you can make all the things that you need to hunt, eat, and make shelter.
Shelter is important so you can protect yourself from the weather and it gives you a place to rest.
Water is important so you can keep hydrated and quench your thirst. You also need it to live.

Lee Austin
Fire is needed to cook food, warmth, and light.
Food is needed to eat.
Tools are important to building sheltars

Bugs!
This is a bug with a shell.
Here are some colorful bugs!
It's a crab spider.
Wow! That's a weird bug.
Look at the fly.
Mantis!!!!
It's a scary spider!
Climbing some grass.
What is that?
Cool bug!

All kinds of puppies
The puppies are playing.
Some puppies like to
bite.
Puppies like road trips.
Dogs scratch with their feet.
This puppy likes to take showers.
This one is tired.
Twins are awesome.
She likes shoes.
She is tired.
She sits with Winnie the Pooh.

Dog Party
The party dogs wake up.
They check their owner 
to see if he's awake.
They see if the girls 
are ready.
Then they go to the pool.
Wow! Nice jump, dude.
Come up here and let me
give you a high five.
Look! The DJs are here.
Oh no! It's the cops!
Run for it!
RUN RUN!
Keep on running.
Oh no he has caught
the party dogs.

Journey to a New Land
Journey to a New Land
We are learning what it was like to sail on the Mayflower.
The Mayflower was very crowded.
During storms, the Mayflower's sails were pulled up so the ship wouldn't be blown off 
course.
The Sailor on lookout was the first to see land.
The Pilgrims lived on the Mayflower during the first winter.
Samoset was the first Native American to become friends with the Pilgrims.
Pilgrims and Native Americans joined together for the first Thanksgiving.
Now when we celebrate Thanksgiving, it reminds us of the Pilgrims.

Dogs
One dog.
One dog and a girl.
One dog and one young man.
One dog and one man.

Let's _______ right now.
Let's _____ right now.
Let' throw snowballs right now.
Let's go see Santa Claus right now.
Let's play with a toy right now.
Let's go to a circus right now.

Daisies
White Dasiy
Pink Daisy
Blue Daisy
Purple Daisy

Pico Almanzor
Look at this mountain!
It is called Pico Almanzor.
It is the tallest mountain in central Spain!
It has snow on the top!

Thanksgiving Thanks
On Thanksgiving I think about all the things I'm thankful for.
I am thankful for my two dachshunds, Bo and Freebie.
I am thankful for my boxer, Aja.
I am thankful for my cat, Skipper.
I am thankful for my family.
I am thankful for my education. I love my school very much.
I am thankful for all my friends. I like my friends very much.
The end.

I'm Thankful for...
I am thankful for everything in my life.
I am thankful for my Grandma and my Grandpa.
I am thankful for my dog.
I am thankful for my cat.
I am thankful for my house.
I am thankful for my room.
I am thankful for my sister.
I am thankful for my school.
I am thankful for my teacher.
I am thankful for my friends.
The end.

Jenks-Hatchet
Fire
Water
Shelter
Food
Tools

The Happy Halloween Dance
The motley crew getting ready to boogy down.
Sam Campion came as scary Chucky but he still had fun.
Melaine was looking for a dance partner and guess who she found? It was Chase.
Joe and John are styling at the dance.
Spiderman AKA (also known as) Luis was spinning his web every dance out on the dance floor.
Captured on the dance floor by Screem (aka Jerreck) was Fireman Naad-Dre and Wizard Isaiah.
Jasmine is really "boogying down."
Armonie is becoming our "dancing man."
Brandon is joining in the action.
Tyone marches his way across the dance floor.
The competetion became fierce between Joe & Jasmine.
Sandy and John are really getting down.
Dancing like there's no tomorrow...
We were rockin' on the dance floor.
Movin' and groovin' together.
Cathy, Carly, and Sandy are moving to the tunes.
At the end of the day a good time was had by all.

Fruit
A for apple
B for banana
C for cantelope
D for dewberry
E for eggplant
F for fig
G for grapes

Circle Time
We sit in a circle.
At circle time we usually do the calendar.
Sometimes we sing songs.
I will try to sit still and listen.

A cat´s Saturday
I get up at 7 o´clock.
I go shopping.
I meet my friends.
I watch TV.
I play hide and seek.
I do some exercise.
I have a "siesta."
Is anybody there?
I have dinner.
We go out for a beer.
We play the violin.
I had a long and exciting day.

Summer
The summer is the time to spend time with your family.
The lake is the place I go when school lets out for the summer. We all have a good time at the lake.
Tubing is fun to do when you're swimming because you get pulled behind a boat and you get to go fast.
Camping is fun to when you have a fire so you can have smores.
Hiking is fun to because you get to explore the moutains.
Playing with your dogs and teach them tricks.
Fishing is fun to cause you get to have a alot of fun.
Jet-skiing is fun because you get to go fast and can get thrown off.

Horses
Horses are fast and easy to ride, but you have to know what you're doing.
Some can do tricks and are are very senstive.
Some can be trained to rope calves.
Some you have to break so you don't get bucked off.
Some are trained to jump gates.
Thoroughbred horses are trained to race.
Half-lingers are trained to haul trailer and wagons.
These are mustangs.

When You're in the Wild
When the fire burns, it gives off warmth and light.
Raspberries are one of the foods that will give you energy.
A hatchet will help you make tools to survive and to hunt.
You will need to build a shelter to protect you from animals and harsh weather.
You will need a water source or you will get dehydrated.

Lee Survival Guide
Fire
Water
Food
Shelter
Tools/Weapons

Let's Make Donuts:  Steps in a  Process
Let's Make Donuts!!
Steps in a Process:  Making Donuts
Step 1:
Get ingredients
Can of biscuits
Electric skillet
Oil
Step 2:
Take biscuits out of can and put on plate.
Step 3:
Make a hole in the biscuit.
Step 4:
Turn electric skillet to 350 degrees and pour in oil until it is 1/2 inch deep.
Step 5:
Put donuts into oil. Cook for 40 seconds on each side.
Step 6:
Take donuts out of skillet.  BE CAREFUL...IT'S HOT!!
Step 7:
Frost and decorate the donuts.
Finally....EAT THE DONUTS!!!

jeremiah book
This is Bigfoot.
This is a hunter.
This is Bigfoot.
This is a footprint.
He eats a lot of animals.
This is Bigfoot.
He lives in the woods.
This is a fake Bigfoot.
This is a sign that warns people of Bigfoot.

Jacob K
JACOB
Jelly
Apple
Carrot
Orangutan
Bee

Jake B
JAKE
Jump
Apple
Kite
Elk

DRE
DRE
DOG
RABBIT
ELEPHANT

Animals
We love cats.
Penguins live in the cold.
Camels are kings of the desert.
Tigers love to eat meat.

Jacquline's Letter T Book
Tiger
Toes
Teeth
Turtle
Table
Toliet
Tootise Roll
Two

Washing Hands
We need clean hands.
Ooooh-dirty hands!
Go to the sink.
Turn on the water.
Get some soap.
Wash your hands with soap.
Rinse your hands.
Dry your hands.
Put the towel in the trash.
Now our hands are clean.
Hurray!

Food is Good
There are 4 boxes of pizza sitting on the table.
This is a plate full of hot wings and they look very very good.
She is so cute and she is so beautiful.
This is hamburger and fries and it makes me so hungry!
This is a boy, and a girl eating ice cream.

Winter
Winter is a nice season to make a snowman.
It's a beautiful season.
I love to ride snowmobiles.
The End.
p.s. This is a short story.

Recycling is always an ART!
Recycling can always be art! Especially if you can use it again!! Check out these recycled works!
This house is made from recycled windows.
These signs are recycled into a workbench.
Furniture can be made from old recycled bicycle tires.
Wouldn't you like to stomp on this? How about a rug for the house made from junk mail?
Fashion can be recycled. This purse is made from pop tops.
This is a pin you can wear on your shirt of a pop top little guy.
Isn't this a beautiful necklace? It's recycled too!
How about starting a garden from recycled cans?
I like this garden the best. A moving garden.
How about some boots made from recycled cereal boxes?
Want to wear "Capri Sun's" on your dress and hand bag?
Christmas is coming! Recycled Altoid tins make this pretty Christmas tree!
How do you beat time?
What to do with old computer chips? Make a trivet to hold your hot pots!
Let's decorate with colorful recycled containers and light. Let's have a recycling party!!

Book of dogs
Nice dog.
Nice collar.
Look at the siblings.
Laying down.

Water in the Kitchen and Bathroom
I love the kitchen.
I wash food in the sink.
I clean dishes in the sink.
The water drips.
The water is in a pitcher...
and then in a cup.
I love my bathroom.
This is a sink.
The water is cold.
This is a bathtub.
The duck is in the Bathtub.
The duck is yellow.
The water is hot.
This is a toilet.
The toilet goes flush!

Montana
My state is Montana.
Montana is in the U.S.A.
Montana is in North America.
The capital city is Helena.
The Governer works at the office building.
Yellowstone National Park is a famous landmark in Montana.

I Love Snow by DR
The snowmobile is blue
The snowmobile is yellow.
I got my snowmobile at   the Fryburg Fair.

This Is My Special Stuff
I love my things.
This is my special toy,  it is a chipmunk.
This is my cute hamster.
These are my special kitty ears.

I like by Toni y Pablo
I like canoeing.
I like horseback riding.
I don't like rollerblading.
I don't like volleyball.

I like by Naiara and Debora
I like canoeing.
I like swimming.
I like  horseback riding.
I like rollerblading.

Daylight At The Sea
At daylight, the ocean greets me with a welcome...
I see the citrus sky as I sit by the sea. I feel its warmth and gentleness...
In the sky,through  the clouds, the sunray beams down on plates of silver...
I see the clouds in the sky moving away with soft winds in front of the blue sky while the waters are still...
The clouds beneath the deep blue sky and over the sea reflect like a mirror with a beautiful face...
As daylight diminishes, the beam shines bright on the sea and the sunset begins..
The clouds rush over the citrus sky as the sea darkens creating a sense of warmth and silence...
A bold reflection on the sea from the deep blue sky...
A star shining so bright in an open sky reveals a sense of pleasantness and harmony...
As daylight begins to fade,three layers across the sky adjoins with the sea...
The reflection of the clear blue sky over the sunset with the colors of  orange and blue...
A brilliant ray of light filled energy bring love and joy...

joseph h
MT. McKinley is tallest mountain in the America.
The Mississippi river is the logest river.
This is a fall day.
This is the coast of England.

Bats
The bats are flying.
The three bats are flying.
One bat is hanging.
A bat is in a leaf.

What Dogs Might Say If They Could Talk
"Hi, I'm happy!"
"It is hot."
"I can never do anything with my hair."
"Where's the plane?"
"Can I go home with you?"
"Hi, I am shy."
"Do you think I am cute?"
"I love the grass."
"Yuck."
"Where's dinner?"
"I will protect you."
"You are so soft."
"Mom, let's play."
"That's my toy."
"Oh, the sand is hot!"
"Please, let me out."
"Slow down!"
"I'm tired."
"We love puppy hot tubs."
"The sun is in my eyes."
"Will you be my friend?"
"Play, get the ball again!"
"Do you like my new collar?"
"That soda was good."
"I love to play in the leaves."
"Quiet, don't say anything."
"Trick or treat!"
"That tickles."
"Thanks, mom."
"I just had a bath last week."
"This flower smells sweet."
"It's cold."
"My person loves me."

Rabbits
It is cold out here!
If I stay really still, they will think I'm a statue.
Here are two rabbits in the park.
Here are three cute baby rabbits.
A kitten and a rabbit together.

The New Playground
I am standing underneath the new playground.
I am standing on top of the playground.
I am going up the bridge.
I am going down the bridge.
I am climbing up the ladder.
I like the new playground, especially the bridge!

WE LOVE THE FIREBIRDS
FIREBIRD FOOTBALL!!!
This is Josh. He is number 10.
This is Zack. He is number 44.
This is Terron. He is number 88.
This is Tracey. He is number 22.
Together they make a great team!
To play football you have to listen to the coach...
Study hard...
And be ready to get DIRTY!
In football you have to kick the ball really far!!
And be ready to stop the other team from scoring a touchdown!
You have to hit and hit hard!
In football you have to run really fast. RUN FAST, JOSH!!
RUN FAST, TRACEY!!
RUN FAST, TERRON!!
TOUCHDOWN!!! FIREBIRDS WIN!!
Thanks for coming to our class! Good luck in the Play-Offs!
ALL IN, BABY!

Water Moves
Water Moves
Water moves
in rivers
in oceans
in lakes
and in streams.
Water moves.
Water warms and steam forms
into clouds.
Clouds grow,
and rain falls,
or snow.
Water melts into streams, lakes and seas.
Water warms and moves.
The cycle begins again.
This is the water cycle.

Brushing Your Teeth
Brushing your teeth is easy.
1. Put toothpaste on your toothbrush.
2. Brush your teeth back and forth.
3. Don't quit until the timer is done!!
4. Rinse your toothbrush.
You brushed your teeth!!!

What Brent Can Do With A Cup Pourer
There are a lot of things I can do with my cup pourer. I can use it with a gooseneck switch to pour birdseed in milk jugs.
I push the switch and all the seeds pour into the jug. I have to keep it going until the pouring cup is empty.
I can also make food for my lunch. Here I am pouring smiley potatoes onto a tray to cook in the oven.
I pour out just the right amount.
I also love to make pizza! I use a bumpy yellow switch this time.
I get to pour on my own sauce. I make it just how I like it.
With lots and lots of sauce.
Then I add just a little bit of cheese.
I love to make my own food. It makes me feel so independent!
One of my jobs is to fill Frisch's kids packs with crayons.....
wait... for.... it
wait....for....it
wait...for...it
OOOP There is it!! Crayons in the bag and ready to go!!!

Eating a Banana
Get the banana.
Peel the banana.
Eat the banana.

I Love the Color Red
This is read.
The car is red.
The sky is read.
The leaves are read.
The door is read.
The  christmas ornament is red.
The starfish is red.
The strawberries are red.
The cardinal is red.
The tomato is red.
The fox red.
The umbrella is red.
The flower is red.
The apple is red.
The house is red.
The bag is read.
The shoes are red.
The hat is red.
The ball is red.
Ms. Sage loves red do you.

Christmas
This is a Christmas tree.
This is model of Saint Nick made of LEGOs.
This is a red ornament.
These are red and gold ornaments.
This house is ready for Christmas.
These are some colorful trees.
It's almost Christmas Eve.
These are snowmen decorations.
Here are some more snowmen.
This is a candle that is lit.
This is a reindeer.
These are his friends.
Here is another reindeer.
These are some light-up reindeer.
Woof! I'm Santa's helper!
Hi!
These are some golden presents.
Merry Christmas to all of you who are reading this book!

In a cats life.
This is an angry cat.
It's going to eat us!
What is over the wall?
The farmer is coming.
I didn't do it!
I am not going to hurt you.
I am so small, life is so hard.
Cuddle with me.

Fun Foods
We are going to eat the food we love.
Donuts are good to eat with sprinkles.
We all love fancy and pretty donuts.
She has a mouth full of noodles!
We get candy on Halloween.
I could eat these M & M's right now!!
These cupcakes are good to eat.
We will eat a cupcake at a party.

I love puppies
Puppies like me.
I like cute puppies.
These puppies are running.
This puppy is sleeping.

I Love Puppies
This  puppy  is   small.
This  puppy  is   cute.
This  puppy  is   big.
This  puppy is  lonely.
These  puppies  are  sleeping.
These puppies are  twins.
There  are  a lot  of  puppies here.
There  are  two  puppies.

12 DAYS OF HALLOWEEN
This is a Song Book, sung to the tune of 12 Days of Christmas. Turn off the sound.
On the 1st. day of Halloween my true love gave to me, A WHITE OWL IN A DEAD TREE.
On the 2nd. day of Halloween my true love gave to me,
 2 TRICK OR TREATERS AND...
On the 3rd. day of Halloween my true love gave to me,
 3 BLACK CATS...
On the 4th. day of Halloween my true love gave to me,
 4 SKELETONS..
On the 5th. day of Halloween my true love gave to me,
 5 SCARY SPOOOOKS...
On the 6th. day of Halloween my true love gave to me,
 6 GOBLINS GOBBLING
On the 7th. day of Halloween my true love gave to me,
 7 PUMPKINS GLOWING...
On the 8th. day of Halloween my true love gave to me, 
8 MONSTERS SHRIEKING...
On the 9th. day of Halloween my true love gave to me,
 9 GHOSTS A BOOING...
On the 10th. day of Halloween my true love gave to me,
10 GHOULS A GROANING...
On the 11th. day of Halloween my true love gave to me,
 11 MASKS A LEERING...
On the 12th. day of Halloween my true love gave to me,
 12 BATS A FLYING...

Trolls
Here are millions of trolls.
This is a Chinese troll.
This is a princess troll.
This troll looks like strawberry short cake.
This troll has green hair.
This looks like a angel.
This troll is in a cup.
This is another Chinese lookin' troll.
This troll looks like it's going to the fashion show.
Does this troll look like a girl?
This is a fairy troll.
This is an Indian troll.
This troll looks like it's going to a ball.
Hey!
This is a mermaid troll.
Friends.
These are tiny trolls.
Can you find the tiny trolls?
Lots of trolls on a shelf.
There are trolls on this t-shirt.
These trolls are taking over a car!
This is a troll car.
Troll staring contest!!!

Bats
This bat is spreading out his wings.
These bats are hanging on a branch.
These bats are flying.
There are so many bats.

Sadness
People die and it hurts.
And it makes our heart burst.
Now put your flower down and cry.
Some people say please don't die then they go up in the sky.
It's hard to lose someone you loved.
I know for a fact they loved you too, but you don't have to be blue.
Everyone who died still loves you, but now there up where it's blue.
Don't be sad. We all die and you will know the people below.Everyone you know are always with you and that they love you so.

Ashley The Candy Woman!
I will be a Pepsi can for Halloween.
I love to trick or treat at everyones house in the neighborhood.
This Halloween I am going to take all the candy from everyone!
I will take all the reeses peanut butter cups and hersheys chocolate bars that I can get.
No one can stop me. I will eat all the candy I want.
Mommy and daddy will let me eat all the candy all night!
The next morning I will feel sleepy and have a tummy ache.
Mr. Vogel,Miss Luce, Miss C, Miss Pinson, and Mr. Timmons will ask me what is wrong?
I will tell them that I have a big tummy ache from eating all the candy.
I will stay at school all day long and tell everyone I am Ashley the Candy Woman!

For Ryan and Derek
Look at this machine, what is it called?
There are so many machines made by John Deere.
I bet you guys know all the names.
You know what this one is?
Have you drove one of these?
This one is a Big one.
Look they even make a motorbike.
What is this?
This one is waiting to go to work.
Do you have these ones?
Look at them all.
A truck.
Another motor bike. Do you want to ride it?
They even make a John Deere Truck.
There is lots to look at.
Big machine.
What is this one?
Wow, what is this one?

Soccer Team
Soccer is a great sport.
You need a team to play soccer.
Only one player has the ball at a time.
When the other team scores it's okay.
Sometimes I want a pass, but I don't get one.
Other times I do get to touch the ball.
There is a lot of head bumping in soccer.
I even get knocked down some times.
I dribble down the field and look for someone to pass to.
Other players wait patiently for the ball.
They run hoping to get the ball.
I am happy when my friend scores.
When someone scores the whole team celebrates.
It doesn't matter if we win or lose as long as we had fun playing the game.

Witch, Witch What Do You See?
Witch, Witch, What do you see?
I see 15 Hello Kitty cupcakes looking at me!
Witch, Witch, What do you see?
I see 100 scarecrows looking at me!
Witch, Witch, What do you see?
I see 19 vampires looking at me!
Witch, Witch, What do you see?
I see 100 devils  looking at me!
Witch, Witch, What do you see?
I see 5 black cats looking at me!
Happy Spooky Scary Halloween!!!

Dogs and Cats
Here are two cats. They are the man's cats.
Here are two dogs. The dogs are the lady's dogs.
Here are three dogs. They are the man's dogs
Here are three dogs. Whose dogs are these?

I've got Bieber Fever
I am a fan of Justin Bieber
I really like his music.
My all time favorite song is "BABY."
I think that he is singing to me.
I want to meet Justin.
This is Justin at a Wii event.
This is Justin playing guitar at a concert.
The End!!

Justin Bieber's Biggest Fan
I  Justin Bieber's biggest fan!
I like Justin, because he is cute.
My favortie Justin Bieber song is "BABY".
This looks like mu Justin Bieber T-shirt
My dream is to see Justin live and in person at a concert.
I think that he is looking at me in this picture!
Are you a Justin Bieber fan?

Jon's Cheeseburgers!!
Jon rode his horse to McDonalds to get a cheeseburger.
Jon LOVES cheeseburgers.
Sometimes Jon can eat FOUR cheeseburgers.
He does not like mushrooms on his cheeseburgers.
Do you like cheeseburgers?

Curse of Sponge Bob
SpongeBob has to do...
math homework!
Patrick is the teacher.
If all the math is done, students get chocolate stars!

10 Facts all about Justin Bieber
Can you remember these fun facts about Justin Bieber?
He is 17 years old.
He can speak English and French.
His favorite color is purple.
His favorite food is spaghetti.
His celebrity crush is Beyonce.
He is left handed.
He is from Ontario, Canada.
He can play the piano, guitar, trumpet, and drums.
He was discovered on You Tube.
He has a little sister.

What is your name on Halloween?
On Halloween I get to change my name.
My name is Jack.
My name is Black Cat.
My name is Scarecrow.
My name is Black Crow.
My name is Captain Jack Sparrow.
My name is Skeletor.
My name is Ghostly.
My name is Princess.
My name is Green Witch.
My name is Bozo.
What is your name?

Dr. Spider Evil VS Black Widow
My name is Dr. Spider Evil, and I am going to take over the world!
Ghostface is my right hand man.
Jason is the leader of the Dr. Spider Evil Army.
I am Black Widow and I am here to protect the world from Dr. Spider Evil and his band of hooligans.
Freddy Kruger will help me to ward off Dr. Spider Evil.
My band of robots will join us in our quest to defend the world.
Dr. Spider Evil lives here! Shh... it's his secret hide out!
This is the secret combination code for Dr. Spider Evil's base. The code is "EVIL."
The world as we know it, before Dr. Spider Evil tried to take it over!
Dr. Spider Evil and his hooligans tried to destroy the world.
Black Widow attacked Dr. Spider Evil with his sword and it cut Dr. Spider Evil.
Dr. Spider Evil and his hooligans fell into the black hole.
Black Widow enlisted the help of the Southwest Cowboys to protect the world!

What do we need in the Kitchen?
Chrissy and Casey like the kitchen.
We want our soup warm.  What do we need?
A microwave!
We want to make a smoothie.  What do we need?
A blender!
We want to make toast.  What do we need?
A toaster!
We have cookie cutters.  What should we do?
Bake Cookies on a cookie sheet!
We want to stir.  What do we need?
A spoon!
We want to flip our pancakes.  What do we need?
A spatula!
We want to drink our water.  What do we need?
A straw!
We want to bake our potatoes.  What do we need?
An oven.

Lauren's Family
I love my family.
Katherine is my sister. She had a party. We watch movies.
Daddy will take me out on Halloween. We carry a pumpkin.
Daniel is my brother. He is older than me. He likes to swim.
I help mom in the kitchen. My mom takes me to McDonalds.

Brianna's Family
I love my family.
I have an Aunt Cathy, she is 39.
I have a sister named Mackenzie, she wears my clothes. She rides bikes with me. We play games together We play hide and seek.
My mom goes to school in Clay.  She likes to go shopping at Walmart . She  takes care of me.

Roemello's Family
I love my family.
My brother is Kolbey. He plays with me. He rides bikes with me, too.
My mom works with me. She reads books to me.
My sister, Shamika, plays with me. My sister loves me.
My cousin, Nathan goes to middle school. I love my cousin and he  loves me.
My dad goes to work at Docks. He likes to read books.

Walty The Penguin
In 1297, Walty, the greatest penguin of them all, runs to a wired fence.
He picks up his spoon and starts digging. When the hole is big enough, he crawls under the fence.
Meanwhile at home, Walty's parents go on a new trip to Chez the penguin.
Walty's little brother, Joey, hasn't done anything for three days straight.
Meanwhile, out on his own, Walty is realizing something too.
Spotting a poster advertising "Mommy Penguin's Icy Pies," floats down after him.
And Walty walked back home. The end?

It's Pumpkin Season!
It's pumpkin Time! Let's find out how we can grow our own pumpkins!
A pumpkin seed is all you need to begin growing your own pumpkin.
Grab a special cup, container or spot of soil, and plant your seed.
Planting of a pumpkin seed should be in spring when the rain will soften the outside of the seed.
Little by little, the seed will grow roots down into the earth and a green sprout will pop up!
The sprout grows and grows into a vine full of leaves and yellow flowers.
These flowers wilt and then small green knobs begin to grow. These knobs are the pumpkins!
The pumpkins start out small, but as the temperature lowers they swell in size.
Finally in the early fall, large orange pumpkins are left behind on the shriveling vine.
We can decorate with our pumpkins, cut them open for Jack-o-Lanterns or even...
make pumpkin pie!  YUM!

ben franklins life
This a story about Ben Franklin.
He  was very smart.
He discovered electricity.
He invented bifocals.
He invented odometers.
He is on the 100  dollar bill.
He is on many  statues.
When  he died it was sad.
He was awesome!

I Was With
I Was With
I was with my dog.
She was with her cat.
He was with a cow.
I was with my sheep.
He was with the goat.
She was with a horse.
I was with my pig.
He was with his rooster.
She was with her bunny.
We were with animals!

xbox360
This is a controller.
The red ring of death is dangerous.
Brysi makes cool songs about the Xbox 360.
The Xbox 360 is for anyone or anything.
The Xbox 360 vs. the Playstation 3. Which one do you like?
Got game?
The new game coming out.
Marcus, from Gears of War.
This is a very famous game.
This is also a famous game.
This game has been famous for years.

Kaycee's Story
Hi my name is Kaycee.
I live in Fairhaven.
I like to have a bagel and cream cheese for breakfast.
I have a brother named Kevin.
I have a dog named JJ. He is a chocolate lab.
I like to watch the Patriots game with mom and dad.
I like to listen to music.
I like to color for fun.
I like to watch Barney. This is a picture of Barney, Baby Bop, and BJ.
I like to go swimming in my pool at home.
I like it when Dad brings home clam chowder from Mike's restaurant.

Jackson Pollock
Jackson Pollock was an American artist.
He was born in Cody, Wyoming.
He had four older brothers and three of them were artists as well.
He studied with Thomas Hart Benton in NYC.
His art was called "action painting".
He dripped and splattered the paint.
He died in a car accident in 1956.

Vocabulary from The Rainbow Fish
Vocabulary Words from
The Rainbow Fish by Marcus Pfister
This is an OCEAN.
An OCEAN is a body of salt water where lots of animals and plants live.
Touch the OCEAN.
Which picture shows the OCEAN?
These are SCALES
SCALES are small, layered discs that cover the body of animals like fish or lizards.
Touch the SCALES.
Which picture shows SCALES?
This is SHOCKED.
SHOCKED is a feeling that means surprised, or you didn’t expect it to happen.
Touch the face that looks SHOCKED.
Which picture shows SHOCKED?
Touch the picture that shows OCEAN.
OCEAN
Touch the picture that shows scales.
SCALES
Touch the picture that shows SHOCKED.
SHOCKED

Terrific Tiles
A long time ago, in Persia....
Tiles were used to decorate huge spaces.
Beautiful tiles, with so much detail!
Tiles decorated palaces and mosques.
Other cultures also decorated with tiles.
Topkapi Palace, Istanbul, Turkey
Blue Mosque, Istanbul, Turkey
Blue Mosque, Istanbul, Turkey
Alcazar, Spain
Tiles decorate the floor at Marrakech, Morocco.
Tiles decorate a doorway at Khiva.
Such pretty colors and designs!
An English artist named William Morris (1834-1896) loved the tile designs from Persia.
William Morris also made complicated designs.
William Morris designed tiles too.
An American artist named Frank Stella (b. 1936) also loved Persian tiles.
Frank Stella borrowed elements of Persian tile design for his paintings.
Frank Stella's designs were also interlacing, and very large.
Would you like to design tiles with me?

World Series
World Series: News for You
Major League Baseball has 30 teams.
Every team has the same dream. Every team wants to win the World Series.
The 2011 World Series begins on October 19.
Two champion teams will play in the World Series.
The National League champion will play.
The American League champion will play as well.
The two teams will play seven games. The first team to win four games is the winner.
Most teams played their last game on September 28.
But the best teams continued.  Eight teams go to the playoffs.
One will be National League champion.
One will be American League champion.
The National League teams are:  Philadelphia Phillies,
St. Louis Cardinals,
Milwaukee Brewers,
and the Arizona Diamondbacks.
The American League teams are:  New York Yankees,
Detroit Tigers,
Texas Rangers,
and the Tampa Bay Rays.
Every fan wants their favorite team to win.
The first World Series was in 1903.
One team has won the most championships. The New York Yankees have won the World Series championship 27 times.
Is your favorite team in the playoffs? Is your favorite player still playing baseball?
The world Series dream continues for only four teams.
But every baseball fan loves baseball in October because it means the World Series is about to happen.

Looking for Numbers
Looking for Numbers
We found numbers on the calendar.
We found numbers on the paper.
We found numbers on the desk.
We found numbers on the graph.
We found numbers on the clock.
We found numbers on the soda machine.
We found numbers on the elevator.
We found numbers on the telephone.
We found numbers on the wall.
We found numbers on the bus.
We found the number 34.

Irate Gamer Lego Version In: Kool Aid Man Video Game
In the 70's and 80'sKool Aid Man was a huge advertisement for kids.
In the commercials he smashed into the room when his kids were looking for drinks.
It's popularity is huge.
It even turned into the video game!
Both kool aid games are the best.
One is for the atari, and one is for the television, and for this review, we are going to look at both.
"OH YEAH!!!"
Boy I love this show, looks like I'm gonna need some more Kool-Aid!
I love kool aid stuff!

chapter 7
amor
deliciae
digitus
domina
gremium
oculus
passer
pax
senis
soror
verbum
putare

Betsy Ross's life
Betsy Ross made the first 
American flag.
This is the house Betsy was born in.
The building in the middle is her shop
This is her stone made in 
her memory.

Ohio State
The BCS is the college football championship.
The band is making the letters for Ohio State fans.
The flag people are running with the flags of Ohio State.
Many people went to the football game.
The cheerleaders are performing at the football game.
The mascot Bucky is taking a picture with the cheerleaders.
Ohio State is playing the other team.
The flag people are running with the flags of Ohio State again!
These are Ohio State fans.

Colors
Colors
A red apple:
RED
Oranges are juicy:
ORANGE
Yellow Daffodils are beautiful:
Yellow
This robot is green:
GREEN
A blue sky:
BLUE
These are purple Macros:
PURPLE
The balloons are pink:
PINK
These birds have lots of colors. Can we find red and blue?
Orange, yellow and green can all be seen.
Lets find the purple or pink!
Rainbows have lots of colors too. What do we see?
Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue, Purple and Pink

Shoes
The shoes are blue.
One shoe is blue.
The cat doesn't
have shoes.
He has shoes.
The woman have shoes.

Joey's 1st Outerbanks Vacation
Joey's 1st Trip to the Outer Banks!
Driving down route 13!
Chilling in my Adirondack chair at the house.
Taking a peek at our pool.
Enjoying the evening at the beach.
Walking my dog at the pool.
Mmmmm! Key Lime Pie with my Aunt Nancy.
Have to do some shopping while on vacation.
Ice Cream and Vacations are perfect together.
One last evening on the beach.
I can't wait to go back to the Outer Banks!

Lots of Cars
The orange car.
The purple car.
The green car.
The red car.
The gray car.
The white car.
The black car.
The blue car.
The yellow car.
There are many cars.

Delta Airlines
Delta Air Lines
Planes fly people all over the world.
Airplanes land and take off from airports.
Delta Air Lines is one of many companies that will fly you almost anywhere.
The cockpit is where the the pilot flys the plane.
The pilot has a hard job.
Workers get the planes ready.
Drinks and a snack are served when you fly.
People get to relax while they fly.
New planes have small TVs for people to watch.
Planes fly very high and make big cities like Atlanta look small.
It is fun and exciting to travel to different places.

Halloween
I see haunted houses.
I see skeletons.
I see black cats.
I see costumes.
I see candy.
I see monsters.
I see jack-o-lanterns.
I see witches.

The Statue of Liberty
The Statue of Liberty is a symbol of our country's freedom.
The Statue of Liberty was a gift from France to celebrate the United States' 100th birthday.
The Statue of Liberty stands on Liberty Island on a concrete base.
The inside of the statue is made of iron.  The outside is made of copper.
The Statue of Liberty is the tallest statue in the United States.
The Statue of Liberty is a work of art.  It is also a sign of friendship.
The Statue of Liberty reminds us of the freedoms we enjoy in the United States.
People from all around the world come to see this wonderful statue.
Liberty is freedom.  We are thankful to live in a country where we are free to think and believe as we want!

lego stuff
This is the space station.
The ships are ready.
The suits are here.
We will launch in: 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0.
Bast off!
They will miss they guys.
But they will not forget them.

Magnificent Mackinac
What is an island?
An island is land surrounded on all sides by water.
Mackinac Island is an island in Lake Huron.
To get to Mackinaw Island you have to go by boat or plane.
There are no cars on Mackinac Island.  People ride bikes, walk, or ride in horse taxis to get around!
Supplies come in on the boats, and are taken in supply wagons to the hotels and stores.
A girl named Kelsey visited Mackinac Island.
She rode her bike all the way around the island.  It was 8 miles around!
She saw Arch Rock.
She saw a one-room schoolhouse!
She learned that kids from Kindergarten all to 5th grade shared the same classroom!
How would you like to live on Mackinac Island all year?

B IS FOR .......
BEE IS FOR ...
BEE
BOY
BABY
BASEBALL
BEANS
BED
BEAR
BIRD
BARN
BALLOONS
BAKE
BUS

Alma
Alma on the ball.
Alma at the dance.
Alma wins at the EXPO!
Alma's first day of 8th grade.
Alma and her friend at P.E.
Alma and Ms. VonDissen at the dance.
Alma is as pretty as a flower!

We Go Grocery Shopping
We go to Meijer.
I get a cart.
I need peanut butter and jelly and bread to make sandwiches.

Rock Cycle
Magma cools and hardens after some time.
Wind and water break down the rock.
Pieces of rock are moved to a new location because of erosion.
The rock layers become one.
Heat and pressure are applied to sedimentary rock as it moves deeper into the earth.
As the rock is pushed deeper into the earth, heat and pressure change the rock into metamorphic rock.
The rock is being pushed into the earth by pressure and melting with heat.
After the rock melts it comes out of the volcano.
It cools to form igneous rock.
It has finished cooling and is now the igneous rock.

Basketball
This is an arena for basketball.
This is Michael Jordan in the arena.
This is a basketball.
This is Alexander.

Bruno mars
He's the best singer alive!
Bruno Mars has been out for over one year now.
He is a natural born singer
He is hot.
I love when he sings the song "Just the way you are".
I think he sings much better than Justin Bieber.
He's pretty good when he sings the song "Marry you".
He acts like a dreamy rock star, but he's a good hip-hop singer.

Jayse likes...
I want play music.
I want to work on the computer.
I like rap music.
i like swimming.

I Like To...
I like to read  books.
I like to go for a stroll.
I like to scare people.
I like to sleep.
I like to laugh.
I like to eat.
I like to dance.
I like to play basketball.
I like to salsa dance.
I like to ride horses.

All About Ann
Hi, my name is Ann.
Pleased to meet you!
I live in Rowethorpe, Bentley.
I have four grandsons,
and two granddaughters.
My favourite TV show
is Downton Abbey.
What's your favourite TV show?
In my spare time, I like to do crafts.
I also like bake and cook!
I like going down south for my holidays.
I love Italian food.
And tiramisu for dessert!
My job was to work in an office.
My job was to talk to people and help them.
See you next Monday!

Dinosaurs
This is a T-Rex.
Some dinosaurs were big and some were small.
Some dinosaurs lived in the forest.
Some dinosaurs were scary!
Some dinosaurs could fly.
Some dinosaurs lived in the sea.
Some dinosaurs ate plants.
Some dinosaurs ate other dinosaurs.
This dinosaur's head looked different.
This dinosaur had spikes on its back to keep it safe.
Dinosaurs became extinct a long time ago.
Thanks for reading with me!

I like School
I love colors!
I like to play outside and dance.
I like to play basketball!
I like cupcakes!
I love cheerleading!
I love class.

I love it here!
I love math.

Kittens
The kitten is small.
The three kittens are hanging out.
The kitten is dressed as Santa for Halloween.
The kittens are taking a nap.
The kittens are playing in the box.
The kittens are jumping.

Kittens
The kitten is small.
The three kittens are hanging out.
The kitten is wearing a santa outfit.
The kittens are taking a nap.
The kittens are playing in the box.
The kittens are jumping.

What We Like To Do At Home
The Members of ELSP 2011-2012
"At home I like to cook." Ms. Young
"At home I like to play on the computer." Jacob
"At home I like to play with my family." Jalen
"At home I like to watch T.V." Yahaira
"At home I like to watch T.V." Christian
"At home I like to play on the computer." Nathaniel
"At home I like to watch T.V." Michael
"At home I like to watch T.V." Irving
"At home I like to play on the computer." Peter
"At home I like to watch T.V." Max
"At home I like to cook." Ms. Rodriguez

Wii
Wii
The Wii is fun!
The Wii is cool!
I like playing Mario Cart!!!
I love to bowl.

Hello Fall
Hello fall.
Hello school.
Hello pumpkins.
Hello Thanksgiving.
Hello jack-o-lanterns.
Hello Halloween.
Hello warm jackets.
Hello football.
Hello fall.

Animals by Susi
The little black kitty is playing.
The guinea pig is so cute and furry.
This black dog wants a snack.
The dog is playing in the swing. Wheeeee.
The dog is lying upside down.

BRAIN FREEZE!
We eat icecream and, BRAINFREEZE!
We eat Popsicles and, BRAINFREEZE!
We eat icecream sandwiches and, BRAINFREEZE!
We eat Bluebell Icecream and, BRAINFREEZE!
We drink ice tea and, BRAINFREEZE!

Cool Buses
This is a double decker bus.
This is a fast bus!
This bus is in the fog.
Osvaldo likes this low and funny bus.
Someone painted this bus.
This bus is about to disappear in the rain. Bye, bye!
Ms. Anderson rode on a bus to the Grand Canyon.
This bus is about to jump.
This is a cool school bus in the snow.
This is a cool school bus engine.

Yah! ROOM 106
Milkshakes taste like chalk.
Swimming is easy!
Ick, nnnnn, uh awh!
Ick!
Rock n roll music is my favorite!
Pluck the guitar strings.
Fruit!
Scissors are frightening!
Computers taste awful!
I will sleep in my pretty bed and get beauty sleep!
My pillow is messy!
My Barbie has beautiful eyes!
My cat has silky fur.
The loud teacher says "The end!"

What Jack Likes
I like lots of cars.
It's a monster truck!
I get mean when I don't get to play car games.
I like Legos!
Legos are very very cool!
I like to laugh!

The Number 3
This is the number 3.
Here are 3 happy faces.
Can you point to the number 3?
Here are 3 baseballs.
Can you point to the number 3?
Here are 3 basketballs.
Can you point to the number 3?
Here are 3 buses.
Can you point to the number 3?
This is the number 3.

Stay Clean and Eat Well
Some foods are unhealthy and we shouldn't eat.
Cheese curds are good but they are 200 calories.
French fries are good but some are bad for you.
TOO MUCH FOOD CAN  MAKE YOU FAT LIKE THIS CAT.
Without anything to drink, we would be dehydrated.
From dehydration, we would be in the hospital.
You have to wash your hands before you eat
or you'll catch a cold.
Some chefs are sick while they cook. If they cough or sneeze on the food, you'll catch it.
Too much candy can
make you sleepy.
So remember kids: always try to stay clean and eat well!

Circles in Colors
BLACK AND WHITE CIRCLES
BLUE CIRCLES
YELLOW CIRCLES
RED CIRCLES
GREEN CIRCLES
BLUE YELLOW RED AND GREEN CIRCLES
RAINBOW CIRCLES
CIRCLES ALL AROUND US!

Hydro & Biosphere. S.A.R 2nd.
The hydrosphere is all the water on the Earth.
The water cycle is the movement of water through the atmosphere.
OCEANS: Pacific, Atlantic, Indian and Arctic Ocean
Oceans regulate the global temperature.
The movement of ocean water is from currents.
3% of all water is FRESH WATER. .
The biosphere is where life can exist.

Inside the Earth JMJ 2nd
Inside the Earth
The Earth consists of air water and living things.
The soild part of the Earth that consist of all rock.
Earth's crust is composed of light elements.
Scientist divide the Earth into three layers-the crust, the mantle and the core.
The mantle makes up 64 precent of the mass of the Earth.
Earth's innermost layer is the core.
Earth's outter layer is the the crust.
The asthenosphere is the layer beneath the Earth's lithosphere.
These plates glide across the underlying asthensophere.
A fault is a break in the Earth's crust.

Leaves
Falling leaves.
Colorful leaves.
I see red leaves.
Leaves falling from the giant Oak tree.
I see yellow leaves.
Leaves falling from the slender Poplar trees.
I see orange leaves.
Leaves falling from the Sugar-Maple tree.
I jump in the pile---Wheee!

My Z, Y, X Book
Z, Y, X.
X-rated.
W, V, U, T.
Tickle.
S, R, Q.
Question.
P, O, N, M, L.
Lick.
K, J, I.
Not eye!
H, G, F.
Facebook.
E, D, C.
Catastrophe.
B & A.
Ace.
Now I've said my Z, Y, X's.
Excellent.
You must think that I'm from Texas.

Our Garden
These are vegetables.
You can buy them at a market.
Tomatoes are vegetables.
Onions are vegetables.
Cucumbers are vegetables.
Strawberries are not!
But strawberries are my favorite!

Hydrosphere and Biosphere (J.A.L.J 2)
The water cycle is the movement of water between the atmosphere and land.
Water evaporates into the air.
Water vapor forms clouds.
When clouds become heavy, rain falls.
The hydrosphere is all the water on earth.
All the oceans are joined.
Ocean water is salt water.
3% of all the water on earth is fresh water.

Kstrong K.N.H1
Earth surriunded by a mixture of gases known as the atmosphere.
Nitrogen makes up 78% of the earth's atmosphere.
Oxygen is the 2nd most abundant gas in earth's atmosphere.
the atmosphere is pulled toward the earth's surface by gravity.
Its divided into four layers based on temperature changes.
The atmospheric layer nearest earth's surface is the troposphere.
Above the troposphere is the stratosphere.
A layer above the stratosphere is the mesosphere.
The layer farthest from earth's surface is the thermosphere.
Energy from the sun is transferred in earth's atmosphere by three mechanisms: radiation, convection, and condition.
Conduction is the flow of heat from a warmer object to a colder object.
Solar energy reaches the earth as electromagnetic radiation.
Sunlight that penetrates earth's atmosphere heats the surface of the earth.

Hydrosphere KHeard
The hydrosphere is all the water on Earth.
The water cycle is the movement of water between land and the atmosphere.
Evaporation is the process of liquid changing to vapor.
Water vapor forms water droplets to form clouds.
Precipitation is heavy water droplets falling.
The salinity of water is the amount of salt in it.
Most water is salt water.
The biosphere is the  layer around earth where life exists.

I Love Baseball.
Baseball is fun.
Baseball is thrilling.
Baseball is exciting.

Cougars
Cougars are a very cute cat.
Is it me or is that a big yummy deer?
It is not just me. I'll go get it.
Darn. I missed it. I'm getting tired.
I'm not comfy.
I'll try this. I'm still not comfy.
Ahhh... I'm finally comfy. Night, night.
Is it morning already?

Three Dogs
One dog.
Two dogs.
Three dogs.

Fred, the Ugly Ostrich
Once upon a time, there was a very ugly ostrich named Fred.
Fred hated his life.
Everyone hated Fred.
Fred wondered, "Why does everybody hate me?"
"I'll tell you why!" screamed Ollie the ostrich.
"Everyone hates you because you work for Darth Vader, and Darth Vader is evil."
This made Fred sad.
"I wish there was a way I could make everyone like me." thought Fred.
Fred screamed, "Darth Vader! I quit!"
"How dare you! You didn't even give a two weeks notice!" cried Darth Vader.
"Hahahahahohohehehe! I don't care! Peace out Vader!"
"Hmm, I wonder what I should do for a new job so that people will like me."
Fred ran away from Vader as fast as he could.
As soon as he got home, Fred listened to John Lennon and Yoko Ono's music for inspiration.
He read the newspaper for job openings.
A pretty woman was interviewing ostriches!
Fred was so excited and applied for the job.
And can you believe it? He got the job!
Everyone was proud of Fred.
Darth Vader found some Japanese school girls to replace Fred.
The end.

What Do I Do in an Emergency?
What do I do when there is an emergency?
Who do I call?
I can call my mom.
Do you know your mom's phone number?
I can call the police.
We dial 911 ONLY when there is an emergency!!!
We call the fire department when there is a fire.
911 can help us reach the fire department.
When someone is really sick or hurt, we call for an ambulance.
To get an ambulance, you can call 911.
Do you know what to do in an emergency?

Leiths  world !!!
Leiths  world!!
We  have  big  waves
We  play  pop  cap  games.
Our favourite  pop  cap  game  is  plants  vs  zombies.
Our  favourite  food  is  candy  and  cakes.

Kieron's Planet
My planet is robotic.
My leader is optimus prime.
My enemy is Megatron.
My ally is sideswipe.

Alien Ship Planet
We have spaceships.
We hunt for doughnuts.
We live in gardens.
We love donuts.

Joel the Rockstar
Joel is a rock star!
I love listening to music,
especially AC/DC.
They rock all night and all day.
Lots of people like AC/DC.
But not as much as I do!
Metallica is also a rockin' band.
They play the guitar VERY loud!!
To make a band, you need drums,
a cool-looking guitar,
and a singer!
Joel is a rock star!!!

Oh, Ship
Are you shipping me?
Bird ship.
Dog ship.
Bull ship.
Eat ship.
Deep ship.
Hot ship.
Ship storm.
Ship for brains
Serious ship.
Load of ship.
Shoot the ship.
Smoke some ship.
Up ship creek.
No ship, Sherlock.
Done reading about ships?
You're full of ship.

Hygiene
Hygiene is important. REALLY!
Brush, brush, brush those teeth.
Wash, wash, wash that hair.
Roll, roll, roll that deodorant.
Change, change, change those clothes.
Scrub, scrub, scrub those hands.
Now you're ready to go!

All About Hockey
This is a goalie.
This is an outdoor rink.
This is an indoor rink.
This is an old fashioned hockey team.
This hockey player is making a funny face.
This is a toy hockey player.
The Vancouver Canucks are celebrating their win.
This is Alex Ovechkin.
This is the Stanley Cup.
They almost scored in this game.
Here are more toy hockey players.
This is a guy shooting a puck.
This is a hockey team.
Here are all the teams.
Hockey players must wear helmets.
The Canadians are celebrating their win.
This is Canadian hockey cupcake.
He plays for the Detroit Red Wings.
Here are more cupcakes!
This is a Flyers puck.
Whack that puck!
He saved it.

My Birthday Party
My Birthday Party
I will have a cake at my birthday party.
I will have candles on my birthday cake.
I will blow out the candles on my birthday cake.
My friends and I will eat my birthday cake.
I will open presents at my birthday party.
My friends and I will have a lot of fun!

Kittens
This is a cute kitten.
This kitten is looking at you.
This kitten is looking at something.
Can you find the kitten?
Hi there!
Watching you!!
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!!
This is Santa Claws.
Kitty love.

colors
ruber occasus solis
aurantiacus ignis
flava rosa
caerulae  glaciae
viridis ager
purpureus fulgur

In
In the box.
In the car.
In the nest.
In the dog house.
In the bounce house.
In the tent.
In the pool.
The end.

WHAT I LIKE
I like Ferrets.
I like birds.
I like horses.
I like zebras and their stripes.
I like butterflies.
I like Rhinoceroses.

Spiderman
I see Spiderman on the roof.
I see Spiderman jumping.
I see a Spiderman cake.
I see Spiderman fighting.
I see Spiderman on the finger.
I see a Spiderman in lego.
I see a fat Spiderman getting in the taxi.
I see Spiderman on the train.

beach
Seeing a crab playing on the beach is fun.
Playing in the sand is fun with your friends.
Water is really fun. You can swim, surf, and splash in the ocean.
Playing with rocks is a really good thing to do.
Or, you can go to a restaurant on the beach!

Kingdom of Cambodia
The Kingdom of Cambodia has 22 provinces.
Banteay Meanchey
Battambang
Kampong Cham
Kampong Chnnang
Kampong Speu
Kampong Thom
Kandai
Kampot
Koh Kong
Crate
Mondolkiri
Oddar Mancheay
Pailin
Preah Vihear
Prey Veng
Purest

You don't have to cut a tree down to get at the fruit.
Ratanakiri
Siem Reap
Sihanoukville
Strung Treng
Svay Rieng
Ta Keo

Deftones
Deftones
Deftones is a cool band.
They have been playing since 1989.
They are from Sacramento, California.
I have all of their songs.
They preformed on Lopez Tonight.
They preform a lot on The Jimmy Kimmel Show.
This is them leaving from a interview.
I hope one day I can see them in concert.

Hygiene!
Hygiene is  important.
Take a shower every day.
Brush your teeth every day.
Put on deodorant every day.
Brush your hair every day.
Wash your hands every day.
Then we will all be clean!

Work
Work is what you make it.
It can be a threatening storm or God's gift of water.
It can be threatening or mystical adventures.
Mine is a mystical adventure.

I Love to Eat Pizza
I love pizza!
I love pepperoni pizza!
This looks good....
UMMMM
Thats a good looking cheese pizza.
More good pizza.
Are you hungry yet?
Can you tell pepperoni is my favorite???

Types of Bears
Types of Bears
There are black bears.
There are brown bears.
There are polar bears.
There are gummy bears. YUMMY!
There are even bears that people make.

Bikes
I love riding bikes.
Riding is fun.
I love doing tricks.
I ride with my friends.

All About Longboards
All About Longboards
Berings make the longboad wheels rotate.
Double Gullwings
will help you turn sharply.
Good starter wheels are softer and help your board to stick to the pavement.
A longboard is a piece of art.
You can race your longboard.
You can also cruise on your longboard.
The longboards cost from $170 up to $450.
Longboarding is  an amazing sport because you go fast, really fast!

Cupcakes
I love to bake cupcakes!
I always like to try different toppings...
old school is better than the new school!
I always like to put my style into my baking.
When it comes to holidays everyone's up for sweets!
Next thing you know, you'll be having special orders!
So turn on that oven and start baking what you like!

Airplanes
I love airplanes!
I want to make a paper airplane this big someday!
Is it possible to make a paper airplane big enough for me to ride inside?
Apparently we can make many different kinds of paper airplanes.
Some will fly straight and some will not.
I may be able to make a paper airplane that does a loop to loop.
Some paper airplanes are simple.
Some are very complex and hard to make.
Maybe we can fly on one today? What do you think?
This plane looks really cool, but is probably pretty hard to make.
After we make our paper airplanes, we need to clean up the mess.
Val can probably make this one if you ask her nicely.
To get your paper airplane to fly you have to hold it just right...
If you can find it, colored paper makes the airplanes look cool.
Here is just one way to make a paper airplane.
Once you make it you've got to let it fly!

Traffic Signs
This is a STOP sign. When you see this you have to STOP!
This is a YIELD sign. When you see this you have to YIELD to oncoming traffic!
This is a PEDESTRIAN CROSSING sign. When you see this you have to watch for people crossing and give them the right of way!
This is a ONE WAY sign. When you see this you have to go only the way the sign is pointing!
This is a RAILROAD CROSSING sign. This sign is to let you know that a train maybe coming and to take caution!
This is a CONSTRUCTION OR ROAD WORK SIGN. When you see this follow exactly what the sign says!
In the city the stop lights look like this. Red means stop, yellow means caution, and green means go.
These are STREET signs so you can find where you are going.

Things That I Like
I like the sun.
I like the crescent moon.
I like giraffes.
I like zebras.
I like the letter A.
I like the letter P.
I like butterflies.
I like apples.
I like cats.
I like scoreboards, zero to zero.
I like to clap my hands!!!

Domo's Life
Domo had a wife and two kids, but life wasn't going so great.
So, he left them on their own.
He turned brown. He wanted to forget everything, so he decided to do new stuff. He started by skating.
After, he decided to wrestle. It wasn't so great, so he moved on.
He met a friend called Snufflecake. He was a good friend. Snufflecake told him to go out and do more stuff.
Domo made a choice to either go bungie jumping or skydiving. He chose sky diving. It was a new experience.
Then he decided to model since he was that of a kind person. He is gorgeous man.
Then, he went to party with some of his old friends, but he met a girl again.
To be continued...

Ladybugs
Ladybugs
Ladybugs are red.
Ladybugs have black spots.
Ladybugs like to crawl on leaves.
Ladybugs have 6 legs.
Ladybugs have 2 wings.
Can you find a ladybug?
I like ladybugs.

Ladybugs
Ladybugs
Ladybugs are red.
Ladybugs have black spots.
Ladybugs like to crawl leaves.
Ladybugs have 6 legs.
Ladybugs have 2 wings.
Can you find a ladybug?
I like ladybugs.

Dancing by: Kat
I like to dance.
You can dance with other people.
I can dance all day!

Learn to Listen Sounds
Aaaaaah... aaaaaah..
Buhbuhbuh.. buhbuhbuh..
Ooooooo.. oooooooo..
Brrrr brrrr.. brrr brrr...
Ptptptpt.. ptptptpt..
Chchchch... chchchch..
Moooooo.. mooooo..
Repeated tongue clicking
Meow... meow...
Woof... woof...
Sssss.. sssss..
Quack.. quack..
Hop hop... hop hop...
Oink oink... oink oink..
Ba-a-a-a... ba-a-a-a..
Squeak... squeak..
Whistle like a bird..
Mmmmmm... mmmmmm..
Shhhhhh.. shhhh..
Smacking lips....
T-t-t-t-t... t-t-t-t-t..
K-k-k-k-k... k-k-k-k-k..

Earning Money
I love cars!
But we have to pay money to buy them.
I can earn my own money to buy cars.
I can earn money when I,
clean up my toys and my room.
I can earn money by,
helping Mommy do the dishes.
I an earn money by,
helping Daddy in the yard.
I can earn money by,
being nice to my sister, Livi.
I can earn money when I,
put trash in the trash can.
I can earn money when I,
listen and obey the first time.
I can save up my own money to buy,
more cars!

After Summer School
Summer school is over. What is everyone going to do?
Ms. T wants to go swimming.
Ms. G wants to sleep in.
Mrs. Toops wants to go swimming.
Mrs. Caldwell's class wants to go swimming.
Mrs. Moran wants to visit family.
Ms. Melby's class wants to go swimming.
Lots of people want to go swimming after summer school is over.

It's time for Learning
LEARNING IS A LIFE-LONG PROCESS!
MULTIPLICATION-factors, multiples, and products.
divisor, dividend, quotient, and remainder---DIVISION
READING SKILLS- cause/effect, main idea/details, problem/solution, compare/contrast
Before, during, and after---READING STRATEGIES
observations, variables, controls, data, results, conclusions- SCIENCE
HEALTH--the food pyramid, positive behavior, body systems
SOCIAL STUDIES- history, economics, geography
ART- drawings, contrast, light, sketches, collages and paintings
A MIND IS A TERRIBLE THING TO WASTE!

Kurtis Rocket
A rocket launching.
People build rockets.
There are people inside the rockets.
Ten days later, the rocket returns.

Kurtis Cool Bridge
A truss bridge has trusses.
Suspension bridges have tower and cables.
An arch is a strong bridge.
Girder bridges have arms underneath it.

Ants
Ants can talk.
Ants can eat.
Ants can climb.
Ants can follow.
Ants can help.

Kangaroos
Look at the kangaroo's silly nose!
The baby kangaroo is cute.
The baby kangaroo is called a joey.
The baby kangaroo is getting a fun ride. wheeeeee.
The kangaroos are eating the grass.
The kangaroo is getting a piggy back ride.
The kangaroo is getting ready to hop.
This kangaroo says "I love you!"

4th of July
July 4th is 
America's Independence Day!
On July 4, 1776, America declared their independence from England.
We celebrate July 4th as America's Independence Day.
Some towns have 4th of July parades.
Some families have 4th of July picnics.
People watch fireworks on the 4th of July.
Happy 4th of July!

Squirrel Perspectives
Squirrels are furry.
Squirrels are pests.
Squirrels are cute.
Squirrels are fat.
Squirrels are playful.
Squirrels are nosy.
Squirrels are sleepy.
Squirrels are curious.
But most of all...
Squirrels are yummy.

Summer School Best
It's time for summer school.
What is the best part?
Mr. Black likes half days.
Miss G likes meeting new teachers.
Mrs. Moran likes meeting new friends.
Miss T likes half days.
Ms. Melby's &amp; Mrs. Caldwell's class like having half days.
Summer school is fun!

All About T-Rexes
Baby T-rex dinosaur eggs are big.
The T-rex is hiding behind the trees.
The T-rex eats meat.

Lauren's Dad
Daddy eats pizza.
Daddy goes to work.
Daddy has a bed.
Daddy swims in the pool.
Daddy and mom cook brownies.
Dadddy eats at McDonald's.
Daddy and I play cars.
Daddy and mom watch T.V.
Daddy loves me!

Yoandra's Book of Tornadoes
Tornadoes break houses.
Tornadoes can break trees.
These people are moving because their house is broken.
This tornado is lighting up in the sky.

I like to....
I like to garden.
I like walking the dog.
I love cooking.
I like to walk on the beach.
I like to watch TV.
I like to swim.

LEGO
Legos are a fun activity.
Lego comes in lots of shapes and sizes.
You can customize your building with different Legos.
Some people like to build rescue sets.
Some people like to play with their Legos outside.
It is fun to play with Legos.
Legos that fly are fun to build.
There are even Legos with electronic parts.
I hope you have fun building Legos.  Bye Bye!!

Elaine Likes Healthy Soup
I like soup.
Soup on a spoon! Yum!
Chicken soup my favourite!
Soups are healthy.
Soups are hot!
Soups can come with toast or veggies.
Some soups have egg!
Have you had alphabet soup?
You can buy soup from the shop.
You can make soup at home.
Some families make soup for special occasions.
Soup is healthy!
Soup is fun.
I love soup. I'm a soup head!

Who likes Ice Cream?
Who likes Ice Cream?
Who likes ice cream with sprinkles?  I do!
Who likes ice cream on a stick? I do!
Who likes chocolate ice cream? I do!
Who likes ice cream in a dish?  I do!
Who likes ice cream in a cone? I do!
Mmmmm! Good!

Space Adventure
She wears pink. She's an astronaut.
She wears a space helmet.
I like the planet Saturn.
This is Jupiter. I love Jupiter because it has a pretty name.
I like the moon. It is really pretty.
This is a picture of the phases of the moon.
I like Mercury because it is really nice.
This is colorful.
I like this one because it is blue.
I like this planet Mars because it is orange.
I like the buggy,on the sand on Mars.
This is a rainbow. I don't think I could see it from space.
I like northern lights.
I think they are pretty.
It is interesting.
I think they are cool.
I think they are awesome.
I think I could see them from space.
I see a volcano.
This hurricane picture is far away. This picture was taken from space.
I like the Milky Way because it is interesting.
This galaxy is dark.
These stars look like a light.
These are pretty.
It is a star, it is nice because it is blue.
I like this because it is really beautiful.
This is a beautiful town.
This looks like a tunnel, through the stairs and it goes to outer space.
There is a rocket ship!  It is going to go to space!
These astronauts are going into space.
The rocket blasts off.
It set off into space.
It is going around in space.
You can see the water on earth from the space ship.
It is going into space.
You can see the earth.
The astronaut is fixing the space ship.
It's going away!
Now it is going back to earth.
It is landing in the water!

Drag Racing: A book for Brent
Here is a drag car taking off.
Here is a black drag car.
Here is a green drag car.
Here is a purple drag car.
Here is a red drag car.
Here is a yellow drag car.
Here is a gold drag car.

At Camp Keeywadin
Kendra and Mike at Camp Keewaydin.
The cabins at Camp Keeaydin.
Checking out the cabins.
This is the sleeping quarters.
A nice view of Lake DunMore. I touched the cold water!
We are sitting at the fire pit.
We are listening to directions.
A Totem pole at the fire pit.
Where we ate lunch.
Having grilled cheese and soup.
Play area at camp.We toured all the fun things to do there.
Heading back to the bus after a fun day at camp!
Bye Camp Keeaydin!

The Shane Warne Book
Shane Warne is one of the fastest bowlers in the world!
He is talking to the spectators.
Shane's 700th wicket!
He is saying goodbye to the crowd.
Shane's portrait hanging at the Lord's Museum.
Chatting with the crowd at the match.
Here he is signing autographs.
...and more autographs!
Shane Warne in action!
He is talking with a fan.

Hygiene
Hygiene is important. REALLY!
Brush, brush, brush those teeth.
Wash, wash, wash that hair.
Roll, roll, roll that deodorant.
Change, change, change those clothes.
Scrub, scrub, scrub those hands.
Now you're ready to go!

Julienne's guide about bridges
A truss bridge has expansion joints.
A suspension bridge is safe because it has towers that holds it up.
A roman arch bridge has special stone that's called a key stone it's important because it keeps all together.
A girder bridge has an apron it's there to hold the bridge in place.

New and Old Keys
Keys
Old Key
New Key
Old Key
New Key
Old Key
New Kwy
Old Key
New Key
Old Key
New Key
Old Key
New Key
Old Key
New Key
Old Key
New Key
Old Key
New Key
Old Key
New Key
Old Key
New Key
Key
Keys
Keys

The Zoo Trip
The bus came for the field trip.
Katrina was excited to go to the zoo.
Luke waited patiently.
We watched a video before going into the zoo.
Chase watched the seal.
Smile!
The daddy giraffe had lunch.
Mommy Giraffe rubbed the baby's back.
The ostrich was trying to get out to go to the city.
The zebra was good looking.
The monkeys didn't move.
We waited to watch the Sparky Show.
Yeah, Sparky!!
The polar bear was taking a nap.
The tortoise was very big, ate grass, and looked like a rock.
Some of us sat on the tortoise statue.
The flamingos were orange.
Robert and Dalton ate lunch under a tree.
We were so excited to eat lunch.
Eating outside was a treat.
Kayla and I were smiling.
We played tag after lunch!
On the count of 3! 1-2-3!
Hooray for the Zoo!
A group photo of our class was taken.
Chase was sleeping on the bus from the zoo.
It was a fun and tiring day at the zoo!

Ben's Star Wars Book!
Darth Vader attacks the cat!
He has snow all over him.  It is cold out! Brrrr!
He was squashed by the Hershey bar!
Patrick is a Storm Trooper.
He gets another storm trooper.
Can you read this, Luke Skywalker?
They are slipping on the ice!

Bears
Bears are good.
A black bear might chase you.
Bears can swim.
Bears can stand on their hind legs.
Bears mate with other other bears.
Bears fight sometimes.
This is a big grizzly bear.

Dogs
This dog is chewing a bone.
This dog is playing.
This dog is jumping into the water.
This dog is staring at me.
This dog is in a baby swing.
This dog is sleeping.

So Many Bugs!
So many bugs!
Colorful bugs.
Stinging bugs.
Eating bugs.
Delicate bugs.
Biting bugs.
Go away bugs!

Just Me Being Safe
Just Me Being Safe 
by Jordan Rogers
I look both ways before I cross the street.
Now I can cross the street.
STOP!  I don’t walk in the street because there are cars coming.
Now I can cross the street.
I unbuckle my seat belt in the school bus and start walking. STOP!
The right way is to keep my seat belt on.
I keep my seat belt on to be safe.
I see a stranger that likes candy and ice cream. If I help him find his cat, the stranger could hurt me.
I will run home and tell my mom.
I went to the ice skating park, I will ask the person in charge if the ice is solid and safe.
The End

Floods
Floods are when a river has too much water and it overflows.
Rain can cause some floods also.
Ocean waves, snow, and dam or levee breaks cause floods.
Floods damage people's houses and farmlands.
The Mississippi River flooded in spring of 2011.
The Mississippi River flood caused people to move out of their homes.
If there is a flood, tell an adult and go to high grounds.

Floods
Floods are when a river has too much water and it overflows.
Rain can cause some floods also.
Ocean waves, snow, and dam or levee breaks cause floods.
Floods damage people's houses and farmlands.
The Mississippi River flooded in spring of 2011.
The Mississippi River flood caused people to move out of their homes.
If there is a flood, tell an adult and go to high grounds.

The itsy bitsy spider
The itsy bitsy spider
went up the water spout.
Down came the rain
and washed the spider out.
Out came the sun
and dried up all the rain.
The itsy bitsy spider
went up the spout again.

Bugs, Bugs, Bugs
Lady bug, lady bug, fly away home.
A bee on a flower.
Mr. Fly, go away.
This bee is making honey from the flowers.
Buzz, buzz, buzz went the bumble bee.
Watch out! A spider. OOOOOOOO.
A spider makes a spider web.
Oh, no. I didn't invite an ant to my picnic.
Hop, hop, grasshopper.
Count the cockroaches. 1, 2!

I Love the Fourth of July
I love the Fourth of July!
Lots of people wave the flag.
I go with my family.
And wait by the street.
There is a parade.
Lots of people dress up funny.
And people wave from cars.
There are big balloons.
And funny old cars.
Even pets join the fun.
We have a big picnic.
With lots of yummy food.
I get my face painted.
And watch fireworks.
Oooo! Ahhh!
I love Firewords!
You can come, too!

Growing My Sunflower
Put dirt in the flower pot.
Put the sunflower seed in the dirt.
Put water on the seed.
Wait.
My seed starts to grow.
It will be a big sunflower some day.

Skiing Trip
This is a story about a kid who went skiing for the first time.
A little boy drives to a ski resort in Snowmass.
He starts to head down the mountain.
He hits a sign that says danger.
He goes flying in the air.
Then he hits a pine tree, and breaks his leg.
Boy gets a cast, then after 4 weeks he gets his cast of and can do fun stuff again.
He trips and breaks his leg and gets plastic surgery on his face, and he will never go skiing again.

Azrah and the Bulldog
Hi my name is Azrah. I sat in my room bored, always wanting a cute puppy.
I got ready for school and left on my school bus.
During math class, I couldn't hear my teacher talking because I was too busy thinking of the perfect puppy I wanted.
I went home on  the bus and when I went to my room I went to sleep.
I woke up the next day and went on a walk and found a brown puppy.
I took the  puppy home and asked my mom if I could keep it.
My mom agreed and said "yes."
I went to bed with my new brown puppy.

Dogs
This dog looks like an old coyote.
This dog is swinging.
Dogs are good pets.
The dog is swimming.

Football J-L
Panthers Football
There was 40 seconds left on the clock and Logan had the ball.
He had 30 yards to go and it was the last game in the play offs.
The crowd was intense.
He thought he would never make it, yet he ran right past everyone.
There was 12 seconds left on the clock.
Then he had scored a touchdown and won. The end!

Monkeys
They can climb.
They look nice.
They can sometimes attack you!
Have a pet monkey?
Do you see a monkey?

Vampires
This is a vampire.
This is a grave.
This is a city.
This is a dragon bat.

Cute Dogs
The dogs are scruffy.
Dogs are playful.
Sometimes...
Dogs are small.

The Wolf, the Bears, and the Goldilocks
A man was snowboarding, and then he crashed.
Then a wolf found him and took him to a house.
This was the house were the man and the wolf were going. Then 3 bears walked in.
This was the first bear.
This was the second bear.
This was the third bear.
Then Goldilocks popped in for some porridge.
Then the man, the wolf, and Goldilocks ran away from the house.

Cute Dogs
This dog looks like my dog.
This dog looks like a golden retriever.
This dog is hairy.
This dog look it has curly
 hair.
This dog looks like it is chasing the other dog.
This dog looks like a puppy.

Justin Bieber Rocks
I love it when he sings. He makes me smile.
We both love the color purple!
Maybe someday he will give me a call.
He really knows how to boogie!
Sometimes he is rockin' out.
And sometimes he is singing the blues.
Whatever he sings I am always ready to listen and sing along.
Don't ever stop being so cute Justin!
Peace out.

Venus
Venus is the hottest planet.
Venus is the second closest planet to the sun.
Did you know that Venus is close to Mercury and Earth?
Venus is made of rock.

Brooklynn's Favorite Foods
I like many foods.
I like soup. I like chicken noodle soup.
I like popcorn. I eat popcorn at the movies.
I like candy. Chocolate is my favorite.
I love grapes. Purple grapes are my favorite.
I like eggs. Scrambled eggs are my favorite.
Eating good food will make me . . .
. . . big and STRONG!!

I see the Sun
I see the sun and the sun sees me...
Looking at a big old tree.
I see the moon low in the sky...
Shining on a lake nearby.
I see storm clouds coming my way.
I think it's going to rain today.
I see a rainbow after the storm.
The air begins to feel warm.
I see the sun and the sun sees me...
Being a kid...
Happy and free.

What do dogs do?
This dog is waiting.
This dog is looking out at the water.
These three dogs are listening to a book.
This dog is swimming.
This dog is running.
These dogs are in the car.
This dog is sleeping.
This dog is still sleeping.
Time to wake up dog!

Jordan Famous
Michael Jordan is the best basketball player in the world.
Michael Jordan has more talent than any other basketball player.
Michael Jordan can jump very far and very high.
Michael Jordan does not smoke cigarettes.
He has a great jump shot. He scored a lot of points.
He has nice shoes.
That nice Jordan sign .
These shoes are the bomb.
That is a magazine I would read.
In closing, I think that Michael Jordan plays good defense and is a great basketball player.

Balloons
They have Kermit.
They have Scooby Doo.
They have Shrek.
They have elves.
They have Snoopy.
They have Spongebob.
They have Buzz.
They have...
Horton.
They have a Smurf.
The parade has balloons galore.
The end

Jobs at the Grocery Store
We go to the grocery to buy food and drinks.
What kind of snacks do we have in our classroom?
_   _  _  _   _   _   _
_  _  _  _  _  _  _
_  _  _  _  _  _  _  _
C H_ _ _ L A T E      M _ _ K
Are these foods hot or cold?
WHAT is she using to carry/push the groceries around the store?
What jobs could you have at the grocery store?
This is a man doing his grocery store job of stocking the shelves.
Stocking the shelves means putting more groceries on the shelves when the store has sold out.
what JOB is he doing?
A cashier works at the check-out counter.
Cashier scan all the items you are buying, and then adds up the total.
A cashier takes the money and counts it, and then gives change if needed.
What JOB is she doing?
Being a janitor is a job at the grocery store.
A janitor cleans up using brooms, mops and other cleaning supplies.
Taking inventory is a job at the grocery store.
Taking inventory means counting and organizing items (food, drinks).
Being a manager is a job at the grocery store.
The manager is in charge of making sure everyone does their job!

Jakob and the Elephant
Once upon a time there was a young boy named Jakob.
Jakob was in the 3rd grade.
Jakob's best friend was an elephant named Ganesh.
Jakob and Ganesh went up the stairs to their classroom.
When they went up the stairs, they were GREEN.
Green made them happy... HAPPYYY!!!
Jakob and Ganesh worked hard in school.
When they worked hard, they were GREEN.
Green made them happy... HAPPYYY!!!
Jakob and Ganesh were nice to their friends.
When they were nice they were GREEN!
Green made them happy... HAPPYYY!!!
When Jakob and the Elephant were green, was everyone happy?
HAPPYYY!!!

Vehicles
The jet is  landing at the Air Force base.
I am going to the mall on the bus.
The ugly old transportation is in the  parking lot.
Here a beautiful sailboat floating in the ocean.
The pretty green sports car is parked at the  driveway.
We like to go for rides on  the bridge.
Me and Ashley will take the bus home tonight.
Tonight I'm going to Dairy Queen to eat dinner.

All About the Rainforest
I hope you enjoy my story.
Do you know what this is? It's the canopy layer of the rainforest.
Do you see how big this trees roots are?
This is the emergent layer. The emergent layer has trees that peek out from the top.
This is a small waterfall.
I think this is a cool tree because you can see through the branches.
The end!

White Lions by Rachel Brooks
White lions are very rare and beautiful.
This is a female white loin.
These white lions love each other a lot.
She is free!
They are movie stars!!!!!
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE.
Poor thing. It is trapped in a zoo. That is NOT right.
That is a baby white lion, trapped in a cage!

At the Beach
At the Beach
I walk on the boardwalk to the beach.
Nonna takes my shoes off.
We walk down the stairs.
I'm walking to the ocean.
Mommy, Papi, and I are at the beach.
Nonna is at the beach.
Uncle Chris is at the beach too!
Papi takes me into the ocean.
Mommy goes into the ocean with me.
I am in the ocean!
Nonna finds some shells.
I throw the shells into the ocean.
I put some shells into my pail.
Mommy, Uncle Chris, and I make a sand castle.
Oh no! I have sand all over my feet.
I love the beach!

Six Wild Animals
This is a giraffe finding food!
This is a lioness hugging a zebra.
This is a big elephant.
This rhino is dancing.
This baby cheetah is alert in his home.
This baby elephant wants to be just like his mom.

All our favorite animals
Two cute little pigs are wondering what Michael's doing.
Two giraffes are sipping by the waterside.
Crystal doesn't have any horses but she loves them.
Baby Susie is shaking hands with his mama Susie.
The fat red cardinal sits in the tree waiting to spot a worm.
There is nothing sweeter than two kissing bunnies. Michael loves the bunnies.
The cows talk to Crystal and say "hey, good lookin." Mooooooooooooooo.
What is it Michael: a bug or a dragonfly?

Food is Good
Healthy food is fun to eat.
You want to eat healthy so you can be tall.
You should eat pears and apples for a snack.
You can have vegetables too.
Soup is good as well.
This looks really good.
This can make you grow big and strong.
Healthy food is  good.

Jupiter
Space is amazing.
Jupiter is a giant planet.
Jupiter has a great red spot.
There are space explosions.

-at Words
at
cat
bat
hat
hat
rat
sat
mat

All the Presidents of the U.S.
The following is a list of Presidents of the United States. You can't remember them!
Let's learn their last names. Washington, Adams, and Jefferson are 1, 2, and 3.
Madison, Monroe, and Adams are 4, 5, and 6.
Tyler, Polk, and Taylor come in 7, 8, and 9.
Jackson, Van Buren, Harrison are 10, 11, and 12.
Fillmore, Pierce, Buchanan are 13, 14, and 15.
Lincoln, Johnson, and Grant are 16, 17 and 18.
Hays, Garfield, Arthur are 19, 20, and 21.
Cleveland, Harrison, Cleveland are 22, 23, and 24.
McKinley, Roosevelt, Taft are 25, 26, and 27.
Wilson, Harding, Coolidge are 28, 29, and 30.
Hoover, Roosevelt, Truman are 31, 32, and 33.
Eisenhower, Kennedy, Johnson are 34, 35, and 36.
Nixon, Ford, Carter are 37, 38, and 39.
Reagan, Bush, Clinton are 40, 41, and 42.
Bush and Obama are 43 and 44.

Aeneas meets his mother
namque umeris de more habilem suspenderat arcum
dederatque comam diffundere ventis,
nuda genu nodoque sinus collecta fluentis.
ac prior heus, inquit, iuvenes, monstrate, vidistis
mearum si quam hic errantem forte sororum
succinctam pharetra
et maculosae tegmine lyncis,
aut spumantis apri cursus clamore prementem.
sic venus.
et veneris contra sic filius orsus:
nulla tuarum sororum audita mihi
neque visa,
o, quam te memorem, virgo?
namque haud tibi vultus mortalis,
nec vox hominem sonat;
o dea certe,-an phoebi soror?
an nympharum sanguinis una?-
sis felix nostrumque leves, quaecumque, laborem
et quo sub caelo tandem,
quibus orbis in oris iactemur doceas;
ignari hominumque locorumque erramus vento huc vastis et fluctibus acti:
multa hostia cadet tibi ante aras
nostra dextra.

yummy and funny stuff
This looks so good. If only it was real...
This was obviously left in the dryer for too long.
I think the person in here was already eaten by now.
This is the size of a baby.
This looks like my kind of heaven.
It's Christmas already!
This was hit by a rainbow, but how did it miss the outside?
So much chocolate! It looks so good.
Wait for someone to blow out the candles first.
Happy Valentines Day, everyone.
Is this cake or play-dough?
Can I play it next?
So this is where Mario lives...
He got a new hair cut. I like it.
Hello Kitty got attacked by pastries.
Who took the panda from the zoo again?
Mozart made this cake, can you tell?
Too much pink, don't you think?
This must taste soooooooooooooooo good!
Chocolate swirl is a true dream.

Football
The most  important   thing in foot ball is the field.
You need at least 11    players on a team .
You need a referee in football.
You need a helmet in foot ball.

The Very Lonely Dragon
Blake was a fierce dragon, but he was very lonely.
He was the only dragon of his kind.
He fought knights by himself.
One morning Blake heard a boom.
He found another dragon!!!
He was black like Blake.
He liked to fight knights like Blake.
The two dragons became friends forever.

Brains by Shawn Gibson
The brain has Three main sections.
The cerebellum and brainstem.
The brain controls movement.
The brain is found in the skull.
The brain is a very important organ.
It controls the sense and movement.

Bradley's Middle School Career
Our school's mascot is the panther.
I have my own locker at   school.
My friends and I ride a bus similar to this one .
My parents always encourage me to do the best that I can do in school.
One of my favorite things to do is talk.
I like talking to both teachers and adults.
I am happy to be moving on!
I am looking forward to going to high school.

All About Chickens
All About Chickens
Chickens are gentle creatures.
Chickens lay eggs.
Chickens lay eggs to have 
chicks.
Chicks are fluffy.
Chicks are also cute.
All chickens have a leader 
called a rooster.

kittens
Kittens
Kittens can be very small.
Kittens can fit in very        tight places.
I have a cat like this one.

Transportation: Things That Go
The car can go on the highway.
The train can go on the railroad track.
The bus can go to school.
The airplane can fly in the sky.
The bulldozer can pick up dirt.
The motorcycle can go fast.
The bicycle can go slow.
The fire truck goes to the fire.
The boy can ride on the skate board.
The helicopter goes round and round.
The truck goes on the road.
This is a dump truck, it dumps the dirt.
The garbage truck picks up trash.
The policemen drives the police car.
The mail carrier drives the mail truck.
The farmer drives the tractor on the farm.
The boat goes on the water.

This is a book about "S"
This is a bowl of sweets.
This is a snail.
The teacher is teaching sums.
This is a tiger swimming.

kesha
Kesha is outside.
Kesha is weird.
Kesha is in a car.
This is Kesha's room.
This is Kesha at a concert.
Kesha is cute.
Kesha is getting her picture taken.
Kesha is a good singer.
Kesha is a good dancer.
Kesha rocks!
I love Kesha.

Landforms!
Landforms!
Mountains are a big rock.
A hill is a rounded pile of dirt.
An island is surrounded  by water.
A valley is a landform  that was formed by wind.
A plain is a flat land.
A river is formed  by  water.
A  lake is a long distance  of water.
An ocean is salt water.
A peninsula is surrounded  by water on thee sides.

ENERGY
ENERGY
Energy looks like...
the sun shining brightly.
Energy looks like...
cars driving by.
Energy looks like...
a cake being made.
Energy sounds like...
the phone ringing.
Energy sounds like...
waves crashing.
Energy sounds like...
music being played.
Energy sounds like...
a jack hammer digging up the road.
Energy feels like...
wind blowing in your face.
Energy feels like...
going fast on a roller coaster.
Energy feels like...
a warm heater.
Energy smells like...
dinner cooking.
Energy is ...
all around us!

Following Directions
In my gym class I will follow directions.
It is important to follow directions.
I should play with the class.
I need to listen to the teacher.
I will not be mad in phyed class.
I will be glad and happy.

Happy Mother's Day
Happy Mother's Day by JSaylee
Mother's Day is a special day for family.
Mother's Day flower.
Happy Mother's Day, mom.
Sometimes, mothers get a ring for Mother's Day.
On Mother's Day children say to their mom, "Happy Mother's Day".
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there. Thanks for your hard work.
The end

Chris's Adventure at LMS
I had art this year and found out that it is my favorite subject.
I am especially good at drawing pirate ships.
My best friend's name is Andy. She and I have fun in school.
I always get my schoolwork done.
I get to work and play on the computer at school.
Cooking in school is fun, plus we get to eat what we cook.
We were able to bring pumpkin bread home for the holidays. We made it ourselves.
I love my grandma!
My mom is my best buddy!
I can't wait for school to start in the fall.  I will be an eighth grader.

Jorge's Years at Middle School
During my last year at LMS I played football.
My coaches taught me how to play the game and have a good time.
I made many friends at LMS.
During the school year I live with my mom.
Last summer I had fun at my dads house.
Math became my most favorite subject.
Cooking class has shown me how to make different kinds of food.
Hands on experience makes it easier for me to learn.
My teacher is the best.
I am really looking forward to attending LHS.

KATE BIRTWELL - MY SKILLS
THIS IS ME ON THE COMPUTER.
I HOLD OUT MY HAND TO STOP THE BUS.
I WATCH FOR MY STOP TO GET OFF.
I SERVE FOOD AND DRINKS.
I AM GOOD AT LISTENING.
I WORK IN A TEAM.
I WORK AS A WAITRESS.

Lego army
There were guys perfecting there base then BOOM!
Lego guys were shooting them so they shot back.
The people were attacking them.
Then the other team was shooting back.
They shot everything they had.
The bad team had 4 people left.

Dequarius Cheetahs
Welcome, king cheetahs.
Normal cheetahs can't climb very well.
King cheetahs were born in the wild.
Cheetahs don't roar.
Cubs weigh 150 to 300 grams.
At birth, cheetahs are born with downy fur.
They're born with characteristic spots.
They are built for speed.
They can climb very fast.
Female cheetahs hunt in groups.

Cincinnati Reds
This is the nose bleed section.
This is the old stadium for the Reds.
Someone died.
This is an old picture.
This is where you go in at.
This picture is my favorite picture.
These are Reds zombies.
This is Mr. Red Legs!
It is sun down at a great American baseball park.
Home Run!

Animals A to Z
Allie the Alligator
Bobby the Bear
Cassie the Cat
Dobey the Dog
Elsie the Elephant
Freddy the Frog
Gordy the Gorrilla
Homer the Horse
Iggy the Iguana
Jasmine the Jaguar
Katie the Kangaroo
Lionel the Lion
Monica the Monkey
Nigel the Night Owl
Oscar the Otter
Penny the Penguin
Quinten the Quail
Randy the Rabbit
Seemore the Seal
Timmy the Turtle
Ursula the Unicorn
Vincent the Vulture
Willy the Weasle
X-ray Fish
Yasmin the Yak
Zeke the Zebra

The Washington Monument
The Washington Monument
The Washington Monument is the largest stone structure in the world. It is 555 feet tall.
Many people visit the Washington Monument each year.
They started building the monument on July 4, 1848. They completed the monument on December 6, 1888.
There are 50 flags around the Washington Monument.
There are 897 steps in The Washington Monument.
THE END

The White House (en)
The White House
The White House is a beautiful building!
This is Barack Obama and his family. He's our President!
This is the Washington
Monument!

Tigers
Tigers
This is a tiger that is walking by itself. This tiger is most likely hunting for food. Or it is looking for water.
This tiger is looking at what he wants to attack. Tigers have really good balance.
This tiger is tired from hunting for food, so he is relaxing in the sun on a rock.

Monkeys Are Cute
Monkeys are cute.
I love lemurs and their babies.
I love monkeys. These are so cute!
Now this is cute. I love baby monkeys.
Monkeys have opposable thumbs.
Watch, monkey!
Monkeys love fruit.

Billion's Lions
ROAR!!!
This is a baby lion.
The baby lion is on the tree.
This is the lion king!
This is Simba.
These are monkeys.
ROAR!

Earth Day
The world is a beautiful and awesome place.
That is why we need to protect our Earth, so we can have beautiful creatures.
How can we do this?
By not polluting,
and by loving our Earth.
We all need to work together to make our homes wonderful.
Earth: it's a wonderful, beautiful and awesome place!

Thomas the Tank Engine Story
He has a star on his body.
Pingu, you are grounded.
Wooden railway.
Billy is going through the bridge.
Take along.
Thomas and Daisy.
Germs.
He is going on a trip...
...into poo.
Thomas is filthy.
Thomas and the new train.
A day out with Thomas.

Australia
Australia is a land of many people and interesting places.
In Sydney there is the Opera House.
There is also the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
In the centre of Australia is Uluru, a natural wonder that is very special to Aboriginal Australians.
The Great Barrier Reef grows along the east coast of Australia.
There are many wonderful beaches that surround this beautiful country.
Tall trees grow in our rainforests.
Whales migrate from the Antartic to give birth in Australian waters.
The didgeridoo is a native instrument. It is very hard to play.
All these things are Australian.

Color My World
The world is a rainbow of colors.
The flowers are red.
The watermelon is red.
This ladybug is red.
The water and sky are orange.
The sun is orange.
This ball is orange.
The sun is yellow.
The fish is yellow.
This sun is also yellow.
These trees are green.
This cactus is green.
The fish is green.
This design is blue.
This sky is blue.
This picture is blue.
The grapes are purple.
This sky is purple.
The girls' dress is purple.
The pig is pink.
The flamingo is pink.
This design is pink.
The ghost is white.
The moon is white.
This castle is white.
The spider is black.
The cat is black.
This silhouette is black.
Color my world with beautiful colors.

Lego spider man vs sponge bob
I will beat the sponge named Bob.
Oh no! Here comes the sponge named Bob.
Wow! That's a lot of Bobs.
Hey, get rid of that yellow guy.
Why is snape here?!
Oh know we've been defeated!
Hahahahahahahah!!

lego weird city
I get up in the morning and shave.
I go to the store to get milk.
This is my city.
This is my ship that flys!
This is a weird guy with a gun.
This is the mayor, he looks like a wizard.
What is going on?
Why why why whyyyyyy!
Help me plaese.
Oh my gosh!
The end!

What Can You Give?
You can give someone you love flowers!
You can give someone help.
You can give someone candy.
You can give someone a toy.
You can give someone a hug.
You can give someone a smile.
You can give your dog a bath!
You have to give money when you buy something!
You can give the teacher your best work!!!!
What else can you give?

Cute Animals
Here is a very cute bunny.
Here is a cute little tap dancer.
Look at this little polar bear.
This is a friendly little kitten.
This little girl likes her little llama.
Here is a little red panda!
Last but,not least here is a cute little dog!

Washington DC is a great place
Washington DC has many sites  to see.
Like the Washington 
Monument, which is 555 feet
high.
The Lincoln Memorial is a reminder of President Lincoln.
The Reflecting Pool is in front of the Washington Monument.
The White House is where the President lives.
The Jefferson Memorial is dedicated to the 3rd  president.
And of course there is The Supreme Court.

Into Thin Air
This is a true story that takes place on Mount Everest, Nepal.
John Krakauer and 22 climbers to scaled Mount Everest in 1996.
An unexpected storm occurred near the summit.
Of the 22 climbers, 12 died.
They died from injuries, frostbite, oxygen deprivation or the cold.
"Mortality had remained a conveniently hypothetical concept, an idea to ponder in the abstract."
John was the only one to survive in his group.
Upon return to civilization, he wrote "Into Thin Air."
The author, however, received much criticism towards his book.
-lots of info on the mountain
-not much action until halfway through
-good read, very sad

Bases Loaded
This is Bill as a pitcher when he was a kid.
This is Bill 5 years later. Bill was safe!
When Bill got back to the dugout, he got a compliment from his coach and got high fives from his team mates.
This is Bill's house.
This is Bill in the future!
This is Bill's team name: the Cubs.
He has a LEGO Cubs collection.
This is Bill's LEGO house.
This is Bill's dog!

Power Ranger Games
Some people like to play games!
Some people like to play Power Ranger games.
Some people like to play with Power Ranger Lego games
Some people get Power Ranger games.
Some Power Rangers go to the park and some people play Power Ranger games at the park.
Some Power Rangers play with games and with kids.
Some kids like to draw on their paper and when they are done they play Power Rangers with the drawing.
Some kids like to dress up like Power Rangers on Halloween.

Saturn
Saturn is a planet.
Saturn has a lot of rings. The rings have rocks and dirt. Gross!
Saturn is far away from the sun. It feels cold.
Saturn has more than 20 moons.

Habitats
A pond is a place where frogs, ducks and even fish live. It is their habitat.
A desert is a place where snakes, cacti, and owls live. It is their habitat.
The arctic is icy and snowy. It is a place where penguins and polar bears live. It is their habitat.
The woods are also a habitat. Animals like deer, racoons, and snakes might live in the woods.

Who Is God?
Who Is God?
God is the one who created all things & even the universe.
God is the creator of the animals.
God is the creator of the sun.
Jesus is God's Son, He is God and man.
He watches over us because he loves us.
God loves all people.
God is the King.
God has all power.
Jesus reveals his power in all things.
Jesus is the great Shepherd.
He wants you to invite him in to your heart.
He loves you.
Jesus loved to pray to his father.
He died for you and rose again.
He knows everything you feel.
Jesus is the light of the world.
Jesus is the way, the truth and the life. John 14:6

Jaden Smith
He can rap.
He can sing.
He can dance.
He's famous.
His sister is famous.
He's kind.
He's generious.

Selena Gomez 19
Selena Gomez is awesome!
Selena Gomez is a good singer!
Selena Gomez is Demi!
Selena Gomez is beautifull !
Selena Gomez is a good dancer.
Selena Gomez has a good taste in clothes!

Basketball!!!
Anyone can play basketball, tall and small.
Young and old, it just takes practice.
Anytime anywhere.
With friends or alone you can practice.
Anyone can do it.

Fish Book
Hi! I am Audrey.
This is my town.
People catch us to eat us.
That is us when we are dead.
Some fish live with people.
Many fish live in the ocean.
Fish can be slippers.
Fish can be sold.
People can make us into a project.
People put us in glass cups with water.
People look at us in aquariums.
If people catch you they will buy you a tank.
Big fish eat little fish.
Most big fish can not live in a home aquarium.
People can look for fish.
Some fish have stripes.
Some fish have big mouths.
Some birds can catch fish.
Fish can be made as a toy.
Some fish hide in the sand to pop up and eat other fish.
People put bait in the water to catch fish.
You can swim and look for fish under water.
See you next time!!!

Earth
When our life began, the world was happy.
And now look what we did.
The earth cries and rumbles.
And sometimes whistles.
And gets so mad it burns forests.
Unless we do something, this will happen.
So let's clean up this world so it can look nice again.
Like this wonderful picture.

Wrestle Mania Rocks
I like Wrestle Mania.
I can't see.
I like it.
It is fun.
I don't know who is coming out.
There are chairs under the ring.
It is Wrestle Mania!!!
I don't like Shamus.
The Royal Rumble.

Pocahontas
Pocahontas was nice.
She lived 400 years ago.
Pocahontas was an American Indian woman.
Pocahontas was Chief Powhatan’s daughter.
Matoaka was Pocahontas’s real name.
Matoaka means "little snow feather".
Pocahontas means naughty child.
In 1607, settlers came from England to present-day Jamestown, Virginia.
Winters were hard.
The Indians did not like the English settlers.
Pocahontas saved John Smith’s life.
She would bring along food to colonists.
Pocahontas was a friend of the settlers.
She was kidnapped.
She married a man named John Rolfe.
Pocahontas changed her name to Rebecca.
She went to England.
She met King James.
She got sick and died.
Pocahontas was a nice person.

It's Fun to Share!
We should share with our friends and family.
We can share food.
We can share toys.
In Ms. T's class we share crayons.
We also share Mr. Potato Head!
If we don't share then we can make people sad!
Sometimes it is hard to share.
You might not have enough to share.
Maybe it is too hard to share equally!
But, if you can then please share with your friends and family!  Everyone will be happy!

Easter Bunny
Easter is fun!
We go to bed so the Easter bunny can come.
Eggs come from chickens.
I like to decorate eggs.
Happy Easter!

Living Things Grow
All living things grow. This puppy will grow.
When the puppy grows up it will be a dog.
Can you point to the dog?
This dog is wearing a sweater.
Can you point to the dog?
Here is a mother bear and her cubs.
When the cub grows up it will be a bear.
Can you point to the bear?
You can plant seeds in a garden and watch them grow.
When the seeds grow they become a plant.
Can you point to the plant?
The plant gets bigger and bigger.
Can you point to the plant?
Can you point to the garden?
Plants need water to grow.
Can you point to the water?
All living things grow.

Indiana Jones Adventure
Indiana Jones has a giant egg.
He is squished under a rock!
When he got out, he took the jewel from the cave.
He has a camera.
The scorpions moved so he could get the skull.
He uses two star wars swords.
Hamburgers got his head and his hat fell off.  Ahhhhhh!!!!
Skeletons with helmets try to stop him too.
A big hairy giant dog got in his way.
He takes the box and gets away.  He is a hero.

Bald Eagles By Isaac SLES
They're the strongest birds.
There are 60 kinds of eagles.
Young eagles are called eaglets.

Buffalo
Buffalo
Buffalo are wild oxen.
It looks like a black cow with large curved horns.
It likes to soak itself in pools of water for hours.

African Elephant
Elephants are the largest land animals in the world.
They are the only animals with a long trunk for a nose.
An elephant also uses its trunk to put food into its mouth.

Killer Whale by Riley SLES
Killer Whale By Riley
Killer whales are also called orcas.
They have shiny black backs.
They eat salmon.

Tigers By Connor SLES
Tigers. By Connor.
People hunt tigers.
They are the biggest cat.
They live in Asia.

Dolphins by Mallory SLES
Dolphins BY Mallory
Dolphins are sea animals closely related to whales and porpoises.
Scientists think they are among the most intelligent animals.
Most of them live only in salt waer.

Dolphins by Grace SLES
DOLPHINS  BY GRACE
Dolphins are sea animals.
Dolphins are closely related to whales and porpoises.
They swim in salt and plain water.

Dolphins by Kristen SLES
Dolphins by Kristen
Dolphins are related to whales and porpoises.
Scientists  think they are the most intelligent animals.
Trained dolphins can jump through hoops.

Blue Whale by James SLES
Blue Whale by James
A whale looks like a fish.
Mammals feed their babies with milk.
A whale is a huge sea animal.

Killer Whales By Milan SLES
Killer Whales By Milan
Killer whales are 30 feet long.
Killer whales weigh 10 tons.
They also eat fish.

Arabian Horses By Irish SLES
Arabian Horse By Irish
Horses are useful and beautiful animals.
They have been friends to human beings for thousands of years.
Riding a horse was once the best way to travel on land. Hunters rode horses to catch wild animals.

Things I Like
I like to play outside in the sunshine,
and build snowmen in the winter.
I like to play with cars.
I like to swim.
I like to fish.
I like to eat new foods.
I love to travel.
I like to see new places,
and meet new friends.
I really like to come home.

Red Squirrels by Joey SLES
Red Squirrels by Joey
Some red squirrels bite.
Some red squirrels have bushy tails.
Red squirrels have sharp claws.

Killer Whale by Ethan SLES
Killer Whale By Ethan.
Killer whales do tricks.
Killer whales do flips.
Killer whales live in the ocean.
Killer whales hold bells on their noses.
People swim with killer whales.
Killer whales swim with other killer whales.
Killer whales are in aquariums.
Killer whales can balance a ball on their nose.
Killer whales have a black and white body. They have shiny backs.
Killer whales are 30 feet long and weigh 10 tons.

Whales by Chase SLES
Whales By Chase
They have blubber.
They are all in oceans.
Most whales are ginormous.
Whales are cool.

American Bison by Ben SLES
American Bison by Ben
Bisons are wild.
Bisons are big.
Bisons are really not a buffalo.
Bisons are cool.

Cats by Paityne SLES
Cats by Paityne
Cats do cool tricks.
Cats sing good.
Cats jump high.
Cats can't play music.

Red Fox by Isaac SLES
Red fox by Isaac.
Foxes are animals in the dog family.
They live almost everywhere in the world.
They have sharp hearing.

Dolphin by Molly SLES
Dolphin by Molly
Dolphins can swim.
They breathe through a hole.
Dolphins are cute.

Whales by Max SLES
Whales By Max
Whales have blubber.
Whales have shiny backs.
They go 90 feet deep.

Deer by Elsie SLES
Deer By Elsie
Deer are fast runners.
Lots of deer walk across the road.
Deer have antlers.

Baby Animals and Their Mothers
Here is a mother dog and her puppies.
This is the mother dog.
Can you point to the dog?
A baby dog is a puppy.
Can you point to the puppy?
A mother dog is big.
Can you point to the dog?
A puppy is small.
Can you point to the puppy?
A chicken is the mother.
The chicken lays an egg to have her baby.
Can you point to the egg.
When the egg hatches the baby chick is born.
Can you point to the egg?
The baby chicks will grow up to be chickens.

Facts About Our World
Africa
Africa has some of the largest deserts.
In deserts, there are oases that provide fresh water for animals and the Nomads.
Africa has many savannahs.
China
The Chinese write differently than we do.
Cities in China are very large. There are many colored lights at night.
The biggest cities are by the ocean.
Ecuador, South America
Volcanos erupt in Ecuador.
There are waterfalls in the National State Park.
In Ecuador, they like to play futbol. Futbol is our soccer.
Europe
The Eiffel Tower is in Europe. You can go to the top by an elevator.
Big Ben is in London, UK.
Italy has Catheduals everywhere.
United States of America, North America
Mount Rushmore is a symbol of America. It's a monument to honor four presidents.
The Statue of Liberty is a symbol of America. It welcomes people to America.
The bald eagle is a symbol of America. It shows that our country is strong.
Australia
Australia has kangaroos. They like to hop and punch.
There are Holden cars in Australia. They go fast.
Australia has different kinds of chocolate.

Kendra Loves Music!
I love music!
You can dance to music!
Music lights my heart!
Kendra listens to music!
Ballet poodle dances to music !
The singing bird!
You can play a piano!
You can sing!

Washington DC (km)
Washington DC is on the Potomac River.
There is a zoo there called the National Zoo.
The Washington monument is 555 feet tall.
The Capitol Building is where Congress meets.
The Lincoln Memorial honors Abe Lincoln.
The White House is in Washington DC.

My Easter
Easter is a special holiday.
Long ago, when I was a kid, we got dressed up like this for Easter Sunday.
Now I sing in a church choir.
We have a candlelight service on Holy Saturday.
Then Easter Sunday comes with joy.
The church is filled with lilies.
Magnolia trees are blooming outdoors.
Some ladies will wear fancy hats for Easter.
School children are making special Easter treats or crafts.
Grade One classes are counting the days until their chicks hatch.
Older students will make some beautifully decorated Easter eggs.
Maybe I'll see a dog wearing bunny ears.
Children will hunt outdoors for Easter eggs.
My family will gather together.
Maybe I'll find some Easter sushi for my sister.
We'll have some special soup for dinner.
I'll serve them lots of vegetables,
and maybe some pie for dessert.

Pocahantas by J.B.
Pocahontas was Native American.
She lived in Virginia 400 years ago.
She was the daughter of Chief Powhatan.
Her real name was Matoaka, which means "Little Snow Feather".
Her nickname was Pocahantas, which means "playful one."
She was 12 years old when the English arrived in Jamestown.
She saved Captain John Smith's life.
She married John Rolfe and changed her name to Rebecca.
Pocahantas became very sick and died at 22 years old.

More Number 7
This is the number 7.
Here are 7 puppies.
Can you point to the number 7?
Here are 7 balls for the dogs to play with.
Can you point to the number 7?
Here are 7 children.
Can you point to the number 7?
Here are 7 candy bars.
Here are 7 lollipops. Kids don't eat too much candy.
Can you point to the number 7?
This is the number 7.

Disney Cars
This is Lightning McQueen.
This is Filmore.
This is Luigi.
This is Mater.
This is Ramone.
This is Sarge.

Muscle cars
The King Cobra is in a car show for its beautiful style.
The Corvette and the Mustang are parked in the garage.
The Corvette is under a post in a parking lot.
The man and his cars are in a detail shop.
The classic Cobra is cool and drives fast down the road.
The Monte has a big engine and is powerful in the race.
The Camaro is being shown after the race.
The black Impala and the red Impala are drag racing at the track.
The Ford received a new paint job in pearlescent orange/yellow.
The Shelby and the GT are being shown in a car show.

More idioms...
I have a frog in my throat.
I have a frog in my throat.
I really hit the books yesterday.
I really hit the books yesterday.
I'm a shooting star in Math class.
I'm a shooting star in Math class.

Cleopatra
Cleopatra was Queen of Egypt.
She was 18 years old.
Her brother kicked her out of power.
Cleopatra moved out of Egypt.
She died of a snake bite.
Cleopatra was a good leader.

Cats
Bob and Kat are in love.
The cat is black and the mouse is under the cat's paw.
The cat is kicking the dog at the head.
Bob and Bob is with his sister.
The cat is under the blaket.
The cat is under the bed.
Frank and Bob are on the stump.
Frank likes his belly rubbed.
Bob likes beer and a pack of smokes.
Bob and Frank are good frends.

Mustang!
This person liked gold paint on their car.
Dad is buring the tires and looks like blue smoke.
Mom and dad wouldn't buy this car.
The man is inside of the car.
The gril liked a black car  with pink stripes.
I went mudding with my mustang.
Krista is getting a mustang and it has orange on the car.
Mom and dad got this for my birthday.
Krista is going to race with her new car.
Dad went fiying and flew between the road.

CM: My Dog Can
My dog can swim.
My dog can bark.
My dog can run.
My dog can eat pizza.
My dog can play with a ball.
My dog can snore.

My Presents
For Christmas I got..
a new Wii,
a karaoke machine,
a new popcorn machine,
and a peace symbol lamp.
I play lots of games on my Wii before I watch a movie.
I sing songs on my karaoke machine.
I sing Taylor Swift songs.
My lamp is pink and it is in my room.

Fruit
apple
apple
banana
orange
watermelon
cantaloupe
pear
pear
kiwi fruit
strawberry
blueberry
white grapes
black grapes
peach

Easter
"I can't belive its so close to Easter ,"said Emma!"
"Tonight the Easter Bunny is comming, said Bethany."
"Do you want to go to the Easter egg hunt tonight, asked Emma?"
"Sure but after do you want to go to Brittany's Easter party, asked Bethany?"
"Yeah, said Emma!"
"We should go home, said Bethany."

Our favorite Lunch!
Em's favorite lunch is grilled cheese!
Jake's favorite pizza!
Ms. D's favorite lunch is tacos!
Josh's favorite cheeseburger!
Mrs. Pecori's favorite lunch is tuna salad!
Mrs. Kastler's favorite turkey sandwich!

Adding with Rhys and Cole
There are 1+1=2 stuffies.
Here are 2+2=4 stuffies.
There are 3+2=5 cars in the parking lot.
How many lizards can you see?
This lizard is camoflaged. Can you see it?
How long is this lizard?
Can you figure out how many lizards are on this car?
Seven lizards bring us to the end.

Cats By Zander Sles
Cats By Zander
Cats chase rats and snakes.
Cats are my favorite pets.
Cats likes to play with toys.

Friends
Friends are always in your life.
True friends are there to catch you when you fall.
Cindy and I have been friends since we were two years old.
We are still best friends to this day.
We always danced and sang in the rain.
She is their whenever I need someone to talk to.
Whenever I am blue in the face she makes me smile and laugh.
She and I hug because we care.
I love her like a sister.
She is there when I say I need her the most.
Our friendship will never end.

Badgers by Cole SLES
Badgers by Cole
Badgers are black and white.
Badgers eat a lot.
Badgers come out at night.
Badgers can be pets.
Badgers are not nice.
Badgers can be scary!
Badgers can hurt.

Gray Wolf By Joshua SLES
Gray wolf By Joshua
A wolf is a wild animal.
A wolf is a good hunter.
A few have black fur.
The red wolf has almost died out.
Many people are afraid of wolves.

Pandas By Drew SLES
Pandas by Drew
Pandas live in Asia.
They like to eat bamboo.
There aren't as many pandas now.

Spring Breakfast 2011
We are having a Spring Breakfast on April 19th.
We will have donuts and fruit.
There will be coffee for the adults.
There will be juice or milk for students.
We invited our parents.
We made posters and decorations.
We can make our own web books on Tarheel.
I will write a book about spring.
Welcome Spring!
Thanks for coming!

I Like Sports!
I like baseball.
I like batting.
I like catching.
I like hockey.
I like scoring.
I like skating.
I like fishing.
I like casting.
I like reeling.
I like swimming
I like splashing.
Sports are fun!

Things I Like!
I like the L.A. Lakers.
This is an L.A. Lakers fan!
I like to play soccer.
A boy getting hit by a soccer ball.
Reading is my favorite thing to do.
I love to read!
Lamborghini's are my favorite cars.
A purple Lamborghini.
Jacksonville Jaguars are my favorite football team.
I like playing basketball.
There are so many things I like to do!

Take Me Out to the Ball Game
I went to the Minnesota Twins' baseball game.
I ate hotdogs.
The pitcher pitched.
The batter swung.
The baseman caught.
The runner slid.
The umpire yelled.
The Twins won!
The crowd cheered!

Lions By Nico SLES
Lions.
Lions are called king of beasts.
Lions are about 9 feet long.
People are lions' worst enemy.

Power Rangers are Samuri
Go, Go, Power Rangers!
Kids like to dress up in Power Ranger costumes.
Kids like playing with Power Ranger toys.
Megazoids are the most powerful.
Kids like to watch Power Rangers on television.
Some kids like red Power Rangers.

Bald Eagles
Bald Eagles
This eagle saw a buzzy bug.
Bald Eagles sleep in a bed called a nest.
The mother let the two eaglets sit on the branch.
The fish tried to hide from the eagle.
The eagle will get a rabbit.
Eagles get their talons wet when they try to capture fish.

Micheal
Micheal loves multi-grain Cheerios.
Micheal has a timer on his computer.
Micheal has a different last name.
Micheal can't behave because he is bad.
Micheal loves family guy.
Micheal likes to work with his dad.
Micheal is very helpful.
Micheal takes medicine.

Galileo Biography
Galileo is smart.He wanted to be a monk.A monk is a teacher.
Galileo lived so long ago not much is known about his childhood
Galileo was a monk. He taught people.
Galileo looked at the planets. He made and improved telescopes.
Galileo got 1,000 gold pieces because he gave the mayor a telescope.
I admire Galileo because he stood up for himself.
Does anybody have questions about Galileo?

The Country of Japan
Japan is on the Continent of Asia.
The Capital City of Japan is Tokyo.
One of the Landmarks is the Roppongi Tower.
Japan has beautiful flowers. These are violets.
These Girls are in Tokyo Shopping.
This is one of the beautiful scenes of Japan.

Kemah
This is Kemah.
I like Kemah.
This ride is called the big ride.
I will ride this one.
This ride is scary!

Ice Cream
There are so many ways to eat ice cream.
You can have an ice cream sandwich.
You can have ice cream on a stick.
You can have a bowl of ice cream.
You can have an ice cream cone.
You can have two ice cream cones.
You can have ice cream with fruit.
You can have ice cream with sprinkles.
You can have ice cream on a brownie.
You can have ice cream on pie.
You can have cake and ice cream.
You can have ice cream cake.
You can have an ice cream sundae.
You can have a root beer float.
You can have a milkshake.
You can have fried ice cream.
How do you like to eat your ice cream?

I Like Trucks
I like big trucks.
I see a dump truck.
Do you see the white truck?
The truck is very big.
How many trucks can you see?
Look at the blue truck.
The red truck can go fast.
The blue truck can go fast.
Look at the yellow truck.
I see a dump truck.
Look at the garbage truck.
I see a white truck. It is a tow truck.
Look at the mail truck. Do you see the cat on top?
I want to go to the ice cream truck.
I see the white ice cream truck. I want ice cream!
I see a red pick up truck.

Bowling
I came to the bowling ally.
These are bowling balls.
Boy's bowl.
The girl is bowling.
I see white bowling pins.
The bowling balls are colorful.
The ball rolled quickly.
Bowling balls are round.
Bowling is fun!
This is a sports story.

Cats
I feed the cats and take it for a walk.
I have two pet cats.
This cat likes water.
This is a black cat.
This cat is adorable and small.
This is another black cat.
This white cat likes to eat.
This baby black cat is trying to walk.
I love my pet cats.

Outer Space
These are the Stars in the sky.
This is a Black Hole.
There are 8 Planets in our solar system.
This is a drawing of Outer Space.
This is the Earth. We live here.
These are the Satalites in Space.
This a rocket to the Moon.
This is our sun. The Sun is hot.

The Easter Bunny
The Easter Bunny
The Easter Bunny came to my house.
The Easter Bunny was hiding the eggs.
He hid a lot of eggs.
The cat was hiding.
She followed the Easter Bunny.
She was eating the Easter eggs.
She ate them all.
I got up Easter morning.
There was no eggs for me.

My Cat is Fat.
My cat is fat.
My cat is black.
My cat is small.
My cat is tall.
My cat is white.
My cat is here.

Name Your Pet
What name would you give each pet?
Bowser?
Happy?
Tiger?
Spot?
Howard?
Sunshine?
Polly?
Sandy?

Cat Actions
Cat sleeps.
Cat naps.
Cat hugs.
Cat eats.
Cat growls.
Cat sits.
Cat runs.
Cat stuck!

In The Sea
Here is a jellyfish.
here is a dolphin.
Here is a whale.
Here is a whale shark.
Here is a shark.
Here is a stingray.
Here is a fish.
Here is a starfish.
Here is a turtle.
Here is coral.
Here is a seal.
Here is a whale.

Dolls
I love dolls.
I have a doll just like this.
Cool dresses.
Maybe theres a bike wheel on this one.
These are Japenese dolls.
Boy she looks smart.
Dolls come in many different ways.
She even comes with a dog and a jump rope.
DOLLS ROCK!!!!!!!!!!!

Long Neck Dinosaurs
Long neck dinosaurs are plant eaters.
They have babies.
These dinosaurs are in cupcakes.
These old dinosaurs are in the paper.
This is a plant eaters and a meat eater.
The T-Rex is my favorite dinosaur.
Some dinosaurs have long necks and feathers.
These dinosaurs are looking at a computer.
You only see dinosaurs and people together in movies.
Long necks are taller than a building. I like long necks!

Birds
BIRDS
Birds fly and eat.
The big snake ate a bird!
Birds live in a nest.
Parrots talk to people.
My dog chases birds.
Birds sit and lay on their eggs.
Birds sing in the trees.
Birds lay eggs!
Birds eat worms and hatch eggs.

Awesome   Guinea  Pig By Vance SLES
Their colors are brown, red or a mixture.
They grow up to 14 inches long.
They like to play.
They are found in South America.

I Like Pasta
I like pasta.
Mac and cheese is pasta.
I like pasta.
Pasta is made from grain.
I like pasta.
Noodles are pasta.
I like pasta.
Spaghetti is pasta.
Amy likes pasta.
Soyee likes noodles.
We like pasta. YUM!

The Cat is Here.
The cat is here.
The cat is on a hat.
The cat is on the grass.
The cat is on the box.
The cat is on the books.
Get down cat!

Kirsty the Cow
Kirsty the Cow
written by  Shira Fisher
The cows are on the farm.
Moooo Moooo!
The baby says, “This milk is wonderful.”
The calf is tired, she has been running and playing.
The calves are looking at a dog.
The little girl is petting the calf.
They are running to their mommy.
The cows are all standing together on the farm.
The End

Maple Leafs
The Maple Leafs team has strong players.
The Maple Leafs team has fast players.
The Maple Leafs team has good players.
The Maple Leafs team has tall players.
The Maple Leafs team has smart players.
The Maple Leafs team has cool players.

Playing Hide and Seek with Clifford the Big Red Dog
Hi! My name is Emily Elizabeth and this is Clifford my big red dog!
Today we are playing hide and seek. Can you help Clifford find me?
First close your eyes and then count to ten.
Do you see Emily Elizabeth?
Do you see her on top of the tree?
Do you see her under the tree?
Do you see her in front of the tree?
Do you see her behind the tree?
Great job! You found Emily Elizabeth behind the tree!
It was fun playing with you!

Justin Bieber
Justin Bieber is a nice person.
Justin Bieber is a good singer!.
Justin Bieber is a funny person.
Justin Bieber is cute.
Justin Bieber is a good dancer.

Jodi's Transformers
I love Transformers!
This is Bumblebee.
He is my favorite.
He turns from a car into an autobot.
This is Optimus Prime.
He is the ruler of the autobots.
He saves the world from the decepticons!

Flowers.
Here is a red flower.
Here is a yellow flower.
Here is a pink flower.
Here is a blue flower.
here is a purple flower.
Here is an orange flower.
Here is a white flower.
Here is a bunch of flowers.
here is a field of flowers.
here is a butterfly on a flower.
Here is a flower shop.

This is a House
This is a house.
This is a window.
This is a door.
This is a roof.
This is a chimney.
This is a wall.
This is a fence.
This is a gate.
This is a garden.
This ia a garden path.

Going to School With Daniel Cook
Daniel Cook is going to school.
Daniel needs his backpack...
and his lunch bag...
and his pencil.
His backpack is on the bench.
His lunch bag is on the table.
His pencil is on the desk.
Daniel grabs his backpack, lunch bag and pencil.
Now, Daniel is ready to go to school.

Lots of Food
I like chocolate chip cookies.
I like to eat colored rice.
I like to eat seafood.
I will eat shrimp.
I go to Caseys store all the time to buy doughnuts or sodas sometimes.
I like chocolate caramels.
I like to buy spaghetti in a can.
I like to buy M&M's.
I like to have birthday parties with lots of different chocolates.
Chocolate cupcakes, chocolate bars...gooey and soft.
Fruit is good for you!
Gingerbread houses are neat!
Desserts
Apples, can be sweet, hard, and juicy.
Oranges can be sour or sweet. They can be peeled and eaten or made into juice.
Cherry vanilla pudding
Breakfast cereal
You can eat peaches.
You can plant strawberries in the garden.
Lemons are sour and made into a cake.

Daniel Cook is Hungry
This is Daniel Cook!
Daniel Cook is Hungry.
But Daniel has no food!
First, Daniel buys the food.
Then, Daniel prepares the food.
At the end, Daniel eats the food!
Daniel is no longer hungry!

MY FAMILY AND I
My family and I go on vacation.
My family goes on a cruise.
My family and I go to the park.
My family and I go to the beach.
My family and I go out to eat.
My family and I love to play games.
My family and I love to watch movies.

Lego City by David and Darwin
These are ninja legos.
These are Star Wars legos.
This is a big lego city with a big boat.
There are a lot of lego people in the lego city.
This is a big road in the lego city.
I like the pretty lego houses in the lego city.
People built this city really big.
The tall buildings are cool in this lego city.

Signs of Spring
Signs of Spring
There are 4 seasons in a year. The first day of spring is March 20th.
One of the first signs of spring are crocuses, even in the snow.
Spring has many kinds of weather. It can snow.
The wind blows cold and it can be warm.
It rains a lot.
We can have thunder storms and maybe tornadoes.
After the storms we may see a rainbow.
Spring makes us happy. Warm weather is coming.
There are cloudy skies and fields of flowers.
Crocuses bloom.
Trees begin to bud.
The buds open into beautiful flowers.
We see daffodils in yards.
There are signs of spring along the roads. Flowers in the grass and...
trees. It smells wonderful.
Pansies are blooming.
Beautiful tulips are popping out.
We see insects.
Snow melts and water rushes in the streams.
Many animals are born or hatched in the springtime.
Birds come back.
They like to sing.
We like to play outside when the sun shines.
Let's fly kites.
See the kite.
It is peaceful to lay in the grass.
Sometimes we like to play in the rain and walk with umbrellas.
Happy Spring!

Weavers
Yellow threads of their webs shine like gold in sunlight.
The webs of most spiders are complete with a fine- meshed pattern.
When weather is good no rain has damaged the orbs webs.
The golden orb weavers are a genus of spiders are known for the webs they weave .

Important Thing About Paul
Important thing about Paul is that he is really cool.
He lives in Minnesota.
He likes to go to the Mall of America.
He likes to see it snow.
He likes to practice bowling.
He likes to get his haircut.
He likes to sleepover at his Grandmother's.
But the most important thing about Paul is that he is cool.

Garden Tiger Moth
Garden Tiger Moth are only around in July & August.
Garden Tiger Moth eat nectar.
They eat flowers.
Garden Tiger Moth have stripes or stoups.

Bald Eagles
Bald  Eagles  are  very  interesting  and  very  cool birds.
Did  you  know  that  the white  on  a bald  eagle's   head  makes  it  look like  it  is  bald?
A  bald eagle's  wing span is  90  inches  long!
Bald  eagles  are  the biggest bird  in America!

George washington 22
George washington was the first president.
George washington is on a one doller bill.
George washington was a very special person.
George washington was in alot of wars.

Bald Eagles
Eagles are very interesting animals.
As you can see, the males are bigger than the females.
Eagles eat rabbits,  squirrels, and even young deer and lambs.
So, that's my story. Bye!

Hawaiian Happy Faced Spider
The spider is an interesting insect.
But you can barely see them.
Did you know that you need a magnifying glass just to see them?
The female spider is bigger than the male.

Peacock Butterfly!!!!!
Peacock Butterfly
I think the butterfly is cool. I hope you think so too.
I wonder how many babies they have?
Did you know that the wing span is 50 to 55 mm?
Is that pretty?
The butterfly drinks nectar.
The butterfly lives in Europe to Asia.
It looks like it is going to get you.
So cool!!!
Do you see those hairs? They give you a rash.
I wonder if they camouflage?

Swallow are  Cool
A swallow is a type of graceful bird.
A swallow can lay up to 8 eggs.
A swallow uses its feet only for perching.
Swallows eat worms and flies.
Swallow build mud nest.
Swallow make nest near waterfalls.
Swallows have a fear of people.

Hawks
A hawks length is 26in. There wing span is 110 to 145in. And it weighs about 3.5 pounds.
Its prey is rats, rabbits and mice.
Its predator is people and things that is bigger than them.
Hawks are small for medium size birds. The sparrow hawk eats small bird's.

Daddy Long Legs.
Daddy long legs are the only spiders that do not bite.
Did you know if you rip off it's leg it will grow bake?
They often like to crawl on pretty flowers.
They also live in north/ south/America.

Spiders are Interesting
A spider can make big webs or small webs.
This spider is very scary looking.
Spiders do help the world.
This spider is having babies.

Weaver Birds
Weaver birds build big nests.
The nest's opening is at the bottom so snakes can not get in.
They live in Africa and Asia.
They are mostly yellow.

The Cobweb Spider!!!
Spiders are very flexible and can be very helpful by eating insects.
Spiders can make very strong webs. Some are as strong as a iron thread.
Their web can be very delicate though it puts it in dark man made structures.
Though like most spiders they need a good night sleep.

Blue morpho butterfly
Blue Morpho Butterflies
Blue morpho butterfly's wings are bright blue!
Blue morpho butterflies are very pretty to some people!
Some  blue morpho butterflies are different colors!
Blue morpho butterflies eat fruit and other stuff!

Alexis' Alphabet Book
A is for apple.
L is for lock.
E is for exercise.
X is for x-ray.
I is for ice cream.
S is for snow.

Spring
Spring is beautiful.
In the spring, the flowers bloom.
Flowers have different shapes.
Flowers grow many places like in a park, garden, and a field.
Some people cut flowers for decoration.
Flowers are not the same color.
The birds come out and chirp loudly in the spring.
The weather is warm and sunny. Sometimes it rains and a rainbow brightens the sky.
When it is sunny we can play outside.
I am happy because spring brings warm air and I like to play outside. Spring is fun!

Celtics Rock,!!!!!!
It has finally come, Celtics vs. Lakers in the championship game!
The tip off is coming up next!
This is the one and only Larry Bird!
Ray Allen is shooting two free throws!
Oh no Rondo and Bryant are fighting. Why are they fighting?
Kevin Garnet with a dunk!
Celtics are winning with only 1.9 seconds left to go!
The cheerleaders are doing their dance!
It is awesome, the Celtics have won there 18th championship!

Soccer Day!
Today we will go play soccer!
We will run down to the end of the field.
We will practice kicking the ball.
When Mr. Shawn says to be quiet,
we will stop and use our ears to listen.
He might tell us to stop the ball.
He might tell us to kick the ball.
We will get to play soccer and have fun!

Paige
This is Paige.
She goes to UNC.
Paige is a good student.
She likes to ski.
She likes to dance.
This is Paige and her best friends.
Paige lives on the lake.
Paige loves to play cards.
Paige can do a hand stand.
Baby Paige!

Jeremy
This is Jeremy.
He goes to UNC.
He is studying business.
He likes to swim.
Jeremy likes to sing "Walkin in Memphis."
Ladies love Jeremy.
Jeremy has a sister and a brother.
Jeremy likes to color.
He helps others.
Jeremy- what a guy!

Weather
Weather can be cloudy.
Weather can be stormy.
Weather can be rainy.
Weather can be sunny.
Weather can be snowy.
Weather can be foggy.
After it rains, we get a rainbow if the sun comes out.
Whether it rains or snows, rainbows are a nice kind of weather.

The Bunny and the Frog
Once upon a time...
there was a bunny.
He went to a pond. A frog jumped up and scared him.
"Why did you do that?"
"I was trying to be funny. I am sorry."
The Rabbit King came by and turned the frog into a bunny.
Then the two bunnies became friends.

The Country of Switzerland
Switzerland is on the continent of Europe.
Switzerland is a country with mountains.
People hike in the Alps.
The capital of Switzerland is the city of Bern.
It is a country known for its chocolate candy.
The people of Switzerland like to go skiing.

A Rainbow of Flowers
You can see red roses.
These flowers are blue.
This flower is pink.
Some flowers are yellow.
These flowers are orange.
This is a very purple flower.
There are even flowers that are green.
This flower looks almost black.
Flowers make our world colorful.

Brandon
Brandon
B if for boy.
R is for rat.
A is for apple.
N is for nut.
D is for dog.
O is for octopus.
N is for nut.



N is for nut.
B-R-A-N-D-O-N
Put the letters together. and it spells BRANDON.  That's me!

MY NEW SCHOOL P4@213
Today is the day I visit my new school.
MY NEW SCHOOL is P4@213.
We will get on the bus.
We will travel on the highway.
We will arrive at 213.
We will walk through the doors of the school.
We will walk up the stairs to the third floor.
We will visit a classroom.
We will walk through the hallway.
We will meet and talk with the principal.

Recess
At recess I play on the playground.
At recess I like to swing.
At recess I like to slide.
At recess I like to run with friends.

Paige and Abby Go To a Concert!
Paige and Abby go to a Concert!
Paige suggested they go to a Selena Gomez concert.
Abby said sure that will be fun.
So they went to the Selena Gomez concert!
They had so much fun they thought she was amazing!
Then they went and got ice cream after the concert.
They went back to Abby's house. Paige also had a sleepover at Abby's house.
THE END!!!!!!

Energy
Energy is the ability to do work.
This person is working to get the bike up hill.
The work is transferred from the person to bike.
All moving objects have energy.
When you lift an object you give the object energy.
Something moving fast has more energy...
than something moving slow.
We can get energy from food,
electricity
or vibrations causing sound.
Do you have energy?

It's Raining
Mrs. Olinger says it's getting ready to rain.
Joey says Rain rain go away!
Briana says come again another day.
Ivey like riding the bike in the rain.
Jose says it rains in the city.
Hanna saw lightening in the sky.
Angelina said lightening makes me scared.
Elias saw rain puddles.
Mrs. Chandlers says the rain helps the flower grow.
Alex sees the sun shining through the clouds.
Ms. Roberson says this is the eye of the storm.
Emily says the sun still shines in the rain.
Mrs. Hurley says the rainbow is beautiful.
Austin says the sun will come out tomorrow.

I like Baseball
I like the baseball stadiums.
I like Lego baseball guys. This is Michael.
I like when the players come into home base.
I like to watch players catch fly balls.
I like to see them swing the bat.
I like when they run bases.
I like when they warm up.
Baseball is cool!

Flowers
We can grow flowers.
We plant flower seeds.
We plant the seeds in soil.
We water the seeds.
We give the seeds sunlight.
The seeds begin to sprout.
The sprouts grow a bud.
The buds open into flowers!

Kenya, Africa
This continent is Africa.
The beautiful light in Nairobi, Kenya.
Nairobi is beautiful at sunset.
The landmark is Mt. Kilmanjaro.
Africans in Kenya do joyful dances as part of their culture.
This is the tribe. Do you see how they dress,the mother and son?
The wildlife you see are three baby cubs playing.
There are also alot of zebras.

Pocahontas
Pocahontas was a famous person.
Her real name was Matoaka.
Matoaka means little snow feather.
She was born 400 years ago.
She was born in Powhatan, Virginia.
In 1606 the English came to Jamestown.
She saved Captain John Smith's life.
She was nice.

Oprah
Oprah Winfrey is a cool person.
She was born on Jan. 29, 1954 in Kosciusko, Mississippi.
She is still alive and lives in Chicago.
She really worked hard to overcome being poor.
She is good at speaking.
She won a speaking contest and went to college for free at Tennessee State University.
Oprah was the youngest and first black T.V. news anchor.
In 1983 Oprah started a Chicago talk show and 2 years later it was shown all over the country.
She is the richest African American with 1.5 billion dollars.
She picks book clubs books.
She has been in movies, writes books, and creates magazines.
People like to talk to her.

Italy
The continent of Europe is made up of many small countries.
Italy is a small European country many people enjoy visiting.
An ancient landmark in Italy is the famous Leaning Tower of Pisa.
The capital city of Italy is Rome.
Italians enjoy many types of delicious foods.

CM: Things I Like
I like motorcycles.
I like P.E.
I like video games.
I like french fries.
I like chicken nuggets. nuggets.
I like bananas.
I like to see monkeys.
I like to go swimming. I can do a flip.
I like cupcakes.

Farm Animals
I see a cow.
I see a pig.
I see sheep.
I see chickens.
I see a goat.
I see horses.
I see a duck.
I see chickens.
I see a bunny.
I see a farm.

The Country of Australia
Australia is a continent located in the Pacific Ocean.
Australia is a country and a continent.
The Great Barrier Reef is where many sea creatures live.
The capital city of Australia is Canberra,Sydney.
Australia has cowboys that raise cattle and sheep.

Cleopatra by ld
Cleopatra was the queen of Egypt.
She was the ruler from 51 BCE to 30 BCE.
She lived in Egypt.
She was living in a time of change.
She ruled with her brother.
They didn’t get along so her brother's friends kicked her out of power.
Caesar was the king.
Caesar showed up to the royal palace and Cleopatra was rolled up inside the carpet.
She was the ruler of the year.
She had a son.
Caesar became dictator of Rome.
Cleopatra was an intelligent person.
Mark Antony fell in love with Cleopatra.
They had 3 children.
She was a smart leader.
The greatest thing about Cleopatra is she lived in Egypt.

China
Asia is the largest continent on the map.
This is the country of China.
The famous Great Wall is in China.
This is the city of Beijing.
They have panda bears in the zoo.
They do katana in china.

Cleopatra.
Queen Cleopatra was the ruler of Egypt.
Cleopatra became the ruler when she was 18 years old.
She had to share with her one brother.
One of her brother's friends kicked Cleopatra out of power.
Julius Caesar fell in love with Cleopatra and they had a son.
Queen Cleopatra later meets Marc Antony and they both fell in love and three months later they got married.
They had three kids.
Marc killed himself and then Cleopatra killed herself.

My flowers
What do you see?
Are you looking?
Isn't this awesome?
The beauty of nature!
AMAZING

Argentina
Argentina is a land of varity. It is on the continent of South America.
In the country of Argentina they go out to eat and look for jobs.
There is a yellow sun in the middle of the flag.
Visitors to Argentina usually like to see the beautiful beaches.
People in the city of Buenos Aires go fishing.
They grow cashew nuts to eat.
Women also work and make hats for sale.
Some of the men in Argentina are cowboys.

Nairobi, Africa
This continent is Africa.
The beauitful light in Nairobi.
This is the Sarova Stanely, it's very beauiful in the dark.
Nairobi is beautiful at sunset.
There culture is very friendly.

Peter Pan
I like Peter Pan.
I like the ride.
I like the Indians.

10 Cool Cars
This is a cool car. It's green and cool.
This car is a cool car. It's an old race car.
This truck is the cool truck. It has 3 doors on each side. It's blue and silver.
This car is a drag racer. It is cool.
This is a race car number 3.
Wow, this car is big, It has green flames.
This car is a yellow and black car.
Look at this orange car.
Boo, this car is a wild car.
Look at this it's black and white.

September 11, 2001
September 11, 2001
On this September 11th, planes crashed into the Twin Towers. We lost a lot of heroes.
Police are heroes.
Fire fighters are heroes.
Men on the street became heroes.
Women on the street became heroes.
Everyone wrote notes to the missing heroes.
When the towers were gone, Manhattan shined blue lights in their place.
September 11th. Never Forget. Always Remember.

How Do We listen?
We listen by...
Hands that wait!
Ears that listen!
Feet that are still!
Mouths that are quiet!
Brains that are turned on!
Perfect!

Fantastic Fishes!
These are fish!
Fish live in the water!
Fishes can be really big!
They can also be really small!
Fish can be many different colors!
Fishes are awesome!

K is for Kite
I like to fly my kite at the beach.
Koalas are so cute.
Kangaroos are fun to see, too.
Katydid's are insects that begin with the letter k.
Seeing a king is a special treat.
Meeting a knight would also be neat.
I can use a key to open the door.
Listen around, there are more K words to be found.

I WANT TO GROW A FLOWER
I WANT TO GROW A FLOWER.
I want to grow a flower, but what will it need?
I need some soft brown soil.
And need to pull out weeds.
I want to grow a flower, but what will it need?
I need to make a little hole.
So I can plant some seeds.
I want to grow a flower, but what will I need?
I need some water so I can feed my seeds.
I want to grow a flower, but what will make it grow?
It needs sun to grow.
I grew a flower.

Storm Trooper for 1st grade.
The Brave Storm Trooper
Bob was not like the other storm troopers.
When Bob was little, his dad signed him up.
Bob didn't like being a storm trooper.
Bob would sometimes get lost.
Bob would sometimes get scared.
Bob once lost his hat.
Darth Vader was not happy about it.
So Bob had to go to the ice planet.
On the ice planet, Bob made some friends.
Bob and his friends started to talk.
Bob and his friends wanted to be the best storm troopers.
So they all worked hard.
They even stopped a rebel attack.
Vader was so happy with them, that he gave them a new job.
Bob and his friends became red storm troopers.
They are still red troopers to this day.

May is....
May is 31 days.
May is Mother's Day!
May is a lemonade stand.
May is the zoo.
May is field day.
May is Memorial Day!
May is a parade.
May is for ducklings!
May is playing outside!

Turtles
A little turtle.
A mossy turtle.
A lego turtle.
Lots of turtles.
A swimming turtle.
A scared turtle.
A hungry turtle.
Ninja turtles.
Baby turtles.

Pigs
A pig's nose.
A chocolate pig.
A guinea pig.
Lots of pigs.
A girl pig.
A boy pig.
A pig racing.
A lego pig.

Buses
They climbed on the bus.
He cleaned the bus.
They hopped on the bus.
She waited for the bus.
The looked out the window of the bus.
They waited on the bus.
She walked behind the bus.
They jumped near the bus.

A Day at the Beach
I don't want to fall down!
Oh no, here comes a gigantic wave!
This looks a little easier to do than surfing!
I like sitting in the sand creating sand castles.
Going for long walks is a great way to spend the day!
How about flying kites - do you like to do that?
Our umbrella flew away!
This looks like a bad storm coming to ruin our day!
Just a brief shower. The sky is clearing. What a great day at the beach!

Sugar Shack
My grandpa puts in the spile or spout.
The sap starts to run!
A wagon brings us to the sugar bush.
Now it's time to boil down the sap! Soon we will have maple syrup.

Volleyball
"Volleyball is starting," said Bethany.
"I hope I'm better this year ," said Brittany.
"You only will if you belive in yourself," said Bethany.
"That was the best practice ever," said Brittany.
"Told you all you need is to belive," said Bethany.
"I can't belive today is our first game," exclaimed Brittany!
"Well volleyball is over," Bethany said sadly.

Tony Stewart
"Tony is thinking how to win his next race," said Tony's crew.
"The race is about to start," said Josh.
"Tony is in 23rd place out of 245 laps to go," said Logan.
"Now he is in 1st place and 2 Laps to go!" said Josh.
"Now he just crashed on turn 3 and 4," said Logan.
"It looks like Tony is not going to win," said Logan.
"He starts now in 11th place since he crashed, and there's 1 lap to go!" said Josh.
"He won the race!" said Josh!
"He got the 1st place trophy, hurray!" said Tiffany excitedly!

Our World
The interesting books.
The beautiful clouds.
The colorful flowers.
The bright ladybug.
The shimmering rain drops.
The flashing lightning.
The fragile fish.
The graceful flamingos.
The cuddly koala bear.
The delicious cupcakes.
I love our world.

Maple Syrup!
Hi I'm Caleb, my grandfather does maple Sugaring. In this picture above, it shows what maple trees look like.
Here in Vermont, it takes hard work to make a gallon. Here in Vermont, it is hard work making one gallon of maple syrup.
And when it's all done it looks like this.
And when you get alot of it, you will get this. They are super tasty!
I love maple syrup!

KD Lang
KD Lang is a famous singer.
A famous song KD Lang sings is called Hallelujah.
KD Lang sang at the Vancouver Olympics in 2010.
Maybe someday I can see KD Lang sing in person.

On The Farm
The monster truck is really loud on the farm.
The barn has a fence near it and a horse.
The little baby horse is running like crazy.
The farm house has lots of cats and dogs.
The kitten in the bathroom in the kitty liter.
This is my dog named pal, he is a very good guard dog.
The tractor is doing a nice job on the farm.
The hay bales are to feed the horses and cows.
The foal is eating with it's mother.
This foal is playing in the mud in the pasture.
The old truck is still in the field.
A lamb is bouncing in the pasture.
The sheep is kissing its lamb.
This is my pet bunny named Fuzzy.
This fat pig thinks it is hiding from me.
Here are my three little pigs.
The pigs are waiting for their food.
This mama pig has lots of piglets.
My pet baby goat is named Tator Tot.
I've got my eye on you.
The baby ducks are cute.
This is Nicholas the talking horse.
I like playing on the farm with the animals.
It's been a long day on the farm I'm ready for bed.

Sandals
Sandals are shoes.
What are shoes?
Shoes are footwear. How much percentage of all shoes protect your feet and how much percentage are sandals?
98% of all shoes protect your feet.
2% are sandals. 100% of all shoes are worn by people.
Sandals are also worn on arctic rocks.
Sandals are also worn on holidays.
Some sandals are made of bamboo.
Some sandals are made of straw.
Other sandals are made of leather.

Michael & the Microphone
Michael & the Microphone
First, I get a special microphone.
I can turn on the silly voice button.
Now, I put the microphone closer to my mouth.
I can talk with a silly voice or my voice.
Yay, talking!
Yay, Michael

In our Community
Mount Prospect is our community.
We can get flowers at the flower shop.
We can get medicine at the pharmacy.
We can get money at the bank.
We can get a ticket at the train station.
We can get food at the restaurant.
We can get cake at the bakery.
We can get help at the fire station.
There is a lot in our community.

Wheels Around Us
Wheels can be big,
or wheels can be small.
Some wheels may take us places:
to school,
to the park,
to the kitchen.
Some wheels may stay in one place.
Wheels do work for us.
Wheels help us to move heavy things.
Wheels help us to do work at home.
We use wheels to open doors,
to turn on the water,
to turn on the music.
Wheels are something to play with, too.

My Dog Jake
This is Jake.
Jake has big eyes.
Jake likes music.
Jake protects me.
Jake likes the beach.
Jake loves to get his belly scratched.
Most of all, Jake loves to eat!
Good night Jake!

Funny Dogs
Waz up!
Hey look at me!!!!
Lets play a game?
How about dress up!
I'm a pumpkin!
I'm a cowboy.
I'm using the computer!
Actually I want to watch T.V.!!!!
I'm tired.
Time to go to bed.
Hi!!!!!! I do not want to go to bed.
I'm joining the circus!
I'm bored.
Lets take a walk.
It's a happily ever after!!!!!!!

Trucks by DAVID
This truck looks old.
This is a Kellogg's truck. I like Kellogg's cereal.
This truck looks like a van.
I like old trucks because my gramma likes them.
The street is full of cars and trucks.
Trucks can go really fast down the street.

Dogs
Don't worry. I don't bite.
Help me, please.
Yah, we're twins!
I'm everywhere.
Yeah, I can surf.
I've never seen a dog work.
Hey, I want a treat.
No!
Let us out!
I'm not scared.
Can I have it, please?
My dad is cool.
Whee!
Spider dog is here to save the day.
I got it.
Thanks for everything.
I would get off, but I'm too tired.

Plants
Plants
Plants are all around us. Trees, grass,
and flowers are all plants.
Plants are living things. They grow in soil.
They need soil to live.
They need water to live.
Plants also need light.
Plants start from seeds.
The farmer plants the seeds in the soil.
The seeds begin to grow.
The leaves get bigger.
The plants grow and grow when they get water and sunlight.

Volcanoes
This volcano is burning up.
The smoke is coming out from the volcano.
This volcano is exploding.
This hot lava is hot and it can burn you up.
This is a mountain gorilla.
This gorilla likes to climb up mountains.
These are Mexican volcanoes.
This is a pretty scene in Guatemala.

A Trip Into Our Solar System
Venus was named after the Roman goddess of love.
Mercury is the first planet from the Sun.
Neptune was discovered in 1846.
Saturn is the second largest planet.
Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun.
Mercury has no moons.
Venus is known as the morning or evening star.
Mercury's atmosphere is a thin layer of oxygen and helium.
Venus is the second planet from the Sun.
Mars has a valley, 5,000 miles long.
Neptune is the eighth planet from the Sun.
Saturn has an extra pair of rings outside of other pair of rings.
The Sun's core temperature is 27,000,000°F.

How Invertebrates Move
Invertebrates move in all different ways.
This is a caterpillar. Caterpillars crawl.
A butterfly flies.
This is a jellyfish. Jellyfish swim.
This is a starfish. Starfish walk.
This is a moth. It flies.
An anenome can do somersaults.
Grasshoppers hop.
Ants climb.
Spiders can run.
Leafhoppers can jump.

The Wiggles!!!
THE WIGGLES
The Wiggles in the big red car. The Wiggles in the Big Red Car. Jeff is sleeping.
Greg is singing and playing the guitar.
Wags is dancing.
Dorothy goes to the library.
Murray has a red shirt.
Jeff has a purple shirt.
Sam wears the yellow shirt
Henry the octopus is dancing.
The Wiggles say, "Bye Bye".

Hoth Star Wars
The Hoth.
We have crashed.
We are the one that blew it up.
Let's get going.
That is a lot of troopers.
Yes it is!
The death star.
I am Darth Vader. I am the leader.
Hello! Please don't kill me!!
Is that a laser? I don't know. You are A fool.
We will be back! The End

Victoria
I Like Victoria B.C.
I like the blue bridge in Victoria.
I like the Pacific Ocean in Victoria
I like the old buildings in Victoria.
I like the parliament buildings in Victoria.
I like the lights in Victoria.
I like the seals in Victoria.
I like the flowers in Victoria.
I like Darth Fiddler in Victoria.
I like Victoria B.C.!

Nanaimo
This is a Nanaimo bar.
This is the coastal city of Nanaimo.
Here's a view of the Newcastle Island Park in Nanaimo.
This is our courthouse by the famous architect, Mr. Rattenbury.
The Hudson's Bay Company built this trading post.
Here's our little railway station.
One of our colourful mayors was Frank Ney.
He brought bathtub racing to Nanaimo!
Seaplanes travel in and out of the harbour daily.
We have two large ferry terminals.
There is a smaller ferry that sails to Gabriola Island.
Sometimes the herring spawn close to shore.
A Great Blue Heron is waiting for his supper.
Buttertubs Marsh wetlands in the middle of Nanaimo is a peaceful place to walk.
The Millstone River flows through Bowen Park.
Ammonite Falls can be found on one of the local hikes.
This tug is working between Nanaimo and the cliffs of Gabriola.
There is a Biological Station to carry out research on the West Coast.
Several parks have views of the ocean.
The downtown harbour has some tasty restaurants!
It's exhilarating to hike along some ridges high above the city.
Entrance Island is dwarfed by the coastal mountains.
Some people love to race their sailboats nearby.
Kayakers enjoy exploring the protected coast.
Enthusiasts on mountain bikes find plenty of riding trails in and around Nanaimo.

Cactus Friends
Hi, I am a Cholla.
I can be pretty.
Waving at sunset.
Me and my friends.

Danish Pandekager
Danish Pandekager
Today we are cooking pandekager from Denmark.
First we get a bowl, eggs, water, butter, vanilla, and Belgian Waffle Mix.
We put the mix in the bowl.
We put the butter in the microwave for 15 seconds to melt it.
We put the melted butter in the bowl.
We crack an egg and put it in the bowl.
We cracked another egg and put it in the bowl.
We stirred it.
We added some vanilla to the bowl.
We put some water in the bowl and stirred the mix.
We added some more water and stirred it again.
We put it on the frying pan.
We flip them over.
We flip another...
and another...
and another!
We eat the pandekager.
They are fantastic and delicious!
We really, really like them!
Written by: Olivia, Kevin, Isaiah, Travis, A.J. C., Jake, Brian, Trevon, Ethan, Marquise, and Denzel

I Like The Jonas Brothers
There are 3 brothers in a band.
This is Nick.
This is Joe.
This is Kevin.
They make great music.
I like the Jonas brothers.
Kevin playing the guitar.
They are at Disney World.

Barack Obama
Barack Obama is our president today. He had a rough childhood.
Barack Obama wanted to be president when he was a child. He wanted to make the world a better place.
Before Barack was president he was a lawyer. He married Michelle Robinson. They had two daughters.
Barack was the first black president. He is the 44 president.
Barack loves to play basketball. He lives in the white house.
I admire Barack Obama because he was brave to try to be president even if he had black skin.
Does anyone have any questions about Barack Obama?

I Love Justin Bieber
I think Justin Bieber is cute.
I think Justin Bieber is handsome.
I think Justin Bieber's guitar is cool.
I think Justin Bieber is fine.
I think Justin Bieber is foxy.
I think Justin Bieber is a hunk.
I think Justin Bieber is talented.
I think Justin Bieber is sweet.
Justin Bieber has a lot of fans.
Justin Bieber is rich!
I think Justin Bieber is gorgeous!!!!!
I Love Justin Bieber!!!!!!!!

Gameworks!
This is Eugene.
Eugene is at Gameworks.
Eugene drives.
Eugene rides.
Eugene shoots.
Eugene plays.
Alex drives and Eugene watches!

Elena's Spring Break
Over spring break, I stayed home. I had family night with my dad, mom and brother.
We watched Harry Potter. I enjoyed the movie, especially when Harry found Hermione.
We had popcorn and ice cream.
My whole family went to see the play Aladdin at the Delano Middle school. The play was good because it had a lot of music.
After the play we went to Linnie's Ice Cream shop. We also looked at the Crow River.
My mom, brother and I went to see a movie called Mars Needs Moms. The movie was really funny.
After the movie, we went to Noodles and Co. I had mac and cheese.
I enjoyed spending Spring Break with my family. I can't wait until next year.

Asking Words
Sharing with friends is fun!
It's fun to play with friends.
But sometimes we want the same toy.
When a friend takes a toy, this can make you angry.
You might say "Don't take my toy!" To your friend.
Your friend should ask you by saying, "Can I have a turn with that toy?"
When you can share toys everyone can be happy.
It is nice to be happy and calm.

The G Book
Goose
Goggles
Girl
Green
G
G
G
G
G
G
Green
Green
Gate
Game

Phases of the Moon
The first phase is called the new moon. It is dark because there is no sunlight that shines on it.
The next phase is called the crescent moon.
A crescent moon looks like a banana.
The third phase is a quarter moon.
The quarter moon looks like half an orange.
The final phase is the full moon.
The full moon looks like a circle that has a light shining on it.

Cats by Kiara
Look at these wild tigers.
This cat is peeking over a ledge.
This cat looks like he is hungry.
Cats like to chase mice. They run fast.
Look how beautiful this cat is.
Ah! Look at that there tails.
Wow! This cat is big.
This cat is so cute.
Look he is so cute and sweet looking.

Dolphins By Isabella SLES
Dolphins By Isabella.
Dolphins live in groups. They have smooth rubbery skin.
Dolphins signal each other by making whistles and clicks and by slapping thier tails on the water.
Scientists think they are the most intelligent animals.

Bottlenose Dolphin By Stella SLES
Bottlenose Dolphin By Stella.
Dolphins are closely related to whales and porpoises.
Scientists think they are the most intelligent animals.
Trained dolphins can jump.

Cats By Savannah
Cats by Savannah
A kitten is a baby cat.
A cat licks itsef.
Cats like to play with toys.

Walrus by Nick SLES
Walrus by Nick.
A walrus is a sea animal. It lives in oceans.
A walrus weighs 3000 pounds.
A walrus can swim.

Hannah Montana
Hannah Montana is a rock star kid of Miley Cyrus.
The girl is cute with her dog.
I like posters of Hannah Montana. My room is filled with posters.
I like to buy things with Hannah Monta on it at the store.
I have a big room.

Kittens By Brianna SLES
Kittens By Brianna
Cats are the favorite pets of many people all over the world.
Some experts think that cats were first tamed five thousand years ago.
The eyes of a cat are special.

Easter
Easter eggs are yummy.
On Easter I go to special places.
The baby fawns are in the forest and they are cute.
The Easter Bunny are hiding eggs.
Easter cup cakes are fun to make. Yum!
I sometimes crack the eggs because it is fun.
I like this beautiful candle.
This squirrel is in the field.
On Easter baby chicks hatch.
Chocolate eggs are really really yummy.
Indiana Jones found a huge egg. The End.

Sleeping
Sleeping
Cat sleeping.
Dog sleeping.
Duck sleeping.
Snow monkeys sleeping.
Tiger sleeping.
Baby sleeping, hush!
Mama and Baby Hippo Sleeping.
Raccoon sleeping.
Lion sleeping.
Mouse sleeping on my hand.
Kids sleeping in the car, going home.

Baby Bunnies
Baby bunnies are cute.
They can hop and run at the same time.
Baby bunnies drink milk from their moms.
Kittens chase bunnies.
Baby bunnies like to eat carrots and apples.
Baby bunnies like to play in grass.
Baby bunnies like to eat grass too.
Mom bunnies like to watch out for the baby bunnies.
I like to lie down on the towels with my baby bunnies.

Running!
Running
Horse running in the field.
Dog running in the woods.
Kids running in the snow.
Dog running in the street.
Dogs running in the snow. Go dogs go!
Giraffe running fast.
Cat running in the snow. Go cat go!
Kids running fast, goodbye!

Kenzy's Spring Break
On spring break I stayed in Delano.
I went shopping with Kelly Jo ard Hannah. We went to Arbor lakes. Kelly Jo and I laughed at Hannah because she got lost drlving.
My sister Molly and I went out to eat.
we watched a movie at Mollies house.
We also walked around St. Thomas campus where she goes to school.
I got my hair cut in Maple Plain.
I am glad we had spring break because it gave me time off of school.

James Spring Break
Over spring break, I stayed home.
My friend came over to my house and we played legos.
My friend and I played tag outside.
We also watched some t.v. shows.
My mom, brother and I dog sat. Mom would play with the dog. We dog sat for 8 days.
Mom and I went grocery shopping. We bought food for supper.
We bought all the ingredients for my lunch.
We also bought food for our cat.
Spring break was fun because I got to stay home with my mom.

Danish Pandekager
Danish Pandekager
Today we are cooking Danish pandekager.
First, we put a mix in the bowl.
We read the box to see how much butter we need.
Next, we melt 2 tablespoons of butter.
We put it in the bowl.
Then, we stir it up.
We add an egg.
We add another egg. We get egg goo all over our hands.
We stir some more.
We smell the vanilla. It smells good.
We put a little bit of vanilla in the bowl.
We pour in some warm water.
We put in a little more water and stir.
Our teacher pours it on the hot pan.
She cooks them very thin.
We flip them over.
We flip some more.
We eat...
and eat...
and eat.
They are wonderful and delicious!
We love pandekager from Denmark!
Written by: Spencer, Kelsey, Austin, Marcus, Chris, Drew, John, Zach, AJ S. Kristian, and TJ

Becca's Spring Break
Over spring break I stayed at home all week.
On Saturday I played with my sister. I got a new game from my brother Brian. I gave my sister a new game too.
We played in the front yard. We had fun playing volleyball.
We watched TV and a movie.
Then we cleaned my house.
My mom and I walked to the library from our house.
I got a kniting book.
We walked home.
My spring break was relaxing.

Paige's Spring Break
Over spring break I stayed home.
I went to a Kenny Chesney concert. I was a little sad that he did not sing Don't Blink, but he sang alot of my of favorite songs.
He sang all the way to midnight. I got home at 1:30 am. It was fun to go to.
I took my drivers permit test. I got 5 out of 9 right.
I will be getting the answers to the questions I got wrong so I know what I need to study.
I went to Big Bowl. I got rice, lettuce wraps and a chocolate brownie with ice cream on top.
I went with my sister and mom. I am glad that we went there because I like Chinese food.
It was fun that I did not have to go to school over spring break.

About Ghana
This is the Ghana flag. It is colorful. It is red, yellow and green with a black star.
This is the American flag. It has red and white stripes and a blue square with white stars.
This is the map of Ghana.
Ghana is in Africa.
This is a map of the United States. I live there.
Ghana has lots of lakes. This is Lake Volta in Ghana.
America has lots of lakes too.

Dogs in the Car
Dogs in the Car
One dog in the car.
Little dog up on top.
Dog driving the car.
Dog loves the car.
Dog in his car seat.

FunnyTthings
My step mom is cool.
Jimmy Neutron is a genius.
I think Drake Bell talks trash a lot.
I hope Drake falls in a hole.

Jane Goodall
Jane Goodall was a scientist.
She was born in 1934 in London, England.
She studied chimpanzees for 45 years!
Jane Goodall wrote many books and she won several awards.
Jane Goodall is still alive.

Draw
Draw means to make lines with something such as a pencil or brush.
You can draw with a pencil.
You can draw with a crayon.
You can draw with a marker.
You can draw with your fingers.
You can draw with a paint and a brush.
You can draw with a picture cut out and glue.
Here are some famous drawings.
Vincent Van Gogh drew this picture. It is called Starry Night.
Claude Monet drew this picture. It is called Water Lilies.
Pablo Picasso drew this picture. It is called Girl Before A Mirror.
Anyone can draw. What would you draw?

MSU FOOTBALL!!!
This is the Michigan State University football stadium.
The stands are filling up with fans.
This dog is a great fan of Spartan football!
I guess Chuck Norris is a fan too!
The big game is about to begin.
The football players are ready to fight!
The cheerleaders are ready to cheer!
Sparty is the team's mascot. He's ready to watch the game.
The team plays a great game.
At halftime the Spartan marching band plays.
The game is tough, but the Spartans win!
Go Spartans!

Kitten
The cat is sitting and looking out the window.
Duany and Chubchub are on the chair.
The cat is scary with a cut on his nose.
The twins and the grey cat opened the box in the bedroom.
The cat is flying in the air.
The cat is going to sleep.
The head and the neck are falling in the toilet.
There is a cat in the person's arms.
The cat is in a blanket.
They have a cat that is sleeping.

George Washington
George Washington was the first president.
He fought in many wars.
He is on many monuments.
This is the Washington monument made in his memory.

Caring for Horses
Horses need shelter. This is a nice red barn.
Inside the barn are the stalls.
Here are some tools used to clean out stalls.
You should clean out the stall every day.
Clean stalls make horses happy.
These horses seem happy.
You will need to take care of your horse's hooves.
Someone has braided this horse's mane.
Horses should be brushed before you put the saddle on.
This horse is wearing a bridle.
The bridle and reins help control the horse when you ride.
Some people use Western saddles to ride horses.
Some people use English saddles to ride horses.
This rider is wearing a riding helmet.
This girl is wearing riding boots.
Trotting in the horse rink is fun.
Jumping horses looks fun too.
When you are finished riding, brush your horse again.
This horse is wearing a halter.
Time to run free now!

Kelly's Spring Break
I had a fun Spring Break. I went to my Grandma's house. She lives in Montevideo.
We made pizza. It tasted good.
Next we went to my other Grandma's house. I went to visit my Grandpa at the nursing home.
We ate spaghetti!
When we got back to Delano we went bowling.
We also went to McDonald's.
I cleaned my room.
Spring break was really fun!

Matt's Spring Break
Over my spring break I stayed home. I went to the craft fair in Medina. I went with my Mom for the afternoon.
I bought two stress balls there. We had a ton of fun.
The second thing I did over spring break was clean the garage with Dale.
While we were cleaning all the shelves fell down. It was a very nice day. It was very clean when we got done.
The last thing I did over spring break was watched wrestling.
I watched it with Frank. We had a lot of fun. We had a box of Mike and Ike's.
Over all I had a lot of fun on my spring break.
I got to hang out with my mom, cleaned the garage with Dale, and spent quality time with my brother. What a great spring break!

Washinton DC
Washington DC is the capital of our country.
There are many historical sites to visit.
Like The Lincoln Memorial...
The Capitol Building,
Union Station,
The Washington Monument,
The Reflecting Pool,
The Jefferson Memorial,
and The White House.

Titanic
The Titanic by Nicholas Mollenkopf
The Titanic was called the "Ship of Dreams."
Some people believed that God himself could not sink the ship.
The Titanic was carrying many passengers.
One night while the Titanic was traveling through the Arctic Ocean it hit an iceberg.
The captain lost command of the ship when it hit.
The passengers on board were running in every direction. They were screaming.
The orchestra was playing music to calm them down. The captain was the first to die.
Fifteen Hundred people went into the sea when the Titanic sank.
Many people froze to death.
A few passengers survived in life boats.
They were picked up by another ship. They were taken to New York.
Years later they found the Titanic front and rear at the bottom of the ocean.
Submarines with mechanical arms collected artifacts. The submarine went back up leaving the Titanic behind.
These artifacts are in museums.
You can learn about the Titanic at the Titanic Experience.

Meerkat What Do You See
Meerkat what do you see?
I see a rhino: STOMP, STOMP.
Meerkat what do you see?
I see a fly: BUZZ, BUZZ
Meerkat what do you see?
I see a snake: HISS, HISS.
Meerkat what do you see?
I see a Meerkat sleeping: ZZZZZZZZ.

The Girl And The Deadly Flower
A long time ago in the 1900s there was a girl named Rose.
Rose was a girl with big dreams.
One day she found something that changed her life forever.
When Rose was out gardening with her mum one day,
she said, Mother, have you heard of a rose of gold?'
Her mother said, 'Rose, I've never heard of such a thing.'
One sunny afternoon Rose was walking home from school....
when she saw a golden rose.
When no-one was looking she put the golden rose in her bag.
Sometime later a mother was crying over a coffin.

I See Farm Animals
I see the rabbit.
I see the chickens.
I see the horse.
I see the donkey.
I see the turkey.
I see the sheep.
I see the pig.
I see the cow.
I see the pig.
I see the goat.
I see the fish.
I see the dog.

My Favorite Food
Tortellini comes from Italy.
Tortellini is my favorite.
Tortellini has cheese inside.
I like Tortellini for dinner with broccoli.

Feeling Sick
Sometimes, I may not feel well.
If my head feels tight, I can say, "I have a headache."
If my throat feels scratchy and tickles, I can say, "I have a sore throat."
If my tummy feels tight, I can say, "I have a stomach ache.
If I feel like I want to go to sleep, I can say, "I feel tired."
If other parts of my body hurt, I can just say that part hurts. If my eye hurts, I can say, "My eye hurts."
If my foot hurts, I can say, "My foot hurts."
When I tell somebody how I feel, they will help me get better, and then I will feel happy again!

Cactus and Their Flowers
The sun is setting and the cacti are going to sleep.
It is now morning and the cactus is awake!
The sharp needles hurt a lot when you touch them.
I hope the lightning doesn't touch this cactus.
This is a yellow prickly pear cactus flower at the Grand Canyon.
Ms. Anderson likes this pretty orange cactus flower.
This dude looks awesome with his cactus hair.
These cactus pods are black and white and will make pretty flowers.

Mario  Brothers
This is Mario on his go cart in a race.
Aaaaahhh Mario is falling.
This is Mario on the ground from the sky.
Hi Mario.
This is Mario in the old days.
This is level 1 where Mario is stuck.
This is Luigi in a race.
Wake up Mario!
HEY!
Mario
Hold on to me.
Go Mario go.
Run Mario run!
This is 100 Marios.
Hi!
Mario is reading a book.
Me Mario
Mario is doing pushups.
Mario and Luigi got baked.
Stop it!
Hi! THE END

Star Wars
Heres R2D2s friends.
She is an evil person.
R2D2 is being silly.
Luke Skywalker won the battle.
Master Yoda is good.
Here is Darth Vader's evil army.
Darth Vader is dead.

Corey's Dog Book
The dog book.
This is a baby dog.
This dog likes to go in water.
These dogs like to play in the snow.
These dogs are a racing team.
These dogs are married.
This is the funniest dog ever.
This dog is the eye on the sky.
This dog loves sticks.
These dogs are the triplets.
I hope you liked my book on dogs!

Meatballs, Noodles and Muscatine
Meatballs, Noodles and Muscatine!
Once upon a time in Muscatine, Iowa.....
...it was raining meatballs.
It was raining chicken noodle soup.
It was raining cheeseburgers.
It was raining ice cream sandwiches.
It was raining doughnuts.
It was raining toast with jelly.
It was raining bacon.
It was raining macaroni and cheese.
It was raining pancakes.
It was raining baked potatoes.
It was raining ice cream cones.
It was raining cookies.
People started eating all the food.
The people got fat.
Everybody got stomachaches!
They went to the doctor.
The weatherman predicted healthy foods!
So it started raining oranges.
It rained celery.
It rained grapes.
It rained carrots.
It rained apples.
It rained green beans.
It rained salad.
Everyone was happy!

Hockey is Awesome
Hockey is cool!
You can play outside...
or in a hockey rink.
Hockey players are tough.
Goalies stop the pucks and pass the puck to the other players.
This is Wayne Gretzky. He is my favorite player.

Farmer Rich
Once was a farmer named Rich.
Rich loves his animals.
He has sheep,
horses,
cows,and
chickens.
One day
Farmer Rich milked his cows,
took eggs,
sheared his sheep, and
rode his horses.
The End

The Girraffe of Time Square
This is Tiny. He lives in Time Square.
He likes to have his face painted next to the city.
Dudes have tried to catch him but he gets out.
One day he saw a raccoon.
He went to say hi.
The raccoon scared Tiny away.
Tiny is sad.
He sees a person and gets stolen.
He cannot escape.
When the dude was out surfing a hippo ate him.
The hippo and Tiny were best friends.

The Toaster Waffles
WAFFLES
The waffle is very very scrumptious.
You can find waffles here.
Waffles taste good with many differant things.
Waffles can be decorative.
Waffles can be big.
Waffles can be small.
Even animals like waffles.
Babies like waffles too.
You can eat waffes with many differant things!!!!!!
You can make waffles in waffle irons.
Or in toasters.
Pancakes are good but not as good as waffles.
French toast is good but still not as good as waffles.
The only thing that might be as good as waffles is...
BACON!!!!!!!
EVERYTHING tastes better with bacon... Especially BACON
Now when my mom says eat your vegetables I'll say this.
I LOVE WAFFLES!!

The Leprechaun
Once a girl got pinched by a leprechaun.
Her name was Zoe. Her friend Autumn got pinched too.
Out of nowhere an Octopus appeared!
He said "It's Octopus Day so leave them alone."
The next ST. Patrick's Day no leprechauns pinched!
Thanks to the octopus. They declared April 2nd Octopus Day!
They had a party to celebrate too. That's how Octopus Day happened.

A Lizard Tail
Elizabeth was a poor lizard peasant girl.
This is her oldest step sister Jerk.
This is her younger stepsister Meanie.
This is her mean stepmom named Slump.
This is her Nice father Green.
Elizabeth was treated badly by her stepfamily.
One day Elizabeth ran away.
She met her non-fairy godlizard.
"Who are you?" asked Elizabeth.
I am your non-fairy god lizard..
Suddenly, the prince came out.
One lady fainted.
He fell in love with Elizabeth.
So did Elizabeth.
Elizabeth leaned in for a kiss.
The prince asked Elizabeth to marry him.
"Ask me later," said Elizabeth.
Alligator was hungry though.
Soon the prince was lunch.
"No eating princes," said the alligator's owner.
BBBBUUUURRRRPPPP!
The alligator's partner in crime said good job.
Santa Paws put Alligator on the naughty list.
Paul asked Elizabeth to marry him.
Just then the prince came.
"Will you marry me?" He asked.
"No" she said.
Just then she turned into a dog.
Now no one loved her.
Then Chris Pug came and did the Aunt Jackie.
The two ran off together.

Two Aliens and Earth
Far, far in the sky there is a moon. On that moon live two aliens.
There was Fredrick...
...and there was George.
Their plan was to hurt Earth.
They had a saucer and they were about to attack Earth.
Then they realized there was a bomb in their saucer. The saucer blew up.
They never hurt Earth.
THE END!!!!!

The Deer Hunter
Once there was a deer hunter.
He had a tree stand. He loved to hunt in it.
One day he got a 8 point buck.
The next week he went on a hunting trip with his friends.
He loved eating the deer.
He was not happy because they ate his apples.
He had a big house.
They got into his shed.
He feed the deer too.
He had a watch dog.
Now Mr. Hunter does not hunt at all.

Elephants Are in Love!
Elephants Are in Love!
I love you Shana.
WATCH OUT!!!!!!
My lovely kids.
The first time I saw you I knew I would love you forever.
HE'S GONE!!!!!!!!!!
I'm alone with my kid.
Going for a walk.
Me after my man left.
Me in my tribe.
DONT GET IN MY WAY!!!!
Lunch time!
Time to take a BATH.
Play easy with each other.
THE END!!!!!!

Harry and Hairy
Harry is a police officer.
His police car is a racing car. It goes fast.
He drives in his car with his friend Hairy the hamster.
Harry and Hairy went to a restaurant and ordered hay.
When they were done eating hay they were thirsty so they ordered water.
After they ate they went home to set up their plan.
They are going to rob chips and one can of pop from the store.
That night they went to the store.The police came to stop them but they got away with the pop and chips. The End.

Shopping for Summer
Hannah Montana needs a new wardrobe for summer! Can you help?
• Hannah needs new sandals. Pick one!
Hannah needs new sunglasses. Pick one!
Hannah needs a new hat. Pick one!
Hannah needs a new bathing suit. Pick one!
Hannah needs a new dress. Pick one!
• Hannah needs new shorts. Pick one!
Hannah needs a new t-shirt. Pick one!
Thank you! Hannah is now ready for Summer.

A Day at the Mall
Annie and Lara go to the mall.
Annie and Lara see many stores.
Annie buys blue shoes.
Lara buys red shoes.
Annie buys a yellow shirt.
Lara buys a green shirt.
Annie buys a purple skirt.
Lara buys a pink skirt.
Annie and Lara are happy!

Food Webs
There are many food chains. A food web shows how these chains connect.
A predator is an animal that hunts another animal for food.
Prey is the animal that is hunted and then eaten.
When a snake eats something it is the predator.
When a hawk eats the snake then the snake is prey.
Animals defend themselves by running.
Some animals have things on their body to protect them.
Staying in a group helps.
How does a skunk protect itself?
What is this?
Camouflage!

Food and Energy
All living things need energy to live. Consumers get their energy from their food.
A food chain is a path of food from one living thing to another.
Grass gets its energy from the sun and makes food.
If a cricket eats grass it gets energy from the grass.
When a frog eats the cricket then it gets energy that was stored in the cricket.
Energy from the sun is passed to the grass, cricket and frog.
An energy pyramid shows which things have more energy.

Living Things Depend on One Another
You depend on plants and animals to meet your needs.
Plants and animals work together to get what they need. This is called interaction.
Plants are producers because they make their own food.
They make more food than they need - it is stored in their leaves, roots, seeds and fruits.
Animals cannot make their own food.
They must eat plants or other animals.
Animals are consumers, because they eat other living things.
Animals that eat plants are called herbivores.
Carnivores are animals that eat other animals.
Some animals eat both plants and animals. They are called omnivores.

Oswego, NY
Oswego, New York
There is a lighthouse in Oswego.
Fort Ontario is in Oswego.
There is a power plant in Oswego.
SUNY Oswego is a college in Oswego.
Oswego loves hockey.
Lake Ontario is in Oswego.
Harborfest takes place on Lake Ontario each year.
This is the Oswego River.
Minetto Elementary is in Oswego!

Boats
There are all kinds of boats.
Boats stay in harbors.
Some boats are huge!
Some boats are sail boats.
Some boats are motor boats.
We wear our life jackets on the boat.
You can ride on a boat in the sun.
You can ride on a boat in the rain.
You can ride on a boat at night.
Boats are awesome!

My Mom
I love my mom so so so so so so so so so so so much!
My mom is outstanding.
My mom is prettier than a super model.
The End.

Dog Therapy
Sometimes we have therapy dogs come and visit.
Therapy dogs are trained to provide love and comfort to people.
Therapy dogs visit people who are sick.
Therapy dogs visit people who are sad.
Therapy dogs visit people who are angry.
Therapy dogs visit people who are lonely.
Therapy dogs visit people who are stressed out.
Therapy dogs visit people who have a hard time doing things independently.
Therapy dogs come in all shapes and sizes.
I should try and have nice hands while petting a therapy dog.
When I have nice hands, the dog knows I am happy to see him.
I should try to have a quiet voice while visiting the therapy dog.
When I have a quiet voice, the dog will keep playing with me.
It is fun when therapy dogs come and visit.

A Superman Story
Once upon a time, a little boy could superfly.
He loved to play on the slide with his friends.
He played with his lego.
Then, he grew up and became Superman.
His friend Batman was also a superhero who could fly.
Now he is flying faster and faster!
Batman had a friend, Catwoman.
Superman could use his special glasses to see through things.
Someone needs help: HELP!!!
Superman has many friends.

Deadmau5 and the Umbilical Brothers
This is a picture of a Deadmau5 dj.
This is the Umbilical Brothers.
This is a really cool dj Deadmau5.
This is the Umbilical Brothers performing in Austraila.
This is a picture of a Deadmau5 head.
This is Umbilical Brothers at a Award.
I like Deadmau5 very much.
The Umbilical Brothers are also on the UpSideDown Show too.
This is Deadmau5 on a dj machine.
This is a Deadmau5 head, and one day I would like to make one of my own.
These are two guys being funny.
This is a black and white Deadmau5.
These are two guys talking to each other.
This is Deadmau5 at a music festival.
These are two guys on the Upsidedown Show.
This is deadmau5 at a MTV Awards for best music.
This is the Umbilical Brothers shadows.
This is Deadmau5 at a music festival.
This is the Umbilical Brothers at the Helpmanns Awards.
This is a big Deadmau5 party.
I like the Umbilical Brothers so much that I would go and see them.

Soccer
I see a soccer ball.
I see a soccer field.
I see a soccer team.
I see a soccer game.
I see a soccer team playing.
I see a soccer team scoring.
I see a soccer team winning.
Good Job!

Horses I Like
I like this horse because it's wearing a nice halter.
I like this horse because it looks little.
I like this horse because I like it's color.
I like this horse because of it's spots!
I like these two horses because they love each other.
I like these two horses because they are fighting.
I like these two horses because they are standing in a field of wild flowers.
I like this horse because it's red.
I like this horse because it looks like my teacher's horse.
This horse is just cracking me up!
I like this horse because he's fast!
I like these horses because the small one is the smallest horse in the world!
I like this horse because it's cute.
I like these horses because one is smaller than the other.
I like this picture because the little boy is bigger than the little horse.

I Like Vegetables
I like vegetables of all kinds.
I like carrots and tomatoes.
I like brocolli.
I like corn.
I like lettuce.
I like vegetables.

Stitch the Wolf
"Hi my name is Stitch."
"These are my bothers Chad,Rad,and Brad."
"This is my dad, his name is Jake."
"This is my uncle Fred."
"This is my mom Amy."

I Love Hearts
This heart is beautiful.
These hearts are pretty.
These hearts are wonderful.
Hearts are fun.
The heart stands for love.

Titanic Disaster
In 1912 the most largest ship of it's time, sank. This grand ship was called the R.M.S Titanic.
Titanic had a sister ship,Olympic.Titanic and Olympic were unbelievably identical.
A telephone on Titanic.
The magnificent grand staircase,for first class only.
Titanic at sea.
A hallway on Titanic.
A titanic plastic model kit.

Colors, Colors Everywhere!
All of the colors that we see every day are made up of colors from the rainbow.
Red is the first color of the rainbow.
Orange comes after red.
Yellow is the third color...
...followed by green!
Blue is next!
And purple is last!
Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue and Purple make up all the colors of the rainbow!

I Like School!
I like school. It is fun!
Look at my school.
I like saying hello to my friends at Morning Circle time.
I enjoy learning about letters and sounds.
I try to eat healthy food at morning tea time. Yummy!
I love reading. I like stories about animals.
I sit smartly and listen to my teacher.
I enjoy doing lots of writing at school. Sometimes I write stories about scary monsters!
When it is lunch time I am so hungry I eat all of my lunch.
I love playing in the playground with my friends. We play nicely together.
Sometimes I go swimming. I love splashing and floating.
My favourite lesson is art. I like painting and making lots of mess!
I like home time too. I can see my Mom and my brother. Sometimes my dad picks me up.
When I get home it is time to relax. I like watching DVD's with my sister.

My Silly Hockey Team
I have a silly hockey team...
This is our coach. He is a rat!
This is our goalie. He is a cat!
I don't think that we will win.
We don't wear helmets...We wear silly hats!
We don't play with sticks...We play with bats!
I don't think that we will win.
We even use a duck as a puck!
I don't think that we will win.
We may be silly...but we DID win!

Look at My Puppy Nathan
MY PUPPY by Shira Fisher
Look! This is my puppy.
Look! My puppy wants a drink.
Look! My puppy likes toys.
Look! My puppy likes to play ball.
Look! My puppy likes dog treats.
Look! My puppy likes to go for a walk.
Look! My puppy likes to play in the grass.
Look! My puppy is getting sleepy.
The end.

The World of Mario Kart
Welcome to the world of Mario Kart!
Choose a game and we'll explore!
Look at rainbow road. There is so many colors!
Mario is in 2nd place! GO,go,go!!!
It's like the whole thing is just popping right out at you!
Let's design the car!
Oh no! HERE COMES BOWSER!
Mario is here to save the day!
Mario saved the day!!!
THE END!!!!!!!

Birds are Cool
This hummingbird has a long beak.
These 2 penguins love each other.
This eagle and its mate just had 2 little fuzzy babies.
These are the eagles' babies. Their names are Jessi and Jessica.
This parrot has different colors.
This hummingbird has a pinkish-purplish neck.
This bird is flying for the gold!
This bird is really,really small!!!
Have you ever seen such a flock?????????
This bird is really red!!!
We are waiting for food!!!
This bird has green, blue, and black all over it.
Colors,colors everywhere!
There are so many birds up there!
Swan Lake!
This is a really cool blue bird!
He is flying high.
THE END!

Transportation
There are many ways to get to where you want to go.
You can drive a car.
You can fly in a plane.
You can ride on a train.
You can sail in a boat.
No matter where you want to go, there is a way to get there.

Facts About Cat
Cats can live inside or out.
Cats purr when their happy.
Cats are very curious animals.
Some cats are very large.
Cats come in many different shapes and sizes.
Cats love to play.
Some cats play with other cats.
Some cats are wild.
Some cats can run very fast.
Cats are very beautiful.
Cats are very loving.

Ships
This is lego ship.
This is a hospital ship.
This ship is hiding.
This is a space ship.
This ship is in the ice.
This ship is broken.
Here are two ships.
This is a battle ship.
I love ships!

Letter F
Letter F
F is for firetruck.
F is for fish.
F is for feet.
F is for flag.
F is for flowers.
F is for food.
F is for feathers.
F is for frog.

BRIAN AND RYAN
BRIAN AND RYAN HAVE SOME FUN
WE LIKE TO PLAY BOARD GAMES.
WE LIKE TO PLAY WITH OTHER PEOPLE.
OUR FAVORITE BOARD GAMES ARE SEQUENCE AND MONOPOLY.
WE LIKE TO GO BOWLING.
WE LIKE TO GO BOWLING WITH SPECIAL OLYMPICS.
WE LIKE TO RIDE OUR BICYCLES.
WE LIKE TO PLAY ON THE COMPUTER.
SOMETIMES WE READ MAGAZINES.
SOMETIMES WE READ THE NEWSPAPER.
WE ALSO LIKE TO PLAY BASKETBALL AND SOCCER IN THE GYM.

Dog & Cats
"The cat is Shadow and the dog is Goober," said Melina.
"This is Shadows friends Sofia, wanting to watch TV," said Melina.
"This is Goobers friend Paches," said Madison.
"This is Sofia with her brother Denver," said Madison.
"Everyone is tired, so get a good night sleep," said Melina and Madison.

I Love to Draw & Color
I love to draw and color everyday.
Do you want to draw with me?
Look at all the pretty and bright colors!
I'm going to color with lime green first.
I'll draw the grass first.
Next I'll use yellow.
I'll draw the sun.
I love how our picture turned out.
THE END!!!!!

SPRING BREAK
SPRING BREAK
On Spring break, I went fishing.
I bought a magazine about Nintendo power.
I went to Special Olympics and watched basketball in a large gym.
I played a board game with Josh, Grant and Ryan.
When I got home I did the login on my computer and read the newspaper.
And when I was done I went for a 3 day bicycle ride.

Harriet Tubman
Harriet Tubmam was a slave. She was born in Maryland in about 1821.
Harriet was six when she started working in the fields on the plantation.
She had ten brothers and sisters. They lived in a tiny cabin with a dirt floor and straw beds.
This is what some slave houses looked like.
These are slaves working in the fields.
Harriet did not want to be a slave anymore. She wanted to escape so she would be free.
Harriet lived in the South (orange on the map) and she wanted to escape to the North (green on the map) where she could be free.
Harriet escaped on the Underground Railroad to Philadelphia.
This is Harriet Tubmam leading slaves on the Underground Railroad.
She made 19 trips to Maryland and smuggled 300 slaves to freedom.
During the Civil War, Harriet Tubman spied on the Southerners.
This is a statue of Harriet Tubmam leading slaves out of the South to freedom.
This is what Harriet Tubman felt like when she was free.

The Real Michael Jackson
The real Michael Jackson
"This is his famly," said Tony.
"This is Michael Jackson in lego form," said Darren.
"This is Michael Jackson's name written on a sidewalk", said Tony.
"This is a picture of him perfoming Thriller," said Darren.
"This is him getting a picture," said Tony.
"This is Michael Jackson's headstone," said Darren.
"This is him performing," said Tony.
"This is a picture of him," said Darren.
"This is a kid drawing a picture of him," said Tony.
"This is his CD," said Darren.
THE END

Lizzards
Cutie, Cutie!
I love lizzards!
Lizzards are different colors.
Some of them change colors.
I love catching them!
I am very sneaky.
I hold my lizzard tight, but not too tight.
I play with my lizzard and pet her.
Then, I set her free. She lives on our porch.
Bye...Cutie, Cutie!

The Magical Wolf
There once was a magical wolf. He could change into other wolves. " Hi I am the magical wolf."
He changed into a sunny wolf. "I changed into a sunny wolf."
He ran away & changed into a red wolf. "I changed into a red wolf. Now I will change into another wolf."
He changed into a bad wolf. "Now I'm a bad wolf and I eat pigs."
Now he is a timber wolf. "I'm realaxing in the shadows."
He changed into a wolfspider. "I can't change back. "NO!"

yummy
''Those donuts look good," said Billy.
''What flavor is it?'' asked Zachary.
''What's on top of it?'' asked Bill.
''Can I have it?'' asked Logan.
''Is that meat good?'' asked Bob.

My Book of Farm Animals
I like farm animals.
I like cows.
I like sheep.
I like horses.
I like chickens.
I like goats.
I like pigs.
I like rabbits.
I like farm animals!

Bob the Bear
Bob the Bear
Bob the Bear loves to swim.
Bob is blowing bubbles.
Bob likes to bob in the water.
Woah. Bob looks sleepy.
The End.

Camaros are cool.
I'm green.
I'm yellow.
I'm awsome.
I'm cool.
I'm I'm I'm I'm cool like that.
I'm surrounded.
I have flames.
I have camaros.
See my engine.
I'm a police camaro.

Cats
Meow
Aw. What a cute baby cat!
You can run but you can't hide!
It is so hot. The cats are resting in the shade.

Applying to College
You will want to start researching different College's during your junoir year of High School.
Arrange to take either the SAT or ACT.
At the beggining of your senior year you should decide which school's you want to apply to and begin to work on your applications.
You should discuss your options with your school guidance councilor.
The next step is to approach several of your teachers and ask them to write letters of recommendation for you.
Arrange to have your transcript sent.
Arrange to visit all of your top choice schools.
Decide on a school taking into account it's cost, the quality of its programs and distance from home.
Make your deposit and enroll at your chosen school before the deadline has passed.

Day at the Farm
The sheep have soft hair.
There are brown horses.
The rooster has a funny neck.
Cows say "mooooo."
There are a lot of chickens on the farm.
There are baby animals on the farm.
Cows have a lot of black spots.
Some animals like to eat grass.

snowwwwwwwmobilinggg!! yay!!
Snowmobiles can move fast in snow.
Snowmobiles riding on a trail.
Old snowmobiles do not go fast.
Now snowmobiles can jump fast.
Old snowmobiles can not jump hi.
Snowmobiles can go 90 to 120.
Old snowmobiles are small.
A lot of snowmobiles go on trails.
This is a trail gromer, it makes the trail smooth.

4 Wheelers
4 wheelers can go in water.
4 wheelers can go on ice.
4 wheelers can go in sand.
4 wheelers can go fast.
4 wheelers can pull stuff.
4 wheelers can go in snow.
4 wheelers can go through a lot.
4 wheelers are fun.
This 4 wheeler is in mud.

DOGS are sooooo cute :)
The dog is laying in the grass.
The dog is swimming and biting the stick.
The dog is stndaing on a mountain.
Sam and Kyle left his dogs in the car.
The dogs owner is throwing the ball to the dog.
This dog made her owner nine dollers at the fair.
Betty and Phil are walking down the street in a hot dog costume.
Splash is jumping in the pool.
Milton and Lil are hunrgy on a hill.
Frank is scared of the swing.

Butterflies Flutter By
Butterflies Flutter By
All Butterflies start out as caterpillars.
Butterflies come in all colors and patterns.
This Butterfly is green.
This Butterfly has spots.
This is a green striped butterfly.
This Butterfly is rainbow colored.
This orange butterfly looks like the flower.
This butterfly looks like a zebra.
This is a Blue Morpho Butterfly.
Butterflies are fun to watch.

Friends of the Jungle
Friends of the Jungle
My friends and I play in the jungle all day.
We like to get lost and make a game finding our way!
There is so much to do and lots to see.
Here I am trying to hide in the leaves!
Thanks for coming along to play.
Come back again soon some day!

All About Ian
My name is Ian. I am 7 years old.
I love the Super Mario Brothers game.
This is Mario.
I like to eat blueberries.
My Mama Too's lives in Houston. I love to go see her.
I like to watch Spongebob Square Pants on TV. He is funny.
I love to draw in Ms. Taylor's class when I finish my work.
At home, I like to take rides on the Rhino with my dad.

Amelia Earhart by br
Amelia Earhart was a brave woman pilot.
She was born in Atchison, Kansas.
Amelia liked hunting for rats,
climbing trees,
and collecting bugs when she was a little kid.
Amelia Earhart was a brave woman pilot.
She dedicated her life so women can do whatever they want.

Disney Movie
The Rescuers is a movie about Madame Medusa,Rescue Aid Society, Orville, Snoops, Bernard, Bianca, and Chairmouse.
Bedknobs and Broomstickss is a movie about Professor Browne, Lion, Fish, Bear, and Bird.
Mary Poppins is a movie about Bert, Jane, Michael, Uncle Albert, Chim Chim Cheree, Fox, and Penguins. Spoonful of Sugar is a song.
The Sword In The Stone is a movie about Madam Mim, Archimedes, Kay, Sir Ector, King Arthur, Merlin, and Wart.
The Great Mouse Detective is a movie about Ratigan, Fidget, Dawson, Basil, Queen Jubilee, Felicia, and Olivia.
Lady And The Tramp is a movie about Jock, Trusty, Boris, Pedro, Jim Dear, and Darling.
The Rescuers Down Under is a movie about Rescue Aid Society, Bianca, Bernard, Wilbur, Cody, and Egale.
Robin Hood is a movie about Prince John, Maid Marian, Little John, Sir Hiss , and Sheriff Of Nottingham.

Movies
Robin Hood is a movie about Prince John, Sir Hiss, Maid Marian,and Lady Kluck.
The Flintstones is a movie about Fred, Barney, Wilma, Betty, Pebbles and Bamm Bamm.
The Great Mouse Detective is a movie about Ratigan, Fidget, Basil, Dawson, Felicia, and Flaversham.
Lady And The tramp is a movie about Jock, Trusty, Jim Dear, Darling, Pedro, and Boris.
The Sword In The Stone is a movie about Madam Mim, Archimedes, Merlin, Wart, Sir Ector, and Kay.
The Aristocats is a movie about Duchess, Madame, Scat, Cat, Thomas Omalley, Edgar, the 3 kittens, and Roquefort.
The Jungle Book is a movie about Buzzie, Flaps, Dizzie, Ziggy, Baloo, Mowgli,and Bear Necessities Elephant King Louie.
The Lion King is a movie about Hyenas, Timon, and Pumbaa, Simba, Scar, a Stampede, Zazu, and Mufasa.

SHARKS
Our Book About Sharks.
There are over 440 different kinds of sharks.
Sharks are found in all the oceans of the world.
Sharks are predators and are on the top of the underwater food chain.
Being on top means you can eat anything you want.
Really. Anything you want.
Sometimes a small boat makes a good afteroon snack.
Oh my! Don't look behind you, dude!
Sharks usually don't like to eat people. We are not their normal food.
Sharks love sea food better.
Sharks need sharp teeth to survive.
Some sharks lose 30,000 teeth in their whole lifetime and get all new ones.
Sharks breath through their gills. Some sharks must keep moving all the time to stay alive.
Sharks are cool creatures.
We need to keep our oceans clean to help them survive. The End.

Adopting a Dog From the Shelter
Greg went to the animal shelter one day.
He decided to adopt a puppy.
He adopted an Australian Shepherd mix.
He decided to name her Lexi.
She is very smart.
She loves to play fetch in the field
and nap on the couch.
Greg is so happy to have Lexi in his life now!

Silly Animals
The brown cow has a big nose.
The dog is using the computer.
The little tiger is sad.
The black dogs are wearing sunglasses.
The gray koala is climbing the tree.
The lions are in love.
The black bears are shaking paws.
The squirrel's name is Joe.
The rabbit is wearing a striped shirt.
The puppy is watching the turtle.

Helping Hands
Firefighters help fight fires.
Police officers help fight crime.
Doctors help you feel better.
Nurses help you feel better too.
Teachers help you learn.
Cafeteria Workers help make the food.
Janitors help keep our school clean.
Friends help us everyday.

Strawberries are Yum!
Strawberries are Yum
Strawberries are red.
Strawberries have seeds and leaves.
Here are strawberries in boxes.
Wash the strawberries.
Put strawberries on cupcakes.
Put strawberries in yogurt.
Put strawberries on chocolate cake.
Strawberry smoothies.
Strawberry short cake.
Chocolate covered strawberries.
Strawberry ice cream.
Strawberries on fingers.
Yum, eat the strawberries.
Yum, Yum, Yum!

Lets Spell!
Lets spell our name!
E is for Egg!
M is for Mouse!
I is for Ice Cream!
L is for Love!
Y is for Yellow!
N is for Night!
O is for Ocean!
L is for Lemon
A is for Apple!
N is for Nose!

comparative adjectives - Alexa
femina alta
femina altior
femina altissima
bestia foeda
bestia foedior
bestia foedissima
fenestra parva
fenestra minor
fenestra minima
scelestus malus
scelestus peior
scelestus pessimus
magus bonus
magus melior
magus optimus
equus iuvenis
equus iunior
equus natu minimus

Latin Comparatives- Napoli
domus nequam
domus nequior
domus nequissima
miles bonus
miles melior
miles optimus
regio longa
regio ulterior
regio ultima
saeculum proximum
saeculum prius
saeculum primum
vir senex
vir senior
vir maximus natu
pirata malus
pirata peior
pirata pessima

Latin Comparitive Adjectives - Euler
superus sol
superior sol
supremus sol
remota arbor
ulterior arbor
ultima arbor
bonus cibus
melior cibus
optimus cibus
multi populi
plures populi
plurimi populi
parvus flos
minor flos
minimus flos
arduus mons
magis arduus mons
maxime arduus mons

Latin Comparitive Adjectives by Syed
canis parvus
canis minor
canis minimus
calceus malus
calceus peior
calceus pessimus
notatio bona
notatio melior
notatio optima
pecunia multa
pecunia plus
pecunia plurima
puer iuvenis
puer iuvenior
puer minimus natu
collis arduus
collis magis arduus
collis maxime arduus

A trip to the zoo
My family and I are going to the zoo.
The elephant has big ears.
The zebra is black and white.
The monkey is silly!
The giraffe has a long neck.
The rhino has a big horn.
The tiger has large teeth.
The lion has a big mane.
The panda bear is eating bamboo.
I love all the animals at the zoo!

THE BIG RACE
THE BIG RACE
Two monster trucks are ready to race!
Ready, set, go!
The blue monster truck jumps over a truck.
The green monster truck bumps into a lift truck.
The blue monster truck hits a construction truck!
The police truck and fire truck come to help!
The fire truck blows out the fire.
The police arrests the blue monster truck.
The green monster truck wins the race!

Summertime
The reasons why I love summertime.
I love it because I get to go to the beach with my family.
I love it because it is hot outside.
I love it because there is no school.
I love it because I get to hang out with my friends.
I love this season because my mom and I plant vegetables in our garden.
I love summer because all of the flowers grow and are beautiful.
Summertime is my favorite season for all of these reasons.

Personal Safety
It's important to know how to keep yourself safe.
Fire and bad accidents are both emergencies.
Can you point to the picture of emergency?
When there is an emergency you should use the phone to call 911.
Can you point to the phone?
If you use the computer be safety smart.
Don't meet anyone you talk to on the internet if you don't know them.
Can you point to the computer?
Keep your money in a safe place.
Can you point to the money?
A wallet is a safe place to keep your money.
Can you point to the wallet?
It is important to know how to stay safe.

More Number 8
This is the number 8.
Here are 8 beautiful roses.
Can you point to the number 8?
Here are 8 pine cones that were under the tree.
Can you point to the number 8?
Here are 8 hats they will keep the sun out of our eyes.
Can you point to the number 8?
Here are 8 books we can read.
Can you point to the number 8?
Here are 8 stamps to put on your letters.
Can you point to the number 8?
Here are 8 black dots made into a square.
Can you point to the number 8?
This is the number 8.

My Cow Family
Howdy Neighbors!
This is my mom.
My friend Maddie.
This is me looking in the camera.
Check out the new calf. Is it supposed to be pink?
Look at the oreo crowd. They think they're so cool.
Will you turn around I'm taking a bath?
Now that's a good looking cow.
I've had a busy day, it's nap time.
Stay away from these old girls. They're a bunch of gossips.
No,No not the licking again. AAAggghh!
Did I get a letter from Elsie yet? I'm her biggest fan.
Isn't she the cutest thing you ever saw?
Why is everyone staring at me? You'd think they'd never seen me before.
Congratulations Millie, you have a real pretty one there.

A World of Numbers
Let's find numbers in the world around us!
1 There is one tree in the field.
2 There are two shadows on the wall.
3 Three puppies are coming down the walk.
4 Four friends are hanging out.
5 Five people play ball on the beach.
6 Six little snacks are ready to eat!
7 Seven little ducklings snuggle together.
8 A spider has eight legs.
9 Nine hay bales are in the field.
10 Ten balloons in the sky... Good bye!

When I Close My Eyes
When I close my eyes,
I am an astronaut,
walking on the moon.
I am a musician,
playing the bassoon.
I am a lion,
king of the jungle.
I am my teddy,
something soft to cuddle.
I am a bird,
soaring through the sky.
I am a baker,
making a delicious apple pie.
When I close my eyes,
the world is my prize.

Mom
M is for marvelous.
O is for outstanding.
M is for magnificent.
The End

Fruit of all Colors
Fruit comes in many colors.
Apples can be green.
Oranges are orange.
Bananas are yellow.
Watermelon is pink inside.
Strawberries are red.
Grapes are purple.

It's Alright to Kiss a Fish
It's alright to kiss a fish...
If that fish has a wish to be kissed.
Some fish may wish a kiss.
Some may want to be alone in their dish.
It's alright to kiss a horse,
If that horse doesn't mind, of course.
But if a kiss he will not have..
the bite you get may make you sad.
It's alright to kiss a pig,
If a kiss is that pig's gig!
Some pigs may want a kiss on their snout.
Some may want to just lie about.
It's alright to kiss a cat,
If the cat likes things like that!
Some cats may like a kiss for fun,
But there are cats.....
...who would turn and run
It's alright to kiss a frog,
If he's a prince and...
and tired of bogs.
But if a frog he really is...
...a fly he wants to be his!
It's alright to kiss a fish...
a horse..
a pig, if that's your wish.
It's alright to kiss a cat...
...a frog,
a rhino, yes even that!
It's alright to kiss it's true,
but it depends upon when and who.
You can kiss your sister ....
or your mother.
sometimes your dad...
...and brother.
You cannot kiss just anyone.
For some it is not always fun.
Kissing people at work at school...
Those are NO KISS ZONES,
 and that's the rule!

Mackenzie's March break
On the March break by Mackehzie
I ate tacos.
I went to Chuck E. Cheese.
I saw Rango.
I saw Grandma.
I saw Grandpa too.
I ate hot dogs.
I ate ice cream too.
I played with my dollhouse.
I like to play my clarinet too.
I like to play my guitar.

Animal Characteristics
An insect has six legs.
Mammals are born alive.
Birds are warm blooded.
Fish breathe through gills.
An insect has a hard body covering called a thorax. It does not have a backbone.
Beaks are used to peck fish, frogs, and seeds.

Luke's Very Angry Day!
Luke is growling like a monster!
Luke feels like an angry monster!
Eating Raisin Bran makes you unhappy because it's gross.
Eating Honey Smacks make you happy because it's wonderful.
And healthy food makes us happy!
I love Oranges, they are a healthy fruit.
The End!

I Love Puppies!
I Love how puppies smell!
Puppies love to chew on things.
They love to play with other dogs.
Some people like to dress their puppies up.
Puppies are nice.
But sometimes they can get into trouble!
Puppies love to run.
Sometimes they get to go on car rides.
I love puppies!

Kimbo Slice
Kimbo Slice goes to the Ultimate Fighter.
Kimbo shadow boxes for his fight against ray mercer.
Kimbo is ready to fight.
Kimbo gets Ray Mercer in a rear naked choke.
Kimbo wins the title.
Kimbo gets a new sponsor.

Best Friends Forever
Best Friends Forever
"This is our mom and dad," said Fluffer.
"This is our toy," said Snowball.
"These are our friends," said Fluffer.
"This is our pool," said Snowball.

The Walders
"Hi my name is Wobles," Wobles said.
Annie said, Hi to Wobles.
The Captin said "Good job Boys."
Boomer said "Hi to the Captin."
Cuttie said,"Hi to her hole Family."

Cheetah by Andrew & Hunter
The Hungry Cheetahs
"The cheetah was mad at another animal," roared the cheetah.
"The cheetah is looking for dinner," said Hunter.
"The cheetah caught a bird," said AJ.
"The cheetahs are in a huddle," said Ray.
"The cheetah is tired," said Danny.
"The cheetah is walking down the path," said Nate.
"The two cheetahs are lying down," said Jesse.

Turtles by Nate and Jesse
Turtles
"Hello my name is Kim." This is my bother, said Kim.
"This is my family," said Kim.
Kim replied,"My home is a sea."
"I'm a snapping turtle," added Kim.
"These are my school friends," said Kim.
"This is a picture of me when I got older," said Kim.
"I have been alive 150 years," Kim replied.
The End.

Zach and Cole - Mountain Lion
Mountain Lion
"This is a baby mountain lion on a log," said Zach.
"Here is his mom and dad," said Cole.
"He is wondeering what is going on," added Zach.
"This mountain lion is runing after a deer," said Cole.
"This mountain lion is laughing," said Zach.

Penguins by Haily & Amp; Patience
ALL ALONE
"I'm sad," said Mr. Penguin.
"Now I'm happy!" said Mr. Penguin.
"Now we're a happy family!" said Mr. & Mrs. Penguin.
"Now there are three of us," said Mr. Penguin.
Mrs. Penguin said, "This is my family."

Summer Vacation
"School is out," said Emma.
"What are we going to do?" Asked Bethany.
"We can go to the beach," suggested Emma.
"Or we could go to the park," added Bethany.
"Let's go to the beach," said Emma.
"I agree," said Bethany.
"Let's build a sand castle," said Emma.
"I want to go swimming," said Bethany.
"Let's go home," said Emma.
"School is back," Bethany said sadly.

Balto
"I wish I could come back to life". Balto said.
"Why!"Balto cryed.
"Well I'm still a spirit" said Balto.
"And people can see me" said Balto.
"But I'm still sad" said Balto sadly.
THE END.

I Love Legos
I love legos.
"I like to play with legos,"said James.
"I also like to build with legos,"said Andrew.
"I play wars with them too,"said James.
"I like to play with legos so much,"said Andrew.
"I love to play with lego star wars,"said James.
"The End,"said Andrew.

Sharks
Carlos said,"That shark is going to eat those fish."
Ryan said," This shark is planing a sneak attack on the fish."
Carlos said,"That's a killer shark."
Ryan said," Those sharks look like they see a big and long fish."
Carlos said,"I hope that man will not get bit."
Ryan said," That shark is having a peacful day in the water."
Carlos said,"That man is cleaning that shark."
Carlos said,"That shark is hungry."
Ryan said," I think that shark is having a fast day."

PENGUINS FOR ALL
Coral said,"Penguins are sliding on the ice"
Amber said,"Here come more penguins sliding on ice."
Coral said,"I see baby penguins."
Amber said,"The babys are playing with each other."
Coral said,"Moma penguins came back with food."
Amber said,"Baby penguins came to moma to eat."
Coral said,"Moma has no more food."
Amber said," The babys are full so they went back to play."

My Holiday to the USA
When I flew over Las Vegas at night, it was amazing.
I stayed next to the fake eiffel tower in Las Vegas.
There were lots of Elvis impersonators in Las Vegas.
There was a huge M and M factory in Las Vegas and I ate lots of them.
I went to the Coca Cola factory and I went in a glass lift.
I went to Circus Circus and they had heaps of rides inside the building.

The Moon
The moon spins around. It takes 28 days.
Sometimes the moon looks bright and orange.
The moon's night is very cold and its day is very hot.
There is no water on the moon and so there is no life.
In 1969 man first landed on the moon. They travelled in a Saturn rocket.
The eclipse is really quite beautiful.
We see a full moon when we can se all of the lit side of the moon.

Saying Goodbye
Saying goodbye.
Sometimes we have to say goodbye to people we love.
Saying goodbye can be hard and make me sad.
It is okay to be sad.
I know that I am sad because I love that person.
It is important to try and be friendly when saying goodbye.
Being friendly means having a smile and saying nice things.
When I am friendly, the other person feels happy and knows that I care.
To help me be friendly I can remind myself that this person will be going somewhere better.
It makes everyone happy when I try to be friendly when I say goodbye.

Pond Life
Pond Life
Ducks live at the pond.
Frogs live at the pond.
Bugs live at the pond.
Turtles live at the pond.
Do boys live at the pond?
No, boys live in a house.
What are some things you see at the pond?

Flowers in the Spring
Flowers bloom in the Spring.
Flowers grow in open fields!
Insects receive food from flowers!
Bees collect pollen from flowers.
Butterflies land on flowers!
Some flowers are pink.

Let's Talk
What I do when talking with friends.
I do look my friend in the eye!
I do speak clearly.
I sometimes use my hands.
I do not use mean words.
I do not get too close.
I do not shout!
I love talking with all my friends!

Ice Hockey
Ice hockey is played on an ice rink.
Hockey players wear ice skates.
Ice hockey is played with hockey sticks.
Ice hockey is played with a small, black puck.
The puck is hit with the hockey sticks.
Hockey players hit the puck into a net.

The Rainforests
Rainforests
Rainforests are tall, dense jungles.
They are called "rainforests" because of the high amount of rainfall every year.
Rainforests have four layers.
The first layer is the forest floor.
It is dark on the forest floor and few plants grow here.
The second layer is called the understory.
The understory has more sunlight but plants don't grow as tall.
The third layer is called the canopy.
Most plants and animals live in the canopy because of food and sunlight.
The fourth layer is the emergent layer.
The emergent layer has trees that are much taller than those in the canopy layer.
Many types of animals live in the rainforest.
From tiny insects...
to colorful birds...
to large mammals.

Scrapbooking
Scrapbooking is fun.
First, choose your photos.
Choose the background paper.
Choose the trimmer you want to use.
Trim your photos.
Choose the mat paper.
Choose the glue or tape you want to use.
Glue the photos to the mat paper.
Glue the photos to the background paper.
Choose some fun decorations.
Glue decorations around photos.
Choose a title.
Glue the title to the background paper.
Choose markers to write your story.
You did it! Your pages are finished.

I Like...
I like swimming.
I like canoeing.
I like fishing.
I like my cat.
I like computers.
I like Tar Heel Reader books.
I like going to the movies.
I like bowling.
I like eating out.
I like hamburgers and fries.
I like fruits and vegetables.
I like ice cream.
I like working. I work hard.

Victor Wants to Play Basketball.
Victor loves basketball.
But Victor doesn’t know how to slam dunk a basketball.
He will learn how to dribble the ball and jump high.
He believes with lots of practice he will be able to dunk a basketball in the future.
He also thinks it would help if he grew a bit taller.
The End

The World of Sports
Sports are a great way to have fun while getting into shape.
Some sports include running.
Other includes horse back riding.
Some sports you can do outside.
Other sports have to be done inside.
Sports have been around for a long time and continue to be a fun way to stay in shape.

Invertebrate Life Cycles
Invertebrates have life cycles.
Some invertebrates have a "metamorphasis" or big change in appearance.
Some invertebrates look just like small versions of adults.
This is a beehive. The queen lays eggs. The eggs hatch into larvae. Larvae turn into pupas. Pupas turn into adults.
Eggs hatch into caterpillars. Caterpillars grow and make a chrysalis. Then they turn into butterflies.
Ladybugs lay eggs. Eggs hatch into larva. Larva grow into pupa. Pupa turn into ladybugs.
Spiders lay eggs. Baby spiders hatch and are called spiderlings. They look like tiny adult spiders.

LEARNED HELPLESSNESS
Helplessness (LH)is a behavioral condition, not a disorder.
It is characterized by apathy, lack of motivation and helplessness.
LH sufferers stop trying to cope with their perceived loss of control.
There is a consistent theme with learned helplessness.
Symptoms of LH can overlap with depression.
Without intervention, Learned Helplessness can impair learning.
If LH students' needs are ignored, there is a risk that they will disrupt the entire class.
High incidences of LH have been found among the homeless.
LH is significantly higher in teenage girls.
Because learned helplessness is a learned behavior it can be "unlearned."
Students with LH can usually be aided by competent teachers and sensitive parents.
Help LH students by creating a highly engaging atmosphere.
LH can be prevented and reversed by empowering students.
Never give up hope because as soon as you do, they will too.

Sebby's March Break
On the March break.
I played with my toys.
I ate pizza.
I played Harry Potter.
I went to the toy store.

Spring
I like spring.
I like flowers that come in spring.
I like the smell of them.
They are pretty.
I like humming birds.
I like birds.

What's for Supper?
What's for Supper?
I might eat pancakes with syrup.
I might eat sausage.
I might eat bacon.
Sometimes I eat kielbasa with mustard.
Sometimes I eat meatloaf.
I like mashed potatoes with gravy.
Sometimes I eat stuffing.
I like to drink water in a bottle.
I might eat chicken.
I really like chicken noodle soup.
I like mustard on my hotdog.
Sometimes I eat french toast sticks with syrup.
I might eat Spaghetti O's.
I might eat french fries with ketchup.
I really like to eat noodles.
Sometimes I eat spaghetti and meatballs.
I might eat a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
I can't wait to eat supper tonight!

Red Spots
Hey! girls I can see myself.
Excuse Me! That was my spot.
This is worse than going to the mall at Christmas time.
Yellow has always been my favorite color.
When is this road going to end? I'm going to be late for tea.
I hope this isn't one of those bug eating plants. That would really make this a bad day.
Mommy I'm tired can you give me a ride home?
I love you mommy, I love you to sweet pea.

Baseball
It's a new season and we're playing at our favorite field.
The hot dog man was out.
We took a step on to the field...
then the umpire said "play ball!"
I was up to bat.
I hit a home run, and we won the game.

Kaitlyn's Chinchilla
A girl named Kaitlyn loved chinchillas so her mom got her a chinchilla.
His name was Fred.
Fred was really good at sleeping.
Kaitlyn's mom got Fred a cage so he didn't have to sleep in a box.
Kaitlyn picked out a toy for Fred.
They were best friends forever!

Rey the Receiver
Rey loves football.
But Rey can’t catch the ball very well.
When the ball is thrown to Rey it hits his hands and falls to the ground.
Rey believes that with lots of practice he will be able to catch the football.
This will help him to be good at football.
The End

Ben the FIREMAN!
Ben loves fire trucks.
When he grows up he wants to be a fireman.
Ben really likes firemen helmets.
Also, he likes their uniforms.
However, Ben is too young to be a fireman right now.
Until he is old enough Ben will practice rescuing his friends.
The End.

Ben Owl and Basketball
Ben Owl and Basketball
Ben Owl plays basketball at night because it is fun.
Ben Owl is done playing basketball when the sun comes up.
When Ben Owl is DONE he goes home to his nest.
When Ben Owl gets home he goes to sleep.
He will dream about a place FAR, FAR away.
It is a place he has BEEN before.
He dreams about the desert and his friend Sam Owl.
In his dream Sam Owl CLEANS his basketball.
In his sleep Ben owl smiles because...
he LOVES basketballs!

Spring
I love spring.
Spring means the start of a new baseball season.
The days get longer and nights get shorter.
Family fun times happen oustide and we cook often on a barbeque.
I remember fun times catching frogs and toads with my brother, in spring.
Also, I love taking long walks in the rain with my family.
Spring flowers bloom beautifully.
Soon spring days will change into summer fun, with the excitement of fun and warmth. I love spring.

Ryan's March break
On the March break by Ryan.
I went to the mall.
I saw a tortoise.
I saw prairie dogs too.
I ate the chicken.
I ate oranges.
I had pop for a drink.
I played with Logan.

krith toe
Hello there!
His name is Pico.
Pico jumps
Pico rocks.
Pico is a super dog.
Pico eats fish.
Pico finds danger.
Ready to launch in 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1.
Our hero needs to save the world.

I Need a Haircut
Mommy and Daddy say it is time for me to get a hair cut.
They use clippers to cut my hair.
I dont like the clippers because they make a loud noise.
I get upset and cry when I have to get my hair cut.
But I need to remember that the clippers will not hurt me.
And Daddy is very gentle when he cuts my hair.
Mommy holds me to keep me safe and calm.
So everything is going to be fine.
And I will look nice with my new hair cut.

The Footy!
They are ready to play.
Here is the oval.
He is having a stretch.
They are playing.
The other team has the football.
They are throwing the ball.
They are playing in the mud.
They are pulling his pants.
They are trying to catch the ball.
He wants his team to win!

Brushing Your Teeth
Brushing Your Teeth.
It is time for bed.
Before bed you need to brush your teeth.
Run your brush under the water.
Put toothpaste on your brush.
Brush your teeth in all directions.
Spit into the sink.
Rinse your toothbrush.
Now you are ready to go to sleep!

Silly Lamps
The lamp sits.
No! No! The lamp falls.
The boy lamp sits.
The boy lamp runs.
The lamp jumps.
The lamp jumps the ball.
The dog lamp sits.
The dog sits. No! No! The lamp falls.
The dog sits.
The lamp dog sits.

Today is Your Birthday
On this day you were born.
Your birthday is on.
We will sing "Happy Birthday to You" and blow out the candles.
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear... Happy birthday to you.
You will blow out the candles!
You will cut the cake, and give the pieces to your friends.
You will unwrap your gifts.
You will play musical chairs with your friends.
We will all clean up the mess from the party.
Your birthday was a great day. Happy birthday!

Four Seasons
There are four seasons.
The season of spring brings lots of rain.
The weather becomes warmer in spring.
Next comes summer with lots of pretty flowers.
People like to play outside in the warm summer weather.
After summer, comes fall.
Leaves change colors and begin to come off the trees.
The last season is winter.
Winter is cold and snowy.

Landforms!
Landforms are all over the world.
An island is a piece of land with water all around it.
A mountain is high land.
A river is a flowing body of water.
Plains are flat land.
A valley is low land between mountains or hills.
A lake is a body of water with land all around it..
A peninsula has water on 3 sides.
Hills are high land, but not as high as mountains.
Oceans are the biggest bodies of water.

The BIG THREE
There were two good guys and a Russian who helped win World War 2.
Winston Churchill helped win World War 2.
Winston Churchill is from England.
He was a good leader.
Winston Churchill wanted peace.
Joseph Stalin was from Russia.
Joseph Stalin was a dictator.
Joseph Stalin helped win World War 2.
Franklin Roosevelt was the 32nd president of the United States.
Franklin Roosevelt helped people get jobs.
Franklin Roosevelt also helped win World War 2.
Franklin Roosevelt was in a wheelchair.
Franklin Roosevelt was a good leader.
These men were called THE BIG THREE of World War 2.
Written by Kelsey, Spencer, Marcus, Chris, Austin, Drew, John, Zach, A.J. S, and T.J.

I Love Dogs
I like to swing.
I like to go to the pool.
I like to get tucked in.
THE END
by DAMIEN

Skeletons are Cool
Skeletons are bones inside our bodies.
Birds have skeletons.
Lego skeletons are awesome.
Fish have skeletons. This one is big!
This is a badger skeleton.
Skeletons are cool!

More Runs, Sits, Jumps, Walks
Who runs? The dog runs.
Who runs? The boy runs the dog.
Who sits? The dog sits.
Who jumps? The dog jumps. No! No!
Who jumps? The boy jumps the dog.
Who jumps? The dog jumps the girl. No! No!
Who walks? The girl walks the dog.
Who walks the boy? The mom walks the boy!

2-4 yejin. Set a Good Goal
Let's see how to set a good goal and reach it.
1. Set clear goals.
Say, "I will be better by listening to English songs every day."
2. Use your time better.
Say, "I will finish studying English first. Then I will play."
3.Set easier goals.
Say, "I will study English one hour every day."
4. Break down your goals.
Say, "I will learn 10 words every day."
If you break down your goal, it will become easier.
Thank you.

Rockets
The rocket is flying.
This rocket is broken.
These rockets are taking off.
These rockets are taking off.
The rocket is flying.
This rocket is taking off.
This rocket is red.
I like rockets!

Cartoon
The Banana Splits is a show about Fleagle, Bingo, Drooper, and Snork.
Tom And Jerry is a show about a cat named Tom and a mouse named Jerry.
The Sword In The Stone is a movie about Madam Mim. Higitus Figitus is a song.
Hokey the Wolf is a show about a cattle stampede. There is a record player and a boy wolf.
Scooby Doo is a show about Redbeard the Pirate, Uncle Stuart, Ghost Clown, Mr John Simms, and Headless Specter.
In Blockbuster we can get movies.
Robin Hood is a movie about fox, Little John, Sir Hiss, Prince John and Frair Tuck.
Lady and The Tramp is a movie about Jim Dear, Jock, Pedro, Boris, and Peg. Hes A Tramp is a song. Bella Notte is also a song.

I Words
I love the letter I.
I starts words like iguana,
igloo,
insect,
itchy, and
ice cream.
I love the letter I!

Luca & Max's Adventure
Luca and Max went on an adventure.
They walked...through the tunnel.
Under the bridge.
In between the trains.
Over the hill.
Around the truck.
Next to the race car.
They came to a forest. They heard something in the bushes...
So Max and Luca ran...
Next to the race car.
Around the truck.
Over the hill.
In between the trains.
Under the bridge.
Through the tunnel...
And arrived safely home.

Food at the School
There are many foods to eat at school. What is this?
MMM, are you hungry?
Is this a food?
What is this? Does it rhyme with goat?
My favorite!
Do you like strawberries?
I don't.
Pizza!

Indiana Jones 1st Grade
The Adventures of Indiana Jones!
My name is Indiana Jones. My friends call me Indy. Did you know there is lost treasure all over the world?
I look all over the world for lost treasure.
I go all over, but I never forget my hat.
When your looking for treasure you have to be ready for anything. Looking for treasure can be scary.
I have to be ready for traps. How am I going to get out of here?
I have to be ready for snakes. I hate snakes!
I have to be ready for scary animals. I think I can out run it.
I have to be ready for all sorts of bad guys. Have I seen you guys in a movie before?
I have to be ready for anything!
Treasure is hard to find.
In the end, I always find my treasure.
I grab the treasure and I make my get away.

My School Day
I take the yellow bus to school.
When I get to school, I get my books.
I join my class to learn new things.
After class I go to the cafeteria to eat lunch.
Next, I get to play at gym class.
When my school day is over I go home!

Australia a Great Place to Live
Beautiful Cities
The sun is warm.
The water is clean.
The trees are green.
The river flows.
We have over 200 years of history.
We have special animals.

Summertime
This story is about some of the things I want to do this summer.
Swim in my backyard pool.
I would like to go fishing with my Dad.
I always go to the gym at daycare.
Perhaps one day I will help Grandpa make dinner. My favourite is rice!
I go bowling with my Mom.
Hopefully I will see a turtle monster truck at the monster jam stadium!
I play at the playground with friends.
My Dad lives near a mini putt course, so perhaps we can mini golf there!
Looks like there is a lot to do this summer! THE END

I Love Dogs
I love dogs.
Dogs love cars.
Dogs are good friends.
Dogs are playful.
Dogs are heroic.
Dogs are loving.
Man's best friend.

This is How
This is how I play with friends.
This is how I sit.
This is how I chase birds.
This is how I jump.
This is how I run around.
This is how I swim.
This is how I look surprised.
This is how I look when grim.
This is how I kiss my mom.
This is how I see.
This is how I look at books.
This is how I take a bath.

Balto
Balto
Alaska
The dogs are ready to leave Anchorage!
The only way to travel is by sled.
Racing through the night!
The team keeps going!
Almost there!
Nome Alaska!

Balto By Kendra
Balto
Alaska
The dogs are ready to go!
The only way to travel is by sled.
Racing through the night!
The team keeps going!
Almost there!
Nome Alaska!

We Like Food
We Like Food!
Dejon likes fruit salad.
Jalisa likes pizza.
Sheng likes chicken.
Ayanle likes cookies.
Andrea likes hot dogs.
Leah likes chocolate milk.

Swimming
Swimming is fun!
When you are under water, hold your breath!
You can wear goggles and a swim cap.
Always make sure there is an adult or lifeguard when you swim!
Some pools are inside.
Some pools are outside.
You can even swim in the lake!
You can swim underwater.
You can swim above the water.
Sometimes water gets in your face.
You can float.
You can do the backstroke.
You can do the crawl stroke.
You can do the breaststroke.
You can do the butterfly stroke.
You can dive.
You can exercise in the water.
You can swim with friends.
It's fun to swim!

Amelia Earhart
Amelia was born on July 24, 1897 in Atchison, Kansas.
She had a sister who was 2 years younger.
When Amelia was growing up, girls did not play sports, wear pants,
have short hair, or plan to have careers.
Amelia did all of those things.
When Amelia was 7, she got a boy's sled for Christmas, instead of a girl's sled like this.
She almost crashed into a horse and cart but since she had a boy's sled she was able to steer it under the horse!
Amelia moved to live in Des Moines, Iowa when she was 10.
When she was 11, she saw her first plane at the Iowa State Fair.
In 1916, Amelia moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
She started a scrapbook about women who achieved firsts.
In 1920, she moved to California.
Amelia liked to go to air shows where pilots did tricks in their planes.
She took her first plane ride in 1920, when she was 23 years old.
Amelia took flying lessons from a woman pilot and learned engine repair.
She got her pilot's license when she was 25 years old.
Amelia got her first airplane for her birthday. It was yellow and she named it Canary.
Her parents got a divorce and she moved to Massachusetts in 1924.
Amelia sold Canary to buy a yellow sports car and named it the Yellow Peril.
In 1926, she started working as a social worker in Boston.
She was the first woman to fly across the Atlantic Ocean in 1928.
The plane was named Friendship and had pontoons on it so it could land in water.
President Calvin Coolidge honored her and the two other men who traveled with her.
In 1930, Amelia set the women's speed record by going 181.18 miles per hour.
She married George Putnam in 1931.
In 1932, Amelia became the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean.
She received the National Geographic Society's gold medal from President Herbert Hoover.
In 1935, she was the first person to fly from Honolulu, Hawaii to Oakland, California.
Also from Los Angeles, California to Mexico City, Mexico.
And she was the first to make a non-stop flight from Mexico City, Mexico to Newark, New Jersey.
In 1937, Amelia attempted to fly around the world with Fred Noonan.
They disappeared after completing two-thirds of their trip.
No one really knows what happened, but they were never found.

I Love Animals!
The hamster is crawling through a hole.
The cat is so cute.
The horse is running so fast.
The baby lamb is looking at me.
The cat is playing hide and go seek.
This cat is funny.
This cat is saying give me a treat.
The ducks are swimming.
The cats are so cute.
The Koala is sleeping. It is so cute.

The Track Stars
Usain Bolt is the fastest man in the world.
This runner is sprinting.
This runner is in first place.
He can run longer.
They're almost done.
Crossing the finish line.

Where in the World
I use my senses to tell me where I am.
I hear a horn. I see the driver. I smell gas. I feel bumps in the road. Where am I?
I hear teachers talking. I see students. I smell apples and popcorn. I feel desks. Where am I?
I hear people whispering. I see books. I smell old paper. I feel the carpet. Where am I?
I hear kids playing. I see swings. I smell cut grass. I feel hot metal and plastic. Where am I?
I hear the TV. I see my dresser. I smell dirty clothes. I feel my comfy bed. Where am I?
I hear plates banging. I see an oven. I smell muffins baking. I feel smooth eggs. Where am I?
I hear water running. I see a mirror. I smell soap. I feel soft towels. Where am I?
I hear people laughing. I see bathing suits. I smell sunscreen. I feel hot sun and cool water. Where am I?
I hear cows mooing. I see chickens pecking. I smell corn. I feel a dog's fur. Where am I?
I hear shopping carts rolling. I see lots of colorful food. I smell the yummy bakery. I feel the small toys. Where am I?
I hear balls rolling. I see 10 pins. I smell the shoes. I feel the heavy ball. Where am I?
I hear people talking. I see a menu of food. I smell burgers and fries. I feel a soft burger bun. Where am I?

funny cats
This cat is curious.
This cat is a baby.
This cat is playful.
This is a calico cat.
This cat enjoys being outside.
These cats are buddies.
This cat smells food.
This cat is mad.
I love cats.

Noelia's Colors
Popsicles are purple.
Pigs are pink.
Bears are brown.
Apples are red.
Buttons are blue.
Clouds are white.
Pumpkins are orange.
Ants are black.
Lemonade is yellow.
Frogs are green.

The Taco!
Tacos can be very different.
Tacos can have hard shells.
Tacos can have soft shells.
Tacos can have meat and vegetables.
Tacos can have cheese and sour cream.
Tacos are delicious!

Shapes
Shapes are all around us.
Circles are round. The moon is a circle.
A sand dollar is a circle.
Buttons are circles that come in many colors.
We eat some circles.
The tires on a bicycle are circles.
Squares have four sides. The four sides are all the same length.
Some pillows are squares.
Windows can be squares.
These potholders are squares.
Scrabble tiles are squares.
Rectangles have four sides. All four sides are not the same length.
The United States Flag is a rectangle.
Some signs are rectangles.
Cereal boxes are rectangles.
Doors are rectangles.
Triangles have three sides.
These windows are triangles.
The yield sign is a triangle.
The pizza is cut into triangles.
These flags are triangles.
There are many other shapes. Hexagons have six sides.
An octagon has eight sides.
Stars have five points.
Diamonds have four sides.
Ovals are egg-shaped.
Do you know what this shape is?

Spring: When the World Comes Alive!
Spring: When the World Comes Alive!
Spring is the most beautiful time of the year.
Flowers begin to bloom.
Bears come out of hibernation.
The world suddenly becomes green!
Baby animals are born.
Insects begin to buzz.
Rain falls gently on the green plants...
...And sometimes you can see rainbows after the rain!
You can finally play outside in the warmer weather.
School is almost over.
Spring is the most wonderful time of the year!

Living Things Need?
All living things need
sunlight,
water,
air,
and food.

Helping Vehicles
Fire engines help fire fighters to put out fires at homes and businesses.
If you get hurt or are really sick, and ambulance can take you to the hospital.
If you have an accident, you need help from an ambulance and a tow truck.
This tow truck can take your vehicle to the auto shop to fix it.
We need garbage trucks to pick up our garbage.
Police cars are driven by policemen. When you hear the siren, you know they are hard at work!
Snow plows help to clear our roads so they will be safe to drive on.
When you use electricity, the power company sends out the electric truck to help fix the power lines.

Sweets Glorious Sweets!!
What is your favorite time of the year? And, what do you like to eat duirng that time of the year?
My favorite time of the year is Christmas because I get to eat bumpy cake - Marcus.
My favorite time of the year is my birthday because I get to eat lemington cakes - Mr. Turner.
My favorite time of the year is Fall because I like to eat chocolate chip cookies - Mike.
My favorite time of the year is my birthday because I get to eat my Detroit Lions cake - Cory.
My favorite time of the year is fall because I get to eat doughnuts - Anthony.
My favorite time of the year is summer because I get to eat potato skins - Joey.
Mt favorite time of the year is my birthday because I get to eat my colorful birthday cake - Mary.
My favorite time of the year is November because I get to eat apple pie - Selina.
My favorite time of the year is Fall because I get to eat doughnuts and drink cider - Mr. Brendan.
My favorite time of the year is summer because I get to eat strawberry shortcake - Mrs. Aronoff.
After we eat our favorite baked goods, we are overcome with laughter and joy.

Favorite movies
Toy Story is a movie about buzz lightyear and woody. Sid is a villain.
The Lion King is a movie about Timon and Pumbaa. Scar is a villain.
The Rescuers is a movie about Bernard and Bianca. Madame Medusa is a villain. Rescue Aid Society has Chairmouse.
The Great Mouse Detective is a movie about Dr Dawson. Ratigan is a villain.
Robin Hood is a movie about Frair Tuck. Prince John is a villain.
Bedknobs And Broomsticks is a movie about Professor Browne,Cat, Lion, Bear, and Fish.
The Sword in The Stone is a movie about Merlin. Madam Mim is a villain.
Lady and the Tramp is a movie about Jock Trusty and Lady.

Green Eggs
Green Eggs
Sam said the eggs were yucky!
He didn't eat them with a mouse.
He didn't eat them with a fox.
He wouldn't eat them on a train.
He wouldn't eat them with a goat.
He wouldn't eat them on a boat.
He tried green eggs and ham and said that they were yummy!

How to Set a Good Goal-정재서
How to set a good goal.
Hello, my name is 정재서.
If you often give up your goals, Then you are not setting the right goals.
I will give you three tips to set a good goal.
First, set clear goals to reach it easier.
Second, use your time better.
Third, set easier goals that you can do.
Lastly, break down your goals.
Thank you for listenning.
Bye bye.

HOW TO SET A GOOD GOALS.- 20201고윤아
How to set a good goal.
People set goals but often give them up because they are not setting the right goals.
There are four tips to set a good goal and reach it.
First, set clear goals.
Specify what you'd like to achieve and how you can do it.
Second, use your time better.
Do what you have to do first, and then do what you want to do.
Third, instead of difficult goals, set easier goals.
Fourth, break down your goals.
If you break down your goals, it will be easier to reach them.

SPRING!
S - Spectacular flowers blooming everywhere!
P - Playing outdoors on swings and playgrounds!
R - Rain falling to water the grass and help it turn green.
I - Ideas of summer vacation flowing through my mind.
N - Nightfall coming a bit later, giving us longer days!
G - Going to the pond for a long kayak ride! SPRING!

How to Set a Good Goal(20210/이지영)
Do you set a goals but often give up?
Let's see how to set a good goal and reach it.
Set clear Goals.
Say "I will be better by listening to English songs every day."
Use your time better.
Say,"I will finish studying English first." Then I will play.
Set easier goals.
Say,"I will study English one hour every day."
Break down your goals.
If you break down your goal,it will become easier.

How to Set a Good Goal-20114Yumi Lee
Have you ever reached your goal once?
I have set many goals but failed many times, what about you?
So, I want to tell you, there are four ways to set a good goal.
Firstly, you should set clear goals.
For example 'I will lose weight by jogging everyday.'
Secondly, you should use your time better.
For example 'I will do my homework first when I get home.'
Thirdly, you should set easier goals.
For example 'I will solve fifteen math problems per day.'
Lastly, you should break down your goals.
For example 'I will memorize five english words in the morning and then memorize five more english words in the evening.'

Running
The horse is running.
The dog is running.
The boy is running.
The woman is running.
The giraffe is running.
The cheetah is running.
The cat is running.
The squirrel is running.

Let's Get Ready to Move
Moving day has come. It's not the greatest memory you have ever had but it will be a good one.
You'll have to say goodbye to the city.
You'll have to say goodbye to your house.
You'll pack up all your stuff and put it in a van.
You'll even give hugs and kisses to your friends to say goodbye.
The new houses came, tears dripped down your eyes.
But once you move and once you unpack, you'll make some nice new friends.
Maybe you'll even have a big kitchen to make Monster Mayhem Cupcakes!

American Landmarks
Landmarks are symbols of our country. They can be buildings, monuments, or other structures built by men.
Landmarks can also be natural features of the land. Landmarks are recognized around the world.
Now look at some American landmarks. Have you visited any of them?
The White House is in Washington D.C. It is the president's home and workplace.
The Capitol Building is where our country's lawmakers work. It is also in Washington D.C.
The Empire State Building is in New York City. It used to be the tallest building in the world.
Independence Hall is in Philadelphia. The Declaration of Independence and the Constitution were written there.
The Liberty Bell hung in Independence Hall.
The Washington Monument honors George Washington, the first president.
The Lincoln Memorial honors Abraham Lincoln, the sixteenth president.
The Jefferson Memorial honors Thomas Jefferson, the third president and author of the Declaration of Independence.
The Statue of Liberty is in the New York Harbor. It was a gift from France.
The Gateway Arch is in St. Louis, Missouri. This monument honors the pioneers who traveled west.
Bridges and dams can be landmarks. The Golden Gate Bridge is in California.
The Hoover Dam is between Arizona and Nevada.
Landforms can be landmarks. Devils Tower is in Wyoming. It was named a national monument in 1906.
The Niagara Falls are on the Niagara River between New York state and Ontario, Canada.
The Grand Canyon is in Arizona.
The geyser Old Faithful is in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming.
Which landmark would you like to visit?

Dolphins
Dolphins are happy together.
The dolphins are swimming.
The dolphin has wings of water.
Dolphins are playing with each other.
Dolphins can do tricks.
They are hanging out together.
I love dolphins because they swim fast.
Dolphins are having fun some where out there.

Where's the Pumpkin?
The pumpkin is beside Jada.
The pumpkin is behind Michael.
The pumpkin is in front of Jada.
The pumpkin is on top of Damond!
The pumpkin is on top of Shanacia!
Now Jada has it again. The pumpkin is on top of Jada!

Learning About Jobs
People get jobs to earn money to buy the things they want and need.
They put the money they earn in the bank.
Can you point to the bank?
But how do we know what jobs we might want to try?
At school we learn about different kinds of jobs.
Can you point to the school?
The library at school has books about jobs.
Can you point to the school?
Can you point to the book?
We can read books about different kinds of jobs.
Can you point to the book?
We learn about jobs in a restaurant.
We could wash dishes at a restaurant.
Can you point to the restaurant?
We learn about jobs with animals.
We could feed the dogs at the animal shelter.
Can you point to the animal shelter?
We learn about jobs at school.

The Frogs Desiring a King.
There was a nation of frogs who happily lived in a swamp.
They love to watch the glowing water vapor at night.
But the calm and easy life was boring.
Rebit. Rebit. Rebit. They asked Jupiter to send them a frog king who will care for all.
Jupiter smiled down upon them.
Jupiter sent down a log from the heavans.
The Slpash scared the frogs at first.
Soon King Ligno was leaping around in joy.
The king was very kind, but he was lazy and had little athority.
A NEW LIFESTYLE WAS NEEDED.
Jupiter heard compliants. And became upset.
The king of thunder sent down Mercey.
Mercey sent down a huge stork.
The stork catchinbg sight of the frogs starting devoring everything in sight.
They try to prey to the gods for help, but it was altogether too late.
the end
Dont complain about the things the gods give you.

Summer Olympics
The Olympics
Many countries participate in the Olympics.
The Summer 2012 Olympics are in London England.
Swimming is a sport in the Summer Olympics.
Soccer will also be played.
Track and field will also be a sport.
All sport events are played in the stadium.
The winners receive medals.

Our Flowers
These pansies are yellow.
These pansies are purple.
These pansies are red.
These pansies are in pots.

Animal Facts/Animals Fables
Animal Facts/Animal Fables
FACT: Some elephants live in Africa.
FABLE: Elephants can fly.
FACT: Turtles have shells.
FABLE: Turtles can switch shells.
FACT: Lions eat meat.
FABLE: Lions talk like we do.
FACT: Dogs talk with their tails.
FABLE: Dogs swing.
FACT: Ostriches lay flat on the ground when they are scared.
FABLE: Ostriches put their heads in the sand.
FACT: Whales have lungs and tails.
FABLE: Whales eat people.
FACT: Tigers hunt for food.
FABLE: Tigers dance.
FACT: Monkeys can climb.
FABLE: Monkeys go to school.
FACT: A fox will eat a chicken.
FABLE: A fox will eat a person.
FACT: A cat likes to play.
FABLE: A cat has 9 lives.
FACT: A fish has fins.
FABLE: A fish can live on land.
Animal: Fact and Animal Fables!

Our Favorite Pets--
Our Favorite Pets
Ryan A. likes cats.
Ryan L. likes dogs.
Kyle likes cats.
Ryan Ca. likes fish.
Ryan Co. likes dogs.
Dion likes snakes.
Welberto likes fish.

Congratulations
Congratulations Miss Meghann!
I wish you a good luck and a happiness.
Let's celebrate your success!
Now you can look forward to your wedding day!

Money Around Town
People live and work in our town.
When people work they earn money to buy the things they want and need.
Can you point to the money?
People in our town buy food at the grocery store.
Sometimes people buy milk.
Can you point to the milk?
Some people buy chocolate milk.
Can you point to milk?
You need money to buy milk.
Can you point to the money?
People like to read books.
Can you point to the book?
People go to the book store to buy books.
Can you point to the book?
You need money to buy a book.
Can you point to the money?

Teeth Begins with "t"
This is the letter t.
I see her teeth.
Teeth begins with the letter t.
Can you point to the letter t?
Teachers help us learn new things.
Teacher begins with the letter t.
Can you point to the letter t?
Tacos taste good.
Taco begins with the letter t.
Can you point to the letter t?
This is the letter t.

Friendly Prince
Friendly Prince
She is the princess.
She lives in this house.
He is the prince,he loves to take pictures.
He is the baby prince, He loves his mom.
This prince loves animals. He loves to play with different things.
This princess looks happy, but she can get mad.
Prince, princess and some friends.
Prince town halls.
Princess town hall.
Friendly dog and bird.
This book is about friendly people.

Table Begins with "t"
This is the letter t.
We sit at a table to eat.
Table begins with the letter t.
Can you point to the letter t?
We use a telephone to call our friends.
Telephone begins with the letter t.
Can you point to the letter t?
People live and work in a town.
Town begins with the letter t.
Can you point to the letter t?
This is the letter t.

This Is Good
When April vacation comes, I'm going to ride a go-cart.
Then I will watch my brother ride a dirt bike.
Then I'm going to watch this...
...then this.
And play Gears of Wars...
... with a guinea pig!
Then play Halo Reach...
...with a guinea pig!
And eat pie because pie is good...
with a pet squirrel.
Play with my dog Sam...
and eat pie.
And run away from him.
But he will get me.
This guy will eat my food...
then invite some friends...
AND EAT MY PIE !!!!!

People in Our Town
People live and work in a town.
Can you point to the people?
People in our town get food at the grocery store.
Sometimes people buy bread. People need money to buy bread.
Can you point to the money?
People in our town go to the library.
Can you point to the people?
People work in our town.
Can you point to the people?
When people work they earn money.
Can you point to the money?
People put the money they earn in the bank.
Can you point to the money?

Piranha Beach
Piranha Beach by: Cristian & Jarred
In the summer of 2010,
The U.S. government sent in a special piranha fighting force
to fight piranha
on Piranha Beach.
The weather was stormy.
It made the ocean floor angry and red,
and the piranha became very hungry.
They ate all of the rats in the town of P-ville.
But they were still ravenous.
Their hunger made them red and fiery.
The people could see the scary piranha, and they were worried.
Then the piranha fighting force arrived at the beach.
They destroyed the Mother Leader.
Some people say the Goddess of the Sea helped them.
But the thing that killed the piranha was the lightening from the storm.
After the storm, the sun came out.
Then the people of P-ville had a big fish feast.
Goodbye, pirahnas!

Spring is Coming!
SPRING IS COMING!
Winter has been soooo long.
We drank LOTS of hot chocolate.
We made snowmen and played in the snow.
Now... the time has come for spring!
Rain is sometimes warm in the spring.
I love chocolate in the spring!
I love flowers growing in the grass.
Dogs run fast in the spring!
Spring is colorful!
Goodbye sad winter... hello Happy Spring!

Don Comes to Speech
Two times every week Don comes to speech at UNI with his mom and Andy.
First, Don washes his hands.
Don works hard and sits in his chair like a gentleman.
Don loves reading magezines.
Don does a good job recycling.
Don learns with Mr. Potato Head. He can show us his head, throat, stomach, ear, leg, arm and chest.
Don's mom is so proud when he works hard. Don gets to pick a reward!

Godzilla Unleashed
Godzilla dislikes other giant monsters.
Godzilla destroys buildings.
Godzilla is a mutant T-Rex.
Godzilla is 30 stories high.
Godzilla dislikes the other monster Gigan.
Godzilla is an old Japanese movie monster.
Godzilla is also a New York movie monster.
Godzilla lives on Monster Island.
Godzilla eats meat, cars and trains.
He destroys bridges, houses and skyscrapers.
Godzilla destroys anything that gets in his way.

Cat and Mouse
Once upon time there was a cat.
He found some mice trapped.Help! they pepped.
OK he meowed.
Thank you! pepped the daddy mouse .
Whatever, meowed the cat.
You're no better then me! he pepped!
Hmm, he meowed I could eat you.
HELP! he shouted!
Then the cat was trapped!
So mouse calls for help and released cat!
THANK YOU!He meowed.
THE END.

David's ABC Book
A is for Alligator
B is for Bear
C is for Cat
D is for Donkey
E is for Elephant
F is for Fox
G is for Giraffe
H is for Hippo
I is for Iguana
J is for Jackrabbit
K is for Kangaroo
L is for Lion
M is for Monkey
N is for Newt
O is for Octopus
P is for Penguin
Q is for Quail
R is for Rhino
S is for Snake
T is for Tiger
U is for Unicorn
V is for Viper
W is for Walrus
X is for X-ray fish
Y is for Yak
Z is for Zebra

I Relax
I like to relax at the beach.
I relax when I breathe.
I watch the sun set. I relax.
I pet my puppies. I relax.
I look at nature. I relax.
I watch pelicans fly. I relax.
How do you relax?

Romeo and Juliet
Romeo and Juliet fall in love.
Their families
 hate each other.
Romeo and Juliet get married.
They keep their marriage  a secret.
Romeo kills Juliet's cousin.
Romeo has to leave the city.
Juliet drinks a little poison so that she can sleep.
Romeo thinks she is dead.
Romeo drinks some poison, and he dies.
Juliet wakes up, and she sees Romeo dead.
Juliet uses Romeo's knife  to kill herself.
Romeo and Juliet's parents are sad, but ...
they don't hate each other any more.

Lego Batman
Batman arrests The Riddler.
The riddler goes to jail.
Here comes Batman!
Here comes the Riddler's friends to help him.
There goes batman.
Here he is in his bat car.
Batman's car drives away.
There's Two-Face.
There's Batman.
Two-face got beat up.
Here comes Harley-Quinn.
Two-face is safe.
Batman is going away.
There is Batman by the bat signal.
There goes Batman to get Killer Croc.

What Can Grover Do?
Hi! My name is Grover!
I am Logan's friend.
What can Grover do?
Grover can sit.
Grover can fly.
Grover can ride a horse.
Grover can carry.
Grover can be a hero!
Grover can be a friend.
Come to a Grover Party!
Eat a Grover cake.
Wear a Grover hat.
I love you Grover!

The Frogs Desiring A King
There was once a tribe of frogs.
They did not work and would just watch swamp vapor.
This was because they did not have a king.
So they decided to ask Jupiter.
He decided to send down a log to be the frogs king.
Obviously, the log was not the best of kings.
So they asked this guy again.
Jupiter was not very happy.
He sent a stork to be the frogs "new king."
The frogs tried to repent but it was too late.
THE END!

The Fox and the Crow
Once upon a time a crow sat in a tree.
The crows name is Crocita.
She had a piece of cheese in her beak.
Throughout the woods a fox walked.
His name is Renardius Aesopius Callidus.
Renardius is very clever but in the spring, very trustworthy.
Crocita smelled the cheese.
Renardius wanted the cheese and wondered how she had gotten it.
He thought and thought and finally thought of a plan.
Crocita is up in the tree while Renardius is beneath her talking.
Renardius says "Oh Crocita! Do you have a delightful voice?"
He then asks if she will sing him a song.
But Crocita's voice was not sweet.
But Renardius said it was anyway.
Then the cheese feel to the ground!
Renardius took the cheese and walked away.
The End

Horses
by C
Horses are mammals.
They have four legs and eat grass.
I like riding horses.
Some horses are funny and friendly.
Some horses are dangerous.
But most horses want to be friends.

Who Helps?
The dad helps the girl.
The girl helps the boy.
The boy helps the dog.
The dog helps the boy.
The boy helps the girl.
The dad helps the boy.
The girl helps the dad.
The mom helps the girl.
The mom helps the boy.
The girl helps the dog.
The dog helps.

All About Weather
White cloud against bright blue sky!
This is lightning coming from the clouds.
After the rainstorm comes a rainbow.
Thunderheads are dark clouds filled with rain.
The night sky is streaked with purple and blue in the desert.
A sudden downpour hits the city.
Trees reflected in a rainy day puddle.
Lost in the fog.
There is a snowy blizzard.
The wind brings all kinds of weather.

Garden Creatures
I see a lady bug.
I see a grasshopper.
I see a dragonfly.
I see a bumblebee.
I see a butterfly.
I see a spider.
I see a fly.
I see a bird.
I see a snail.
I see a worm.
I see a caterpillar.
I see a snake.
I see a chameleon.

What do You See at the Zoo?
You see a monkey! It likes to swing from trees.
You see a giraffe! It has a really long neck.
You see a koala bear! It sleeps high in the trees.
You see a flamingo! It has pink feathers.
You see a tiger! It is a big cat.
You see a rhino! It has 2 big horns.
You see a parrot! It has colorful feathers.
You see a panda bear! It is black and white.
You see a camel! It has 2 humps on its back.
You see a turtle! It has a big shell on its back.

Earth
E is for earthquake
A is for animals
R is for rodents
T is for tornado
H is for hail

Skeleton The Dead Pirate
Once there was a dead pirate.
And his nasty pet cat that hisses a lot.
Sailed on the S.S Poseiden in the Arctic Ocean.
He started lots of rough waves.
They went to Firework Island.
And then found a X-skeleton.
Next they dug out the treasure.
He found this block ship in the chest.
So he built this toy ship.
So after building that ship. Him and his brother played chess.
Then they watched the sunset together and their adventure was over.
And they went home to his king Dead the XI.
Skeleton told the king that he found this in the chest.

The Abandoned House Door
Once there was a door named Door.
Door was very sad.
Door belonged to an abandoned house.
Finally somebody moved into his house.
Door was very happy.
Door was never sad again.

Football
F is for field.
O is for offense.
O is for outdoor sport.
T is for target.
A is for armor.
L is for lineman.
L is for the lines on the field.

Birthday
B is for baking the cake.
I is for inviting friends.
R is for ripping open my presents.
T is for toys I will get.
H is for having fun.
D is for dinner which is cake.
A is for apples to eat on my birthday.
Y is for yoyos to get for prizes.

The Wright Brothers
Wilbur and Orville Wright built the first motor powered airplane.
This is where they were born.
Wilbur was born April 16, 1867 in Millville, Indiana. Orville was born August 19, 1871 in Dayton, Ohio.
This is their bicycle shop. They built bicycles.
They built bicycles with big front wheels.
Wilbur and Orville built this bicycle too.
Wilbur and Orville made kites.
This is one of Wilbur and Orville's gliders.
Wilbur flew the glider.
They flew their airplanes at Kitty Hawk.
This is a double winged airplane.
Wilbur and Orville flew the airplane on Dec.17,1903.
They worked on the airplanes.
This Museum has Wilbur and Orville's airplane.
People will remember Wilbur and Orville's work with airplanes.
This is a monument for Wilbur and Orville Wright at Kitty Hawk .
Wilbur and Orville had a dream to fly airplanes someday. Their dream came true!

A Council of Mice
All of the mice are called together by the leader.
The council is planning a counter attack against Felix the cat.
Minimus,the mouse said: "We don't need to live this way!"
I have the perfect plan.
"When Felix walks near us, the jingling bell will warn us."
"Splendid plan!" All of the mice have new hope.

Rooster and the Jewel
Once upon of time a rooster named Canticlarus was roaming in search for his beloved Barley corn.
So, Canticlarus went through the field looking between straw and from under the rubble he finds.....
From out of the ruble he finds a jewel, but Canticlarus doesn't want the jewel.
The other chickens wants him to wear it in his ear or on his tail.
But, he can't put it in his ear or his tail. He's not sure where his ears are, and he can't reach his tail. And he can't eat it.
So he puts the jewel back where he found it and continues his search for his beloved barley corn.
The End
The Moral of the story is, what is valuable to one may not be for another.

You are a SUPER KID!
You are a super kid and have many talents!
You do great things on the computer.
You love to laugh at things you think are funny.
You know what you like to eat...and what you don't.
You have great superhero hearing.
You are a terrific gum chewer.
You make wonderful things with Legos.
You are the King of Pokemon cards...
And the Prince of Silly BandZ.
You love to read and are very good at it!
You are a math star too!
That's why you are SUPER!

Mary Had a little Lamb
Mary had a little lamb.
It's fleese as white as snow.
Every where that Mary went.
The lamb was sure to go.
It followed her to school one day.
Which was against the rules.
It made the children laugh
and play
To see a lamb at school.
So the teacher turned it out.
But still it lingered near.

Thunderstorms
Many places have thunderstorms.
They usually happen in the spring and summer.
Some people get scared during thunderstorms.
Some dogs get scared during thunderstorms.
Thunderstorms usually last less than an hour.
They can happen at night.
They can happen in the day.
Thunderstorms have lots of rain.
Thunderstorms have lots of wind.
Thunderstorms have lots of dark clouds.
Thunderstorms have lightning.
When the lightning moves through the air,
it makes a loud sound called thunder.
It is as loud as a plane.
Thunderstorms are loud and
thunderstorms are dark.
But, thunderstorms don't last long
and sometimes you get to see a rainbow after the storm.

Three Kinds of Matter:  Solids, Liquids, and Gases
A solid is one kind of matter. A solid can be soft like a stuffed animal.
A solid can be hard like this toy truck. Solids also have color.
Solids have their own shape like these peaches.
A liquid is another kind of matter. A liquid takes the shape of its container. The orange juice in the glass is a liquid.
Water is a liquid. The water in this swimming pool takes the shape of the pool.
A gas is another kind of matter. The steam coming out of the earth is a gas.
When the water in the tea kettle is heated, the water becomes steam. Steam is a gas you can see.
The air inside this bubble is a gas but you can not see it.
Some things can be a solid and a liquid. Ice cream is a solid until it melts. Then it is a liquid!
Can you find any solids in this picture? Can you find any liquids? How about any gases?

Storms
There are many kinds of storms.
There are thunderstorms.
There are tornadoes.
There are snow storms.
A snowstorm can also be called a blizzard.
There are ice storms.
There are hurricanes.
A hurricane can also be called a cyclone.
Which kind of storm do you like?
I like the rainbow after the storm.

Happy all the Time
Happy all the Time by Laurie Colwin
Guido and Vincent are two men who are friends.
They want to find women to marry.
Guido sees Holly and falls in love.
Vincent meets Misty at work and falls in love.
Both men convince these women to love them back.
Both couples end up getting married.
The women become friends.
Holly and Guido have a baby.
They all live happily ever after.

Vowel Song
Vowel Song
A
E
I
O
U
I can sing my vowels for you.
A
E
I
O
U
You can sing them too.
Whew!

The Golden Spruce
One tree stood out of many.
The land was perfect.
Although logging was a part of life, some parts of the forest were special.
One tree was to be saved and never cut down.
One man saw the beuaty in the whole forest, not just in one tree.
The golden spruce was cut down to show that the forest as a whole was important and not just one tree.
Now that the one special tree was gone, people were forced to look at the entire forest.

Spiderman
How was Spiderman created?
Peter Parker was a very smart guy.
He went to the Museum on a class trip.
He was looking at insects and was bitten by a spider.
The next day he felt in shape and could do crazy things, like crawl up walls.
He became known as Spiderman!

What can I do when I am Frustrated?
What can I do When I am Frustrated?
Sometimes children feel frustrated at school.
Sometimes, when children have difficult school work, they feel frustrated.
Teachers can help children who feel frustrated.
Sometimes other friends may help when children feel frustrated.
I will say helpful things like, "I'm OK" or "I can try again!"
I can try to stay calm by taking deep breaths and relaxing my body.
I can ask a teacher for help. I can ask to take a break.
Everybody feels frustrated sometimes. I will try to stay calm and ask for help when I am frustrated.

More Number 5
This is the number 5.
Here are 5 pennies we can spend at the store.
Can you point to the number 5?
Here are 5 dollars we earned for our work.
Can you point to the number 5?
Here are 5 apples we can eat for snack.
Can you point to the number 5?
Here are 5 flowers that grew in the garden.
Can you point to the number 5?
Here are 5 dots that are black.
Can you point to the number 5?
This is the number 5.

The Swordfish
Fishermen has caught swordfish for many years. They were a good fish to eat.
Swordfish weigh about 100 pounds. The female is much larger than the male.
They are cold-blooded and they eat fish, squid and octopus.
Swordfish have a long sharp bill.
People like to eat swordfish but we worry about the mercury found in swordfish. It is caused by chemicals in the water.
The longest swordfish was 14 and a half feet long. The largest weighed more than a thousand pounds.
Swordfish live in most of the oceans of the world.
Swordfish have a backbone. This is the skull of a swordfish. I hope you learned a lot about swordfish.

More Number 12
This is the number 12.
Here are 12 candy bars.
Can you point to the number 12?
Here are 12 letters.
Can you point to the number 12?
Here are 12 stamps to put on the letters.
Can you point to the number 12?
Here are 12 tacos.
Can you point to the number 12?
Here are 12 mushrooms to put on your tacos.
This is the number 12.

Different Things
This is a doughnut and it has different colors.
This is a baby duck, it is cute.
This tree has green leaves on it.
They are having fun on the beach.
This car is pink and it has tires on it.
This house look like it is falling.
There are many goats gathered together.
The man is holding the cats in his hands.
There are three kids on the beach.
There are different kinds of hair.
Banana and apples are in the grass.
This is a monkey eating a banana.
The children are holding apples and oranges in their hands.
This fish is wearing red shoes.
This is cooked rice,it is in a bowl.
There are different kinds of corns.

I Like Toy Story!
I like Toy Story!
I like Buzz.
I like Woody.
I like Alien.
I like Bo Peep.
I like Mr. Potato Head.
I really like Buzz.

Playing Well Together
Let's play well together!
Hands should not be used to hit!
They can clap!
They can wave!
They can count!
Feet should not be used to kick!
They can walk!
They can run!
They can dance!
Teeth are not made for biting!
They are made for eating!
They are made for brushing teeth!
Remember to Play well together.

ACADEMY FOR CAREER EXCELLENCE
On March 18, 2011, we went to the Beaufort-Jasper Academy for Career Excellence.
We visited the Graphic Arts program.
The teacher helped us make buttons with our names on them.
The auto body class painted this truck.
Culinary Arts gave us a tour of their kitchen. It was huge.
Kimberley had a manicure from the Nail Technology Department.
Torri did too. She picked blue nail polish!!
Ben and Eddie got haircuts from the Master Hair Care program.
The Health Science program was great.
The nurse taught us how to wash our hands like a doctor.
First they measured us to see how tall we were.
Then they weighed us too.
We listened to our own hearts.
And we listened to our friends hearts too.
Kimberley may make a great nurse's assistant some day.
The Agriculture program has a pet rabbit.
Kimberley even got to feed it some grass.
At first, Ben was a little afraid.
But he got brave. That bunny felt very soft.
Eddie planted some seeds.
So did Torri. We planted watermelon and sunflower seeds.
Then we all planted some pansies in soil.
We even decorated our pots.
Kim labeled her plants so we know what's growing.
Mrs. Finkle is pretending to wash Kimberley's hair in the sink at the Cosmetology Department.
We were sad when we had to leave.
When we got back to Robert Smalls, Kimberley and Torri watered their pansies and seeds.
Ben and Eddie know that their plants needed water.
Our plants are doing great.
THANK YOU FOR MAKING OUR TRIP SO INCREDIBLE!!!!!

Looking For Chewbaca
I'm looking for Chewbaca in the woods on my vacation.
When I find him we are going to Game Stop.
After we go to Game Stop we are going to play X-Box 360.
In this tree house.
After we build it.
But when we build it we are staying in this hotel in Boston.
In Boston we are going to play Star Wars.
In Boston we are going to Pizza Hut and Chewbaca is going to dance in front of Pizza Hut.
After that we are going to the mail mans work shop to get some mail for Chewbaca.
When we get back we are going to bed.
The End

Zach's Book
I want to play Indiana Jones on my Wii.
I want to play hockey with my friends.
I want reposition my room.
I want to play with my dog.
I want to practice baseball.
I want to use my itouch on x- ray.
Then listen to music.
I want to ride my bike.
I want to wash my moms car.
Then go back to school.

April Vacation
On my April vacation I will do lots of things in this order.
First, I'll swing on my swing.
Next, I will play soccer with my dad.
Then, I can plant flowers.
Next, visit my cousins in Switzerland.
Then, I"ll swim in my pool with my brothers.
Next, I will eat ice cream at Big Daddies.
Then, I'll eat yummy food like cake.
Next I will buy a giraffe and name it Skittles.
Finally, I will have my friends over.
The End!

The Best Vacation
I will play with my remote control helicopter.
I will break it and convince my mom to take me to the store to buy me a new one.
After that I will fly it to my neighbors house. Maybe I'll let him try.
He will make it go BOOM.
Then put a dog in a lobster suit.
If he gets mad I will let him out.
I will be his friend and he will be mine.
Then I will feed him the best dog food.
THE END.

April Vacation
On April vacation I want the snow to melt.
I want to play with my pit bulls Sandi and Onika.
I could plant my flowers and veggies.
I would play soccer with my friends.
The baseball season will begin.
My best friend Polly will come over.
Or I'll play with my baby cousins.
And I'll bake yummy treats.
My older cousin will come over to play some basketball.
Hopefully it will be hot and around 80 degrees.
Although  it will only be April, I want to go swimming.
I am really excited to go to my grandparents house too.
Then after all the exciting times, I will be tired out, ready for a long nap.

Arlo Made This
I want to get new batting gloves.
I want to get my Wii fixed.
I want to get a new bed.
I want to start practicing catching for baseball.
I want to get Pictionary Man.
I want to go to my friends houses.
I want to play basketball with my sister.
I want to get a small rocket to play with.
I want to start practicing for baseball.
I want to go on a bike ride and see a funny sign!
Then I want to sleep peacefully.

April Vacation
I'm going to a hotel with a indoor pool with my grandmother, my cousin and my brother.
We are going to a restaurant for lunch and dinner.
We are going to stay at the hotel for 2-3 days.
We are going to eat from candy machines.
The food is going to be so yummy.
At the end of April I'm going to set my pool up and my sprinkler.
It's going to be so much fun swimming.
When I get back home I'm going to be starting softball for my 3rd year.
And I'm going to play with my nephew because he lives with me.
And I'm going to go to Funtown Splash Town  because we have season passes again.
It is going to be an awsome vacation!

April Fun
On my Apirl Vacation I went to see my sister at her hotel.
Then we will eat at Burger King.
My sister, her kids and I will go fishing.
Then we will see a really pretty flower.
Then we will go to the park and see a beautiful water fountain.
After all the fun we will go back to the hotel and have a lot of fun.
We will play yahtzee.
Then we will listen to Katy Perry.
Then I will go home to my dog.

The Best Trip To San Francisco California
On my April vacation I would first go to the Golden Gate Bridge.
Next I would go to downtown San Francisco.
Then I would go look at the Twin Peaks.
I would also go and see the oceans and beaches.
San Fancisco late at night.
I would go and see the Old Bay Bridge.
Then I would go to the highest point and look at the city.
Then I would go and drive across the Old Bay Bridge.
Then I would go and see the Twin Peaks again.
To finish the trip I would go see the Bay Bridge Kennel Dog Show.

Boom Town Vocabulary
Boom Town Vocabulary By: Rob
Sidewalks means paths by the side of the street or road.
Grumbled means complained in a low voice.
Traders means people who buy and sell things.
Blossomed means grew or developed.
Wailed means made a long and sad cry.
Lonesome means not often visited by people.

Puppy Grow
When puppies are born they are tiny.
I am tired!
When I am born.
I am so tiny.
Where is my food?
Oh! I see my food. I love this.Yummy!!
I want some more.
May I go outside to play?
Here are my friends.
I sleep with my friend.
I go with my friends swimming.
I am running. I like to run.
This is My picture.

All About Troy
This is funny Troy.
Is he thinking or being funny?
Ugly arms!
Look, it's alien Troy from the planet Twister!
Ugly ears
Look, Troy has three eyes!
Both eyes can see in a cave.
See DJ, Troy really is funny!

Monkey Math
One little,
Two little,
Three Little monkeys.
Four little,
Five little,
Six little monkeys.
Seven little,
Eight little,
Nine little monkeys.
Ten cute monkeys, all in a row.

Spring
Spring gives birth to a greener Earth.
In the spring people wear wedding rings.
The possums come out to play when the flowers blossom.
I snatch a batch before they hatch.
Because I felt the snow melt.
I felt funny when I saw a hopping bunny.
In May I say hooray!

How To Set a Good Goal - 20111이경하
< How to set a good goal >
People set many goals but often give up.
It's because they are not setting the right goals.
Let me give you some tips on how to set a good goal.
First, set clear goals.
Second, use your time better.
Third, set more easier goals.
Fourth, break down your goals.
If you follow these tips, you may achieve your goal.
Thanks for reading.

Showing
Once upon a time there was a deer and a rabbit. Some animals thought they couldn't do anything.
A bear came and started bragging in their faces. Saying I can beat you in any fight.
The rabbit said we don't care about fights we want to be left alone.
The deer said to the rabbit we should fight him and see who's the strongest!
Bring it on weak creatures!!
But before the bear could attack the rabbit. The deer pushed him into the freezing cold water.
The End

I Am Too Funny
One day in the woods a snake saw a fly.
And the snake said the fly was not cool.
Then the fly asked the bat if he was cool.
The bat said yeah right. You are not cool.
So the fly saw the bear and asked the bear if he was cool.
The bear said yeah right.You are not funny.
So the fly asked the moose if he was cool.
Then he said yes.
Then the fly said "Ha I am cool."
So the fly was happy and this is what he looked like.
The End
Everyone was sad that it was the end.

About 3 Dogs
Once there were three dogs.
They listened to a book.
Then the 1st dog jumped into the pool because he was very hot.
Then the 2nd dog jumped into the swing.
The 3rd dog went for a walk.
Then the 3rd dog saw a cute poodle.
See how cute the poodle is?
Grr. A little scared right now!

The Bear and the Squirrel
Bear was out looking for his daily snack.
Suddenly bear came across a chubby squirrel.
Bear, looking as scary as he could roared with all his might to get squirrel away from his food.
Squirrel still took no notice of bear for he was not afraid of him no matter how big he was.
This time he jumped down to have a little talk with squirrel.
Squirrel squeaked quickly but carefully. "I do not fear you for how big or tall you might be."
I have the right to eat berries as well as you.
The black bear exclaimed in a powerful voice "Not fear me?" Well we'll soon see about that.
Tomorrow we will have a berry eating contest to prove who really belongs here.
Soon it was the day for the contest.
All the animals gathered to see who would win.
Soon bear begun to eat and so did squirrel.
They ate for a long time but squirrel being so cunning called in his cousins to help him out.  They ate until hey were full.
Then they secretly switched places behind a bush when no one was looking.
Then the wild cat called out "squirrel is the winner bear can no longer eat!"
All the animals cheered and went to throw a party for squirrel for winning.
Bear then jumped in the water with a large splash.
and swam away.
THE END

Hide and Seek Game
Once there lived a banana that loved to play hide and seek.
He had a friend named grape. So they played hide and seek.
And guess where he was? He was in the fruit bowl where no one would find him.
And when grape hid he found a good hiding place too. Banana was jealous and mad. He liked being the best hider.
I am good at hiding too. I will never be found if we play a game together.
So they all played a game of hide and seek. THE END

Easter
E is for eating.
A is for a lot of candy.
S is for sleep.
T is for tart.
E is for Easter.
R is for real.

Boston
B is for bright in the city.
O is for on the center of the court is a leprechaun.
S is for space, lots of space.
T is for tickets.
O is for on the top are people who drop parachutes.
N is for no bags allowed.

I'm Matteo
I'm Matteo.
This is my Nonna. She plays the ukulele.
This is my Mommy & Papi.
I made a snowman.
I love to play in the water.
This is Nonna's dog, Lulu.
My Mommy makes yummy cookies.
Time to make dinner.
I am taking a bath.
Splish, Splash.
Hushhhh, I'm sleeping.

We Need Dogs!
Dogs can teach us many things...Like how to listen carefully during story time.
They can make room for each other and not fight.
They know how good a nap can be.
Dogs love us just as we are!
They are loyal and trust us to be gentle and kind with them.
They will get the ball if we ask them to...even if they get wet!
They know how to wait for us even if we move slowly.
They will do almost anything we ask them to do and won't mind if we laugh!
Dogs don't care how we look or if we are old or young. They love us just the way we are.
Dogs get lonely when we aren't with them.
If you treat your dog like a good friend she will never let you down.
Dogs can teach us how to get along with others!
Remember, your dog wants you to be a good friend.
The End...

Hockey
This boy is playing hockey.
That mask is in the olden days.
This is the arena where you play hockey.
He is shooting the puck at the goalie.
He is skating fast with the puck.
They are ready to go out to play hockey.
This team won the trophy.

Horses
The horses are looking for food.
My horse, Kevin, is playing with me.
My horse, Kevin, is riding and doing tricks.
My horse, Kevin, is standing.
My friend, Sally, likes to ride  with her horse.
The black horse is looking at me.
Kevin is my dad.  He is a rodeo horse.
Look at me....I like to do tricks.
All the horses are brown.

My Girls
All my barbies are in their fancy clothes.
My doll is in her favorite dress out in the field.
My girl, Maddie, is doing some fashion modeling.
My best girls are getting ready to go shopping.
This pink room is where the dolls live.
My dolls like to hang out together.
Linda likes to go outside and play.
My girls are fancy.
My girl likes to play with strings.
Rita likes to exercise all day long.

Hamsters
This looks like my old hamster.
The hamster is looking at me.
The hamsters are snuggling together in the wheel.
This hamster is washing its face.
The hamsters are on top  of each other and the dog is sniffing them.
This hamster is a baby hamster.
This hamster looks like my little sister's hamster.
This hamster is  the littlest hamster I have ever seen.

Horses
The horses are taking a break before someone rides them.
People like watching them run around.
A baby horse is so cute.
A princess riding her favorite horse.
The King and the Queen are going somewhere.

Cupcakes
violet/red
blue/violet
red
all blues
green
same as 1st
red
orange
yellow green
yellow
blue
yellow orange
purple
green
orange
orange
blue green
blue
blue
red
red
purple
red orange
blue/purple
blue
red
red orange
yellow
blue
yellow orange
green
orange
yellow
orange
blue
purple

Sonic
Nintendo games are fun.
I have the video game of Sonic.
Sonic is a hedgehog.
Sonic goes on a lot of adventures.
Sonic can go very fast.

What is Saint Patrick's Day?
Saint Patrick's Day is March 17
On March 17, many people will say, "Happy Saint Patrick's Day!"
Saint Patrick was a famous holy man in Ireland hundreds of years ago.
Many people came from Ireland to live in America, so it is fun for everybody to celebrate an Irish holiday.
Saint Patrick's Day is not a holiday like Thanksgiving or Memorial Day. We go to school on Saint Patrick's Day.
We will see a lot of pictures and hear a lot of things about Ireland.
Many people will wear green.
Some people will wear just a little bit of green.
Some people wear LOTS of green!
Some pets will also wear green!
Many cities have Saint Patrick's Day parades.
Some people enjoy going out for Irish food and drinks.
Many restaurants and stores will serve green foods...
...and drinks!
Some cities like Chicago put green color in the river to celebrate.
Many people will go to Church to pray.
Shamrocks grow in Ireland and they are green. Shamrocks are a perfect decoration for Saint Patrick's Day.
Whatever we do on Saint Patrick's Day...go to a parade...
...enjoy fun things other people do...
...celebrate with our pets...
...dress up in green...
...wear silly costumes...
...or hang out with friends...
We can have fun on March 17 telling everybody, "Happy Saint Patrick's Day!"

Horses
I like little horses because they are cute.
I like horses because they are fun to ride.
It's fun to watch the horses run around.
These horses are taking a break before people come to ride them.
A princess is riding her favorite horse.

A book for Mrs. Ottati
I miss your dancing.
I like when you sing the vacation song.
I miss your jokes.
I miss your laugh.
I miss taking walks with you.
I like teasing you.
Get well soon.
I like your jokes.
I miss teaching with you.
I miss your shoes.
I miss talking about T.V. shows.
I miss "the boss" talk.

Danny's First Book
Trains are fun.
Trains are fast.
I like parades.
I see a big mall.
This mall is pretty.

My Alphabet Book
Angie Ate Apples.
Bob Bought a Boat.
Chris Caught a Cold.
Danny Dunks Donuts.
Elsie the Elephant Eats.
Freddy loves Fireworks.
Gloria is a Girl.
Hannah wears a Hat.
Iggy likes the Ice castle.
Jeannie sits in a Jack-o-lantern.
Kiki the kitten.
Lynda Likes Ladybugs.
Matilda lives near the Mountains.
Nicole plays with her Noodles.
Oliver eats Oranges.
Peter slides at the Playground.
Queenie stitched on her Quilt.
Rachel River Rafts with friends.
Sunny the Snake is in a coil.
Tatyana takes pictures of Trees.
Ursula Uses Umbrellas in the rain.
Victor the dog likes the Victrola.
Wally Walks in the Winter.
Xavier plays his Xylophone.
Yasmin knits with Yarn.
Zoey sees Zebras at the Zoo.

From A to Z
Ants Ate Apples at Atlanta's Airport.
Big Brave Brown Bears Baked Beans.
Cute Cuddly Cats Crawled Carefully.
Dizzy Dinosaurs Devoured Donuts Downstairs.
Eight Energetic Elephants Elected Elegant Ellie.
Five Ferocious Felines Finished Fighting.
Grumbling Gray Geese Get Good Grades.
Heavy Harry Hated Horrible Hamburgers.
Irritable Isabelle is Ironing Inside Igloos.
Jealous Jack Junior Just Jumped Joyfully.
Katie Kaleidoscope Kept Kicking Kindergarten Kids.
Lazy Linda Let Looney Larry Lick Lemon Lollipops.
Moldy Mushy Meatballs Made Madelyn Miserable.
Nasty Natasha Needed Ninety-Nine New Nickels.
Old Oscar Opened Oreos Outside of Ohio.
Peaceful Penguins Partied Playfully Part-time.
Quarrelsom Queen Qianna Quit Quilting Quietly.
Randy Road Runner Ran Races Rapidly.
Silly Sandra Spied Seven Statues.
Terrible Thomas Twisted Two Tamborines Together.
Ugly Ursula Used Unfolded Umbrellas Upstairs.
Vivian Visited Virginia's Vampires.
Wee Willy Walked Westward Where Warm Waffles Waited.
Xavier's Xylophone.
Yesterday Yoshi's Yellow Yo-Yo Yowled.
Zoey's Zesty Zebra Zipped Zippers.

Snow Flowers
The snow falls in March.
When winter meets spring.
Daffodils have willpower.
Survival of the fittest.
Check out the spring snowballs.
Spring time in Vermont.
Finally! It's spring.

Animals on the Farm
The farm is quiet as the day begins.
A ewe shyly wonders if her friends are awake yet.
A good morning nuzzle is shared among animals on the farm.

My First Day of School
I rode the big, yellow school bus through the streets to school.
I like my little, red schoolhouse. I'm excited to meet my classmates.
Our classroom looks so cozy and colorful...
But my favorite part of the day was recess!

My First Day of School
I rode the big, yellow school bus through the streets to school.
I like my little red schoolhouse.  I'm excited to meet my classmates.
My classroom looks so cozy and colorful....
But my favorite part of the day was recess!

Summer Vacation
The first adventure of our summer vacation was the water park!
Next we went to the beach.  It was beautiful.
The water was warm and we swam all day.
At the end of our vacation there was a big storm and a gorgeous rainbow.
When we got home our entire yard filled with blooming sunflowers.

Summer Vacation
The first adventure of our vacation was the water park!
Next we went to the beach.  It was beautiful!
The water was warm and we swam all day.
At the end of our vacation there was a big storm and a gorgeous rainbow!!
When we got home our entire yard was filled with blooming sunflowers.

Clearing the Path
The big storm dumped two feet of snow!
Shovel, shovel, shovel!
Even the smallest can do their share.
Four-footed friends find a way to help!
Finally done - now we can play!

I love dolphins!
Dolphins are mammals that swim.
They love clean water.
You can swim with them!
They can even talk!!
They swim in two.
And pods too!
You're my friend!
The End

Very Silly Bunnies
This bunny is looking for his owner.
These bunnies are falling in love.
Bunny as the bunny Queen.
Bunny as the King.
Aaaaaa, the snow monsters are coming.
It's ok. No  it's not!
Aooo. Bunny in a Talent Show.
Where is this place?
The end

Bunny?
One day a little girl named Fiona saw a show on TV about bunnies. She thought they were so cute that she wanted one.
She asked her parents if they would get her one. They said "okay!"
They went to the town pet shop and there they had lots of them to choose from.
They had white ones, and yellow ones, and green ones, and pink ones too!
Fiona saw one that she loved a lot so she grabbed it and said, "Mommy, I want this one!" "Okay", her mom said.
He was pink with yellow polka dots and she named him Fluffy.
She went home that day a happy little girl and they lived happily ever after.

The Joy of Spring
In the spring you can't help feel...
The beauty around you that's all so real.
Just as fast as you can blink...
These trees can turn to pretty pink.
If you like flowers better look fast.
They are here only for a while, they just don't last.
It rains alot in the spring.
Walk with your umbrellas and sing, sing, sing.
The birds come back to fill the trees.
Their singing and chirping are sure to please.
This white bunny is in the know...
She keeps all her peeps in a row.
This little chick so soft and small...
When you've seen one you've seen them all.
In the spring life starts anew.
So let's enjoy it, me and you.

Double Snow Day
By Katie Merritt
W. Lee Sease, the superintendent, called and left a message. It's a snow day!
On the first snow day, all I could do was shovel.
I wore my goggles when I shoveled.
Finally, I was done. And, finally, it stopped snowing.
Then I heard "Momma Mia" playing. It was my cell phone. School was cancelled again!
On the second day, I went skiing at Smuggs.
The next morning I heard the radio alarm go off. Drat! Back to work.

Latin Comparative Adjectives-Friedman
bonus ager
melior ager
optimus ager
parva insula
minor insula
minima insula
senex vir
senior vir
maximus natu vir
multi flores
plures flores
plurimi flores
alta puella
altior puella
altissima puella
grata cena
gratior cena
gratissima cena

Latin Comparatives Preston Seader
cena bona
cena melior
cena optima
locus magnus
locus maior
locus maximus
homines multi
homines plures
homines plurimi
patria extera
patria exterior
patria extrema
templum parvum
templum minus
templum minimum
vir dives
vir divitior
vir divitissimus

The Seven Silly Eaters - We Like Food!
We Like Food!
He likes milk.
She likes lemonade.
He likes applesauce.
He likes oatmeal.
She likes bread.
They like eggs.
We all like cake!

Tyreke's Alicia Keys Bio
By Tyreke Wiggan
Alicia Keys was born on January 25, 1981. She is thirty right now.
She lives in New York City.
My favorite song is "no one."

Too Much Candy
One day I ate M&Ms. They were awesome!
Then I devoured  some Hershey bars.
I spied a Reeses. It was yummy!
Next some skittles. They were good!
Finally I had a Twix bar!
I was so hyper. Now I know never to eat that much.....
CANDY ever again.

Spaceman Shane
There once was a spaceman named Shane.
He dreamed of flying in a spaceship.
Shane went to space college for four years.
One day Shane and his class flew to Mars.
Unfortunately, they got captured by aliens.
But, they sent reinforcements to save them.
The reinforcements were successful.
We won the first war against mars.

Counting
1 lion
2 lions
3 dogs
4 penguins

BRIAN BURNS DOWN THE HOUSE
BRIAN BURNS DOWN THE HOUSE.
THERE WAS A BOY NAMED BRIAN THAT DIDN'T BELIEVE IN THE TOOTH FAIRY.
THIS WAS BAD BECAUSE  BRIAN LOVED SUGAR. HE ALSO LOVED COOKIES. CHOCOLATE CHIP WAS HIS FAVORITE.
HE MIXED TOGETHER SUGAR A TABLESPOON OF VANILLA AND FLOUR.
HE PUT THEM ON THE COOKIE SHEET.
HE TURNED ON THE OVEN TO A HIGH TEMPERATURE TO BAKE.
BRIAN GOT TIRED AND WENT TO THE MALL.
THE COOKIES BURNED AND STARTED ON FIRE.
WHEN HE CAME HOME HE SAW THE FIRE AND TRIED TO PUT IT OUT WITH WATER.
HE CALLED 911 BECAUSE HE COULDN'T PUT OUT THE FIRE. IT WAS TOO HOT.
NOW BRIAN NEEDS A
NEW JOB TO GET A NEW A NEW HOUSE.

THE END

We Love Books!
We Love Books!
I would read them with a cat.
I could read them on a mat.
Books, books, books.
I could read them with a shark.
I would read them in the dark.
Books, books, books.
I could read them on a plane.
I would read them on a train.
Books, books, books.
I would read them with a bird.
How absurd!!!
Books, books, books.
I could read them with a dog.
I would read them with a frog.
Books, books, books.
I could read them on a bike.
I would read them with Spike!
Books, books, books.
I could read them on the stairs.
I would read them to the gummy bears!
Books, books, books, we love books!!!

I like Muppets!
I like Muppets!
I like Animal! He is crazy.
Beeker says 'Mee meee meee'!
Cupcakes that look like sesame street characters! Yum!
Music time with Cookie Monster and Grover!
Ernie, Bert and Rubber Ducky are singing 'Rubber Ducky'.
I like Kermit.
Grover goes to work!
The End!

JAWAN MLK
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr
His famous speech is "I Have A Dream."
MLK practiced non violence.
He was a great man.
Thousands of people listened to him speak.
The brought unity to the civil rights movement.
President Obama is living the dream because of MLK.

The Very Loud Cricket
The Very Loud Cricket
One day a cricket woke up and started to yell.
The boy heard him and picked him up.
And then he let him go.

Lowriders
This lowrider is cool. I like lowriders.
This lowrider is doing a high jump.
I like this color blue. It's my favorite.
This is called a lowrider ambush.

ANIMALS are COOL
I love tigers. They are cool and fast.
What do penguins do? They eat fish!
These are lion cubs. They are cute and pretty!
This is a chihuahua! They are awesome!
Rabbits are cute.
Baby elephants are funny.
Birds are cool.

PENGUINS PENGUINS PENGUINS
Penguins, Penguins,
Penguins
Penguins like to swim.
Penguins live in South Africa.
Penguins like to walk on ice.
Baby penguins  Grow.
PENGUINS ARE COOL!

The Letter Y
The Letter Y
Y is for Yak
Y is for Yam
Y is for Yarn
Y is for Yoyo
Y is for Yellow
Y is for Yawn
Y is for Yolk
Y is for Yard

Kong's Favorite Food
I like spicy chicken at home.
My whole family eats chicken.
I like to eat chicken for dinner.
I can eat one plate of spicy chicken.
I like to eat chicken with my hands.
I like spicy chicken hot.
I like both salty and sweet spicy chicken.
When I eat spicy chicken like to drink white Mountain Dew.
Someone else who likes spicy chicken is my friend.
Yi likes spicy chicken too.

Nathan's Favorite Food
Nathan loves pepperoni pizza.
My whole family eats pizza.
I like to eat pizza for dinner.
I can eat three pieces of pizza.
I like to eat pizza with my hands.
Pizza is hot.
Pizza is salty.
When I eat pepperoni pizza I like to drink orange pop.
I like orange pop with pizza.
Someone else who likes pepperoni pizza is my sister.

Sedquan' s Favorite Foods
I like Old Country Buffet.
I like ice cream at Old Country Buffet.
I like pizza at Old Country Buffet.
My whole family eats pizza.
I like to eat pizza for dinner.
I can eat one plate of pizza. I can eat two pieces of pizza.
I eat pizza with my hands.
Pizza is hot.
Pizza is salty.
Someone else who likes pizza is my friend Christian.

Going fishing
It was a beautiful Sunday afternoon.
I decided to go fishing for the day.
I caught a lot of fish.
I took the fish back home.
I ate the fish. It was really good.

Here Comes Spring!
In the spring trees start to grow.
In the spring flowers bloom.
In the spring rain falls down.
In the spring the weather gets warm.
In the spring the birds sing songs.
In the spring the grass turns green.
In the spring children play outside.
In the spring baby animals are born.

My Music Book NA
My Music Book ~ by Nathan Almack
My name is Nathan Almack.
I am 8 years old.
On Wednesdays after school I go to Ms. Chris's house for music lessons.
This is Ms. Chris.
Ms. Chris has two cats. Pepsi is a black and white cat.
Ollie is a brown tiger cat.
I have three dogs. This is Bella and Barrett taking a nap.
And this is Ophie. She wants me to throw the ball for her.
Leo is my calico cat.
And Pumpkin is my orange cat.
We go down the stairs to the music room.
There are bells on the steps and I have to ring each one.
Then I sing, "do-ti-la-so-fa-mi-re-do."
When I get to the music room, I sit in the chair and get ready to play music.
Sometimes I play the drums.
Sometimes I play the keyboard.
Sometimes I play the ukulele.
Sometimes I play the triangle.
Sometimes I play the xylophones.
Sometimes I play the harp.
I really like to play the giant keyboard.
And the accordion.
Sometimes we play the Boomwhackers.
I am really good at singing and mostly get 100% at Singing Coach.
Sometimes we play the harmonica.
My favorite thing is to play the rhythm instruments. Now I am going to play the scraper.
At the end of the music lesson, I sing the good bye song into the microphone.
Then, I get a penny and put it in the Skittle machine and lots of Skittles come out!
If I get 6 skittles, I hit the jackpot!
When I am done eating my skittles, I go back upstairs and get ready to go home.
Then I say good bye to Ms. Chris.. (Sometimes I give her a hug!) I tell her, "See you next week."
Sometimes there are ducks in the driveway!
And squirrels on the fence. I call this one Hammy.
The End.

Being Clean!
I should shower  everyday.
This will keep me clean!
In the shower, I should wash my body with soap and water.
This will keep me clean!
In the shower, I should wash my hair with shampoo.
This will keep me clean!
I should brush my teeth with toothpaste at least 2 times a day.
This will keep me clean!
I should put deoderant on everyday.
This will keep me clean!
I should wash my dirty clothes once or twice a week.
This will keep me clean!
Daily Routine:
1. Shower (use soap and shampoo)
2. Brush my teeth
3. Put on deoderant.
Weekly Routine:
Wash my dirty clothes.
This will keep me clean!

Malik goes to Chuck e Cheese
Once upon a time there was a boy named Malik.
Malik is playing games at Chuck e Cheese.
Malik, Christian, and Noah eat pizza at Chuck e Cheese.
Malik wins one thousand tickets!
Malik buys a mouse for Trinity.
Malik goes home his own to play his own video games.
Malik is tired so he goes to sleep.
the end!

Perry's Christmas
Once upon a time there was a fish named Perry.
Perry and Noah and Ms. Spence are playing a game at Noah's home.
They go to the mall so they can buy clothes for Ms. Brown because it is Christmas!
They go to the mall to eat.
Perry feels happy. He loves christmas.
We all feel calm and happy on Christmas morning.
the end!

HerStory- Worldly Women
This woman lives in the Pampas of Argentina.
These women sell watermelons in Colombia, South America.
This is a Mayan woman in Central America with her child going to market.
She is a modern African woman in traditional costume.
These women are stirring porridge in a pot.
In Turkey this woman works on a hand loom for making fabric.
This woman sells pineapples and wears a veil over her face.
This woman is growing rice in a rice paddy in Asia.
These are Navajo women in North America.
These women are preparing to bring fruit to the temple.
This woman is living in a shelter in Haiti.
This woman is working at an aircraft plant in Long Beach California.
This is Rose the Riveter, the one who inspired women to do hard jobs during the second World 
War.
This ballerina is in a Hollywood movie called the Black Swan.
This is Melissa Ward, a leader in British aviation.
This is an
Aborigine from Australia.
Natalie Imbruglia is an singer/songwriter from Australia.

We read Brown Bear, Brown Bear What Do You See?
Brown bear brown bear what do you see?
I see a red bird looking at me.
I see a yellow duck looking at me.
I see a blue horse looking at me.
I see a green frog looking at me.
I see a purple cat looking at me.
I see a white dog looking at me.
I see a black sheep looking at me.
I see a gold fish looking at me.
I see a teacher looking at me.
I see children looking at me.

Josh's Story
Hi my name is Josh
I live in east Providence Rhode Island
I have a Michael Jordan backpack
My favorite food is pepperoni pizza.
I like the movie Cars.
I like using my I Chat.
I like to read ESPN Magazine.
I like to eat Doritos for snacks.
I like Air Jordan sneakers.
I like baseball. I went to a Pawsox game with my school and I got a bat.
I take the east Providence bus to school.

Michael  Jordon is Popular
Michael Jordon is Popular.
Written and Illustrated by Nickolas Vela
He was good at basketball. He played first at the University of North Carolina.
When he was in college people called him "Superman Jordon". He made a 15 foot jump shot.
In 1984 he started playing for the Chicago Bulls.
He was "Rookie of the Year" his first season in the NBA.
He won many awards. He retired after his father was murdered in 1993.
He played baseball for 17 months. He missed basketball.
He rejoined the Chicago Bulls in 1996.
He retired in 2003.

Kyle's Story
Hi my name is Kyle.
I live in East Providence Rhode Island
I like Super Mario.
I like to play blocks with my friend Nate at school.
I work for my parents' cleaning company.
i have a brother named Corey.
I bring Cosmic brownies for snack.
I drink Capri-Suns with my snack.

Camping at the Howell Nature Center
We walk in the woods.
We go in canoes.
We get warm at the bonfire.
We eat s'mores at camp.
We go on the zipline.
We sleep in sleeping bags.
We see the rabbit hop.
The hawk makes loud noises!
The eagle flies!
The owl says "hoo."
The deer jumps through the woods.
We talk to the wolf and the wolf talks back! Aooooooo!
The frog says "ribbit."
The squirrels eat acorns.
The egrets eat fish or frogs.

Dictators of World War II
Dictators of World War II
Dictators are racist.
Dictators are evil.
Dictators are scary.
Dictators are mean.
Dictators are terrorists.
Dictators are vicious.
Dictators are hateful.
Adolf Hitler was a dictator during World War 2.
Benito Mussolini was a dictator during World War 2.
Hideki Tojo was a dictator during World War 2.
Written by Denzel, Brian, Trevon, A.J., Travis, Isaiah, Kevin, Ethan, Emmalyn, and Olivia

Nick's Story
Hi My name is Nick.
This is a picture of Carly
I live in New Bedford
This is a picture of Anakin. He fell in the hot lava.
This is a picture of Rocky and Cece from Shake it Up.
Twister is my favorite movie.
This is a picture of Jack and Rose from the movie Titanic.

Where do Butterflies come from?
Where do Butterflies come from?
First, an adult female butterfly lays a tiny white egg on a plant. This is known as the egg stage.
Then, the egg hatches and a tiny larva, also known as a caterpillar comes out. This is known as the larva stage.
Next, the caterpillar feeds on plants and grows.
When the caterpillar's skin gets too small, it breaks and the caterpillar comes out in a new skin.
When the caterpillar is fully grown it makes a little silk pad on a leaf or twig and attaches itself to it.
Then the caterpillar's skin splits for the last time and it goes into the pupa stage.
In this stage, chrysalis from under the skin comes out and forms a hard outer shell.
The wings, legs, and the rest of the butterfly are formed in chrysalis. Pupas usually camouflage themselves to avoid being eaten.
The last stage is the adult stage where the chrysalis splits and the butterfly comes out.
Adult butterflies  cannot eat, only drink out of their straw-like spiral proboscis.
Adult butterflies live short lives and throughout that time they fly, mate, and reproduce.

Titanic
The Titanic was built in 1912
A telegrapher sent messages using Morse Code
Tapioca or vanilla puddding with fruit was a popular dessert on the Titanic.
The Titanic hit an iceberg and sunk.

Going to the game
I looked out from my window.
I saw that it was raining.
Would I be able to go to the game?
Yes,if I could catch the bus.
I finally caught the bus and went to the game
My friends and I had lots of fun

My Spring Break by James
We just had Spring Break.
During Spring Break, I did not go to school.
My teachers let me borrow some CDs to listen to at home.
I borrowed Wheels from the Bus.
I borrowed the This Old Man' CD.
I borrowed 5 Little Ducks.
I borrowed Over in the Meadow.
I borrowed Don't Eat the Babysitter.
I borrowed Too Many Frogs.
I borrowed Ants Go Marching On and I love Bugs.
I borrowed Dinosaurs.
I borrowed Community Helpers.
There were other CDs I borrowed...
like 10 Little Monkeys, Wild Animals, School Songs, the Health and Safety CD and the Transportation CD.
During Spring Break, I slept in.
We went to the park and played on the swing set.
I love it when we swing on the tire swing.
I loved my fun Spring Break.

Frogs, Frogs, Frogs!
Frogs, Frogs, Frogs
Frogs lay eggs.
Frog tadpoles have gills to breathe
Frogs need eyes to see.
Frogs have short tails.
Frogs are cool!

What is Gravity?
It is a force of attraction between objects.
If something is light it will fall slow.
If it is heavy it will fall fast.
Gravity works!
There is no gravity on the moon.
You can use force to lift something away from gravity.
Or you can drop something and let it fall.

Mice Like to Play and Hide
Mice like to play and hide.
This mouse likes to eat watermelon.
Mice like to hug each other.
This mouse likes to eat cheese.
This mouse is using the restroom.

Ladybug, Ladybug
Ladybug, Ladybug
Ladybugs have spots.
Ladybugs eat leaves.
Ladybugs sleep in flowers.
Ladybugs have babies.
Ladybugs hang around.
Ladybugs are beautiful!

HANDS CAN...
HANDS CAN...
Wave
Clap
Snap
Point
Knock
Count
Squeeze
PLAY
Quiet

I  woke up.
My baby woke up.
My baby monkey woke up.
The cat woke up the man.
We woke up the cat.
My mom woke me up for school.
My baby polar bear woke up.

Mardi Gras
Mardi Gras in New Orleans is a lot of fun.
The colors of Mardi Gras are purple, green and gold.
There are many parades at Mardi Gras.
The parades have many floats with riders on them.
The riders on the floats throw beads and doubloons.
People yell "Throw me something Mister"!
Many families dress up in costumes.
Some people just wear masks.
There are marching bands that play fun music.
Come to Mardi Gras for a good time!

'DO I SEE MY SHADOW 'A HAPPY GROUND HOG DAY STORY'
"DO I SEE MY SHADOW?"
'A HAPPY GROUND HOG DAY STORY'
The ground hog is an animal.
He pops his head up from the ground.
He does not see his shadow.
He is happy!
He can play outside now!
Winter is finished!
Six more weeks till spring!

My Family
I like to have a snowball fight with my family.
I like to eat ice cream with my family.
I like to dance with my family.
I like to go to the mall with my family.
I like to go to Valley Fair with my family.

Golden Retreiver
Golden Retreivers love to swim.
Golden Retreivers love to play in the snow.
Golden Retrievers love to hug.
Golden Retrievers love to sniff.

DKHarry
I like Harry because he is cute.
Harry likes to hop around.
I would like to brush Harry's fur.
Harry likes to be out of his cage so he can play.
Harry has hay and water in his cage.
Harry likes to eat apples.
I like Harry because he is a good bunny.
Harry likes me!

Harry the Bunny
Harry is a bunny.
He comes out.
The bunny runs.
The Bunny drinks water.
Harry sings with us. We sing "I like to eat apples and bananas"!
Harry eats apples and hay.
Harry hops.
Harry jumps high in the air.

Red
Some candies are red.
You can paint your walls red.
Some cars can be red.
Flags can be red.
People can wear red.
Flowers can be red or different colors.
You can get a red heart.
You can eat strawberries and they are red.
Sometimes the sky can be red.
You can some times see red trucks go by.
You can eat red M&M's.
Some signs can be red.

Jose's story
Greetings my name is Jose.
My favorite singer is Don Omar.
I live in Fall River.
My favorite food is pizza.
I like to dance.
I like cars.

Snowmobile
These Snowmobiles are skidoos.
This Snowmobile is a polaris .
Snowmobiles can go on water if they go fast enough.
This snowmobile is a two-seater .
This is called boondocking.
Snowmobiles are fast.
You can do a wheelie.

paint ball lovers
I like to play paint ball.
I like to play with my friends.
This is how we play paint ball.
We first put the hopper on. Then we put paint in the hopper.
Then we put co2 on the gun.
Then we put on the mask.
And we start shooting at a target.
Then once we're done we take the paint balls out.
Then we take the hopper off the gun.
Then we take the co2 off.
Then I take the barrel off and run the brush through the barrel and put the barrel back on.
This is what happens with you play paint ball.

Horses
Horses can be fun to ride.
But you can get hurt.
They can be different colors.
They like to run fast.
They have fun.
They start from a foal.
You can't fit a horse in a car.
You can get really hurt this way.
They need to eat and drink too.
Some horses can get stuck in a fire.
They can fall in love.
It will be hard to sit like that.

IASHA`S BOOK OF PAKISTAN
MY NAME IS IASHA THIS IS MY BOOK OF PAKISTAN
THIS BUS TAKES PEOPLE ON TRIPS
THIS IS A LADY WITH A SCARF ON HER HEAD
HENNA MEHNDI ON HANDS FOR RELIGIOUS TIMES LIKE EID
PEOPLE LIKE TO VISIT THIS OLD BUILDING
TWO MEN FISHING WITH A NET
HENNA MEHNDI DESIGN IS USED FOR CELEBRATIONS LIKE WEDDINGS
THIS IS THE TAJ MAHAL
A POSTCARD FROM PAKISTAN

Thomas the Tank Engine. A book for Brent.
Here is Thomas.
Here is Thomas on a bridge.
Here is Thomas in the snow.
Here is Thomas in the country.
Here is Thomas at the station.
Here is Thomas blowing smoke.
Here is Thomas on a track.
Here is Thomas being cleaned.
Here is a girl riding Thomas.Here
Here is a toy Thomas.
Here is a Thomas made of flowers.
Here is Thomas on his side.
Here is a Thomas birthday party.
Here is a Thomas birthday cake.
Thomas' wheel

Body Parts
I have a head. I think with my head.
I have eyes. I see with my eyes.
I have a nose. I smell with my nose.
I have a mouth. I eat and talk with my mouth.
I have ears. I hear with my ears.
I have shoulders. I carry my backpack on my shoulders.
I have arms. I carry things with my arms.
I have hands. I clap my hands.
I have a thumb. I give a thumbs up.
I have legs. My legs carry me while I walk.
I have feet. I walk on my feet.
I have a wrist. I bend my wrist.
I have a neck. I wear a scarf or a necklace on my neck.
I have thighs. My thigh is where my hip and leg join.
I have ankles. My ankles are where my legs join my feet.
I have elbows. My elbow is where my arm bends.
I have a calf. It is not a baby cow. It is the lower part of my leg.

Swimming
Swimming.
Here are children splashing.
Here are people in the pool.
Here are slides in the pool.
Here is a girl underwater.
Here is a boy swimming.
Here is a girl on a floating board.
Here is a girl floating.
Here is a Polar Bear swimming.
Here is a fish swimming.
Here is a turtle swimming.
Here is a dog swimming.

I like trucks
I like trucks
I like big trucks
I like red trucks
I like shiny trucks
I like mining trucks
I like old trucks
I like brown trucks
I like tow trucks
I like rusty trucks
I like rubbish trucks
I like little trucks
I like trucks

Trains Around the World
Trains are found all over the world.
You will find trains around the mountains and
in the valleys.
It's catching to the eye to see a train crossing over water.
Be sure to stop and look both ways before crossing over railroad tracks. A train could be coming! Woo! Woo!
Watch for passenger trains! They carry people from place to place.
Freight trains carry large amounts of cargo.
Freight trains carry lumber, auto parts, coal, grain, chemicals and many more items.
If you visit New York City, be sure to visit Grand Central Station, and take a ride on the subway train.
These trains are coming and going! Better get on the right train!
Take a train ride and enjoy the scenic surroundings as you ride.
You might see snow...
or beautiful trees. You might even see wildlife.
Trains are all around the world.
Trains are for work, and
for a fun way to travel!

The Letter U
This is the letter U.
Umbrella starts with the letter U.
Undersea starts with the letter U.
Unicorn starts with the letter U.
United States starts with the letter U.
Uniform starts with the letter U.
Up starts with the letter U.
UPS starts with the letter U.
Usher starts with the letter U.
Upside down starts with the letter U.
Hooray for the letter U!!!

I Can Count
I can count.
One
Two, Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
Fourteen
Fifteen
Sixteen
Seventeen
Eighteen
Nineteen
Twenty
I can count. Can you?

Mother Teresa
Mother Teresa was born August 6, 1910.
She gave poor people food.
She took care of sick and dying people.
She loved to help sick, hungry and poor people.
Mother Teresa died September 5, 1997.

Mountain Brownies
Mountains are the tallest of all land masses.
Mountains are shaped like a  triangle with a pointed top.
Some mountains are snow-covered.
Volcanoes are also a type of mountain.
We are going to make a brownie mountain.
In a bowl we will mix white and brown sugar.
We will also add oil,
eggs,
corn syrup,
and vanilla extract.
In another bowl we will combine flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt.
Add the flour mixture to the sugar mixture and blend together.
Pour and spread mixture into a pan.
Microwave for 3 minutes.
After the brownies are cooked, stack them up to look like a mountain.
Sprinkle powdered sugar over the mountain to look like snow.
Lastly, eat and enjoy your brownies!

Helen Keller
Helen Keller was born in 1880.
She was deaf and could not hear.
Anne Sullivan was her teacher.
Anne taught Helen to speak and listen using sign language.
Helen learned to read and write.
She became the best student in college.
Helen Keller died in 1968.

Fruits
Fruits are healthy foods.
Apples are fruit. I like apples.
Bananas are fruit. I like bananas.
Grapes are fruit. I like grapes.
Strawberries are fruit. I like strawberries.
Fruits are healthy foods. I like fruit.

Monkey
Monkeys live in the forest.
Monkeys are very similar to humans.
There are different kinds of monkeys.
Baby monkeys are very similar to human babies.

Camel
A Desert Love Story.
Once upon a time there was a handsome male camel with two huge camel humps.
He fell in love and married a female camel who had one perfect camel hump.
As time progressed, they became the proud parents of a wonderful baby camel who had no humps.
They thought for along time what to call their beautiful boy.
They finally decided on 
'Humphrey'!

Princess Karen
Karen sits looking at the temple, waiting for her prince to arrive.
But there is a problem... two princes are after fair Karen's hand
They fight!
He wins!

My Cat
My Cat's Name is PeeWee
My Cat Eats Food From a Bowl.
My Cat Plays With His Toys.
My Cat Sleeps
A Lot.
My Cat Drinks Water From The Faucet.

Dinosaur zoo
We are riding on a dinosaur.
This dinosaur has sharp teeth. He is taller than us.
This is a big, mean T-Rex.
This looks like a crocodile.
These dinosaurs are coming over the fence.
Here is a T-Rex fossil.
Triceratops has long horns.
Veloceraptors can run very fast.
Brachiosaurus has a really long neck.
Protoceratops is cool.
Oviraptor is a little dinosaur.
This dinosaur is different colors. I love dinosaurs.

Maria's Favorite Music Artists
Emenim is cute.
Lil' Wayne is a rapper singer.
Tito el Bambino is hot.
Wisin' looks hot.
T-pain is cool.
Usher is a great singer.
I pretend Enrique Iglesias is my dad.
New Boyz are awesome.
Ricky Martin has tattoos.
Prince Royce is gorgeous.
Juanes is my favorite singer.
Justin Timberlake is cool.
Lil Jon is a friend of Lil' Wayne.
Espinosa Pas is hot.
Colby o Donis is super cute.
Pee Wee is my boyfriend.
Aventura is cool.
Jowell is hot.
Yandel is gorgeous.
Don Omar is an awesome singer.
Zac is hot.
The guy from Calle 13 is a great singer.

More opposites
This is hot.
This is cold.
This bunny has soft fur.
This alligator has rough scales.
The man is tall. 
The boy is short.
This web is thin.
This rope is thick.

Teddy's Trip to the Park
This is Teddy. Teddy loves going to the park.
Teddy's favorite thing to do at the park is swing on the swings.
Next, Teddy bravely goes down the giant slide. "That was fun!" Teddy exclaimed.
Teddy then decides to go on the merry go round with all of his friends.
"I'm hungry", says Teddy. So he and his friends go to the snack bar for a hot dog.
Next, Teddy goes to the ice cream truck and picks out his favorite ice cream.
Teddy and his friends love ice pops!
After eating their snacks, Teddy and his friends all play soccer in the big field.
After soccer, Teddy is very tired so he goes home and lays down in bed.
As Teddy lays in bed, he thinks of what a fun day he had at the park with his friends, and how he can't wait to go back soon.

Spring Break
I'll curl up and read some books.
The library is a treasure trove.
So much to read, and so little time.
And I'll have to borrow DVDs as well.
To view at my leisure.
As I create some scarves.
Off to Victoria I will go.
For shopping and walking
And culture, you know!
Then Sarah will come over to stay
And we won't travel too far away.
Up Mt. Washington we will go
To get some exercise in the snow.
Then it's off to Vancouver for me
To shop, and eat, and visit, and see.
Granville Island, a great place to be!
Despite the rain
The colours will glow
From produce
and more.
Lunch will be late
And I'll linger and wait
For the lights to come on.
Then back to Nanaimo I will go
Content with my holiday memories, I know!

Fishing
I like fishing with my daddy.
We use a boat on the lake.
We use a rod and lures to hook fish.
The lure tricks the fish. He thinks it is food.
First you cast, next you hook, then you reel in the fish.
My momma cooks at  camp.
I love fishing.

Chargers
This looks like my car.
This is how the Charger looks like with Lambroghini doors.
Chargers have blue lights that are bright.
That is a cool car!
That is how the Charger looks like with 24s.
I like the color red.
This is what my Charger looks like from the side.
The tires are very thin. They are small.
I like this car cause it has a two-tone color.
I like the style of this green car.
The End!

Human Body
The human body is made up of bones, muscles and joints.
Bones are hard but they can crack.
Milk helps our bones stay strong.
If you fall down really hard, you could break a bone.
If we eat yogurt it makes your bones strong.
If we eat cheese, it will help our bones be strong!
Exercise is good for our muscles, bones and joints.
Dancing makes you feel good. It is a form of exercise.
There is a hinge in our knee that makes it bend.
The elbow has a hinge in it as well to help it move.
Our ball and socket joints help us to bend over.
There are over 206 bones in the body.
Good food does the body good.

Everyday mathmatics
8X5=?
40
4X4=?
16
10X10X10=?
1,000
4X11=?
44
2X2=?
4
8X7=?
56
7X7=?
49
2X6=?
12
2X1=?
2
1X1=?
1
1X9=9
2x9=18
3X9=27
4x9=36
5X9=45
6X9=54
7X9=63

Vroom, Vroom
A green motorcycle.
A red motorcycle.
A blue motorcycle.
A yellow motorcycle.
An orange motorcylce.
A flying motorcycle.

Wrestle Mania
So far the Undertaker has had an 18 & 0 record at Wrestlemania and nobody has been able to beat him.
Not even the best wrestlers have been able to beat him at WrestleMania.
And every fan looks forward to wrestlemania to see the Undertaker continue his victorious moves.
Everyone counts down to the day of wrestlemania because a lot of the fans wants to see the Undertaker continue his streak.
Some fans want to see his winning ways at wrestlemania. 
It is the Undertaker’s  strek the greatest streak of all times.
A lot of people want to see it continue.
I hope to see it continue.
I hope to see it continue.
A lot of people want to see it continue.
It will be a good contest  sure to go down in the history of the WWE history of the greatest match of all times.
Take him out!
Everybody is excited for Wrestlemania to begin.

WWE Superstars
The Miz. He is not awesome.
I think he is posing.
Kane is signing autographs.
People fight in the Royal Rumble.
John Cena is holding the Championship belt.
Randy Orton is waiting for a match.
Jerry the King Lawler is ready to announce.
Kelly Kelly is ready for a match.
Edge is going to be beating up somebody.
Stacy Kebler is trying to interfere. God knows what she is going to do to interfere.
Mr. Kennedy is ready for his interview.
Santino Morella is ready for a match.

About me
I dream of driving a tank some day.
Owning this car would be so cool.
Living here would awesome.
Some day when I'm older I want to own my own business.
My hobby is playing video games.
My other hobby is swimming with friends or family.
I love spaghetti.
We do a lot of family vacations.
We drive all over the United States.
This is me

Community Helpers
Our Town's Community Helpers
A fireman works to put out fires.
A teacher works with children to help them learn.
A doctor helps us when we are sick.
A chef cooks food in a restaurant.
A policeman helps to keep us safe.
A dentist fixes our teeth.
A farmer helps to grow food.
Thank you to my community helpers for working in my town.

Cleaning Crew
I will get the supplies for cleaning.
I will get the paper towels.
I will get the spray.
I will get the carpet cleaner.
Window cleaner and carpet cleaner are both cleaning tools.
I will get the gloves.
I will put them on the cleaning cart.
A tool that helps me reach high places is a ladder.
I work sweeping and cleaning windows at an apartment building. What is my job?
My job is in houskeeping.

Road to WrestleMania
The road to WrestleMania.
The first stop 
is the Royal Rumble.
Alberto Del Roi won the Royal Rumble.
Smackdown has an Elimination Chamber match. Who ever wins main events goes to WrestleMania.
Raw does too.
The Miz vs The King for the WWE champion.
Edge and clay Matthews are both athletes.
The Rock is back! He is the host of WrestleMania.
The Elimination Chamber is the second deadliest match.
The Undertaker fights Triple H.
WrestleMania is hosted at the Georgetown Dome.
The Hall of Fame show is the Saturday before WrestleMania.
WrestleMania is a four hour show on pay-per-view.
John Cena is the number one guy.

Home Safety
We need to know what to do to keep ourselves safe when we are working around the house.
If your bagel gets stuck in the toaster you have to get it out but ...
don't stick a fork in the toaster if it is plugged in.
Pull the plug out of the outlet first.
When the toaster is unplugged it is safe to get the stuck bagel out.
Can you point to the toaster?
If the lightbulb burns out in your lamp you will have to replace it but ...
don't remove the lightbulb until you unplug the lamp.
When the lamp is unplugged it is safe to take out the lightbulb.
Can you point to the lamp?
If your bathroom sink is clogged.
The water will not go down the drain but ...
don't try to stick things in the drain to unclog it. Call a plumber.
Can you point to call a plumber?
Can you think of other things you need to know to stay safe around the house?

Push the Button
I can make things work by pushing a button.
I push the button on the remote control and the TV comes on.
Can you point to the TV?
If the show makes me sad or scrared I can push a button to turn the TV off.
Can you point to the TV?
Saturday mornings, I push the button to watch cartoons.
I love watching TV.
Can you point to the TV?
Some doors open with a push of a button.
I push the button and the door opens for me.
Can you point to the door?
Doors that have a button I can push make it easier to open.
If I see a button like one of these I know it will open the door.
Can you point to the door?
Can you think of other buttons we push to make things work?

Sushi
I see love heart sushi at the sushi shop.
I see zuchini sushi at the sushi shop.
I see tiny sushi at the sushi shop.
I see gigantic sushi at the sushi shop.
I see snoopy sushi at the sushi shop.
I see a sushi cake at the sushi shop.
I see lots of sushi at the sushi shop.
I see bunny sushi at the sushi shop.
I see sushi on a ring at the sushi shop.

Rainbows
Rainbows are pretty.
Red is the first color of the rainbow. Apples are Red.
Orange is the second color of the Rainbow.  Carrots are orange.
Yellow is the third color of the rainbow.  Lemons are yellow.
Green is the fourth color of the rainbow.  Grass is green.
Blue is the fifth color of the rainbow.  M&M's can be blue.
Indigo is the 6th color of the rainbow.  Eggplants are indigo.
Violet is the last color of the rainbow.  Flowers can be violet.
I like to have rainbow sprinkles on my ice cream!
Legend has it that you can find a Leprechaun's gold at the end of a rainbow.
Rainbows are delicious!

The Lego Men
The lego men walked.
The lego men pulled the masks off.
The lego men watched.
The lego men climbed.
The lego men waited.
The lego men talked.
The lego men looked.
The lego men yelled.
The lego men played.
The lego men jumped.

Do you see a chef?
Do you see a chef? No this is a statue!
Do you see a chef in the restaurant? Yes, this chef is cooking with fire.
Do you see a chef in the restaurant? Yes this chef is chopping.
Do you see a chef in the restaurant? Yes this chef has sharp knives!
Do you see a chef in the restaurant? No this chef is drinking outside.
Do you see a chef in the restaurant? Do this chef is cooking out on the BBQ!
Do you see a chef in the restaurant? Yes, this chef is cooking tuna.
Do you see a chef in the restaurant? No this is a bear!

A Day at the Farm
I see a barn at the farm.
I see chickens at the farm.
I see horses at the farm.
I see goats at the farm.
I see pigs at the farm.
I see cows at the farm.
I see sheep at the farm.
I see a tractor at the farm.
I see corn at the farm.
I see tomatoes at the farm.

My Disney Marathon
My 2011 Disney Marathon
Here we go!  The start of the most magical race in the world.
First I ran through Mexico and Norway in EPCOT.
Next, I made the nine miles to the Magic Kingdom.
At Magic Kingdom, I ran through Cinderella's castle where I was treated like a princess.
Next, I was off to meet up with Mickey at the Animal Kingdom.  We danced to some fun jungle music from Mickey's parade.
I met all kinds of monsters and heroes in Hollywood Studios.
Then, it was back to EPCOT for the finish.
Finally, I completed the most magical race!

Things Can Change
Things can change. Tomatoes grow on a plant but ...
Things can change. We can pick the tomatoes off of the plant and ...
then cook them in a pot.
When they are cooked tomatoes change into ketchup.
Can you point to the picture of ketchup?
What do you like to put ketchup on?
Can you point to the picture of ketchup?
Things can change.  Potatoes grow in the ground but ...
Things can change. We can pull the potatoes out of the ground and ...
cook them in a fryer.
When they are cooked potatoes change into french fries.
Can you point to the french fries?
What do you like to put on your french fries?
Can you point to the french fries?

Dead Space
Dead Space is very scary. Do not play this game alone.
It's scary because of how the zombie's look and how they sneak up on you.
The zombies look scary in the light.
The zombies look even scarier up close.
Dead Space is a tricky game because the zombies are fast and come out of nowhere.

Chihuahua Puppies
Chihuahuas play with you.
They never let us sleep because they bark at night.
Chihuahuas know when you are upset.
They will comfort you when you are sad.
They follow you around different places.
When they are puppies, they do not walk.
They like to lay down.
Chihuahuas can cry.
They can also get mad.
Some chihuahuas are scary.
I use to have three chihuahuas. But one died.
I am going to miss my puppy, Esa.

Drazic's Animal Book
cat
tiger
koala
bird
giraffe

Growing Up
We all grow up.
When you are born, you are a baby.
You grow into a little girl.
Each year you grow.
You will grow taller.
Your body will change.
You may have to wear a bra.
You will grow body hair.
You may start your period. This means when you go to the bathroom you may see blood.
When you see blood in the stool or on your underpants, do not worry. Do not be scared. It is alright.
Tell someone like your mom, your dad or your teacher. They will help you.

I Is For
I is for Ice Cream. Ice Cream makes the _______sound.
I is for Igloo. Igloo makes the ________ sound.
I is for Iron. Iron makes the _____sound.
I is for Iguana. Iguana makes the ________sound.
I is for Ink. Ink makes the _________ sound.
I is for Iowa. Iowa makes the _______ sound.
I is for insect. Insect makes the ________ sound.
I is for ill. Ill makes the ______ sound.
The End.

Apples are Delicious
Apples are Delicious
Apples grow on trees.
You can make apple juice from apples.
You can make dessert from apples.
Apples are good for you!

Football and Baseball
I like the Minnesota Vikings.
Brett Farve is my favorite player.
I also like the Minnesota  Twins.
Joe Mauer is my favorite player.

Apples are Good For You
Slices of apples are easier to eat.
Some apples are red.
Other apples come in many colors.
yum!

All About Fruit
Apples are good to eat. Some are sour, some are sweet.
Oranges are for you and me. They have lots of Vitamin C.
Bananas are so good for you. Monkeys eat them at the zoo.
Watermelon tastes so good. I'd eat it everyday if I could.
Grapes are small and fun to eat. They are a very tasty treat.
Peaches are for you and I. Eat them plain or in a pie.
Strawberries are sweet and red. I like jam on my bread.
Kiwi is a tropical fruit. It's small, fuzzy and cute.

bunnies are awsome elysa
This is a bunny when it is wet. Did you know that bunnies are really good swimmers?
Wolves are one of rabbit's natural predators.
This is a natural spot for a bunny to hang out.
This is a real gaint rabbit. It is one of the largst breed of rabbits.

100th day of school
People do arts and crafts!
People love to eat food!
People love Zero the Hero!
I wonder if I can eat all the cupcakes!

Vacation!
We have no school during vacation.
Vacation is about fun and family time.
Brandon is going snow shoeing at home.
Brianna is going to work with dad.
Kylie is going to play with her dog Watson.
Lauryn is going to get her nails done with  mom.
Jacob is going to play x- box.
Jayda is going to watch movies.

lemma likes cooking in the day
This house is made of colour and gingerbread.
This is a busy kitchen.
This gingerbread was made with an icing face.
She is busy collecting veggies.
This is dessert made with lemon curd.
Gngerbread boy!
This pasta is made with sauce and ham.

TREE-O
In Ireland there was a tree.
The beautifulest tree that you ever did see!
And the tree was in the ground.
And the green grass grew all around, all around, and the green grass grew all around. O...
And on that tree there was a branch.
The beautifulest branch that you ever did see!
And the branch was on the tree.
And the tree was in the ground.
And the green grass grew all around, all around, and the green grass grew all around. O...
And on that branch there was a nest.
The beautifulest nest that you ever did see!
And the nest was on the branch.
And the branch was on the tree.
And the tree was in the ground.
And the green grass grew all around, all around, and the green grass grew all around. O...
And in that nest there was an egg.
The beautifulest egg that you ever did see!
And the egg was in the nest.
And the nest was on the branch.
And the branch was on the tree.
And the tree was in the ground.
And the green grass grew all around, all around, and the green grass grew all around. O...
And in that egg there was a bird.
The beautifulest bird that you ever did see!
And the bird was in the egg.
And the egg was in the nest.
And the nest was on the branch.
And the branch was on the tree.
And the tree was in the ground.
And the green grass grew all around, all around, and the green grass grew all around. O...
And on that bird there was a wing.
The beautifulest wing that you ever did see!
And the wing was on the bird.
And the bird was in the egg.
And the egg was in the nest.
And the nest was on the branch.
And the branch was on the tree.
And the tree was in the ground.
And the green grass grew all around, all around, and the green grass grew all around. O...
And on that wing there was a bug.
The beautifulest bug that you ever did see!
And the bug was on the wing.
And the wing was on the bird.
And the bird was in the egg.
And the egg was in the nest.
And the nest was on the branch.
And the branch was on the tree.
And the tree was in the ground.
And the green grass grew all around, all around, and the green grass grew all around. O...
And on that bug there was a smile.
The beautifulest smile that you ever did see!
And the smile was on the bug.
And the bug was on the wing.
And the wing was on the bird.
And the bird was in the egg.
And the egg was in the nest.
And the nest was on the branch.
And the branch was on the tree.
And the tree was in the ground.
And the green grass grew all around, all around, and the green grass grew all around.
And the green grass grew all around, all around, and the green grass grew all around!
Traditional arr. www.christinebarton.net. Used by permission.
Chris is playing a 5 string banjo on this song.

Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day is on February 14th.
We celebrate with hearts.
Sometimes we celebrate with candy hearts.
We celebrate with flowers.

A Day to Remember, The Band
Hey, what's up? This is A Day To Remember.
This is the lead singer. His name is Jeremy McKinnon.
I think he is a really good singer.
At their live shows, people go crazy.
And 'Their Name Was Treason' is one of their albums.
'Home Sick' is one out of four albums.
My favorite album is the newest one called 'What Separates Me From You.'
I have also listened to 'For Those Who Have Heart.'
The rest of the band is about to play a live show.
I wish I was in an album picture.
This is a crazy live show. I really want to see them.
They sign autographs after their shows.
Joshua Woodard is the bassist of the band.
Neil Westfall is one of the gutairsts.
This is the drumer Bobby Scruggs. He's really good.
Tom Denney is the  other guitarist.
There are some sweet band t- shirts.
This is a cool t-shirt. I would buy it.
This is A Day to Remember on a magizine.
They're on tv. These guys are a great band. Go on Youtube to look them up!

To Mommy and Daddy
This heart is for you.
I love you.
This candy heart means I love you.
This candy is for you Mommy and Daddy.
This heart is my love.
We love Mommy and Daddy.

Superman
Superman to the rescue.
Superman is strong.
Superman is nice.
Superman flies.
Superman to the rescue.
Superman is cool.
Superman is fun.
Superman is my friend.
Superman to the rescue.
Superman is a hero.
Superman is helpful.
Superman is friendly.

Tinkerbell
Tinkerbell left fairy dust in the jar.
Tinkerbell met her new friend.
Tinkerbell got her picture.
Peter Pan got Tinkerbell.
A fairy laid on a leaf.
Tinkerbell stood by the tree.

In Front and Behind
In Front and Behind
The kids are in front of the castle.
The motorcycle is in front of the car.
The kids are sitting in front of the T.V.
The girl is in front of the boy in the green shirt.
The dog is hiding behind the tree.
The girl is behind the magazine.
The tiger is behind the leaves.
The girl is behind the fence.

Candylicious From Krista
This Cake is delicious I want to share it with you.
I want to build you a chocolate castle.
These lips are made for kissing.
These lips are to die for.
These Cookies are scrumptious.
I love Betty and Louis, my Mom and Dad.

Talk About Pictures!
What is happening here?
This is so cute!
What are they doing?
What do you hear?
Who is winning?
Is this penguin really flying?
Where are they going?
Wow!
That looks like fun.
What do you think she is eating?
It is nice to help.
Everyone needs help sometimes.
Nice picture!

Water
Water is going every way.
Here is a heart in the water.
Here is a waterfall.
There is purple water.
There is a tiger in the water.
Penguins like to swim in the water.
You can jump off and swim.
There is a carved heart in the sand.
You can get hurt.
Some brids grab food from water.
Some boats go on water.

The Letter V
This is the Letter V.
V is for vest.
V is for violin.
V is for vase.
V is for van.
V is for village.
V is for volcano.
V is for vulture.
This is the letter V.

Traniece's Favorite Animals
I like brown
dogs!
I like brown
mice!
I like orange
cats!
I like eagles!
I like
butterflies!
I like
rattlesnakes!

Batman is a Super Hero!
Batman is very mysterious
Robin is a crusader for JUSTICE
The Batmobile is awesome
Cat Woman creates Kaos
Watch out for Two Face!
The Penguine gets away!!
Poison Ivy is Dangerous
The Riddler is very tricky
Batman saves the day

Love Somebody
Love somebody, yes, I do.
Love somebody, but I won't say who.
Love somebody, yes, I do.
Love somebody and it might be...
YOU!
Love somebody, yes, I do.
Love somebody, but I won't say who.
Love somebody, yes, I do.
Love somebody and it might be...
YOU!
Love somebody, yes, I do.
Love somebody, but I won't say who.
Love somebody, yes, I do.
Love somebody and it might be...
YOU!
Love somebody and it might be...
YOU!
Love somebody and it might be...
YOU!
Or you....
Or you...
Traditional arranged www.christinebarton.net used by permission.

Our Class Rules
Last September the students were given an assignment.
"I want you students to write the rules for our class." the teacher said.
The students talked about it and made six classroom rules.
1. Listen to staff
2. Safe hands
3. Respect personal space (their bubble)
4. Have good language
5. Respect others' stuff (For example, don't mess with school books or others' books)
6. Do your school work
Then the students put the rules and their pictures on the wall.
The teacher told the students, "You did a better job of making class rules than I could have done."
After working together well then we can relax.
I wish the rules also said "It WILL get warm soon!"

India
India has many beautiful places to see.
I love their smiling faces.
India is a busy place.
Religion is important to many people.
Kids love to have their picture taken.
What do you think she's doing?
It can get very crowded.
The colours are beautiful.
Women sometimes carry heavy loads on their heads.
Peek-a-boo!
Beautiful architecture.
The Golden Temple is a sight to see.

Colors
The red flower.
The orange pumpkin.
The yellow fish.
The green grass.
The blue sky.
The purple car.
The brown dog.
The black cat.

Prepositions
The cat is in the basket.
The dog is beside the cat.
The dog is on the chair.
The bird is over the city.
The bird is under the car.
The dog jumps over the fence.
The pig is in the middle of the road.
The cat is hiding behind his paws.T
The dog is in the front of the bus.

Monster Trucks and Cars
Monster trucks have huge shocks.
They compete in rallies.
They are cool!
They can do back flips.
They can so wheelies over cars.
This car has flames on it.
The monster trucks are very loud!
Monster trucks are awesome!

Logan's Book
Logan
Logan starts with L
Logan, L, O. This is an O
Logan, L, O, G. Point to the G.
Logan, L, O, G, A. Find the A.
Logan, L, O, G, A, N. Great Job!

Listen Close Now
Drive to California.
Don't depend on others for your happiness, find it within yourself.
Eat banana and peanut butter sandwiches.
Read Walt Whitman.
Dance, it heals the soul.
Spend time with your grandparents.
Laugh the kind of laugh that makes your abs hurt.
Take time to listen.
Dream big.
Be kind to everyone, no matter where they came from.
Love all, trust a few.
Pay it forward.

Food Words
Food Words
Chicken nuggets
Sandwich
Cheese
Chicken
Salad
Pickle
Strawberry
Sundae
Ice Cream
Ice Cream Cone
Hot Dog
Bacon
Tomato
Fish
Ketchup
Mustard
Taco
Hamburger
Iced Tea
Hot Fudge
Pop
Turkey
Cheeseburger
French Fries
Pizza

Force
What is force?
It can be a push...
or a pull.
A force can slow something down...
or speed something up.
There can be very little force...
Or a lot of force.
Change in direction...
is caused by force.

Who Am I?
I am a vertebrate.
I am covered with fur.
I lay eggs.
I live in Australia.
I have a tail like a beaver.
I have a duckbill.
Who am I?
I am a platypus.

It 's hard to leave the nest!
Sometimes it is hard to leave the nest.
My brothers and sisters are there.
My friends are near.
My mom is there.
I want to stay with my mom because she takes me places.
She talks to me.
Sometimes we swim.
Sometimes we walk.
When I am hungry, she gives me food.
So when it is time to go to school, I don't want to leave.
I don't like to leave my bed.
But in the mornings, my mom makes me.
When I get to school, I have fun.
My teachers help me, but...
sometimes I want to yell because I rather be in my nest with my family.
But today I will be like the other kids at school.
I will not yell.
I will be friendly to others.
I will be brave.
I will have fun,
because I know that I will soon be back in my nest again.

Legos
The soldiers are talking.
The soldier is in the pylon suit.
Indiana Jones is at the beach.
The new Ghostbusters rifle.
The Lego attack helicopter.
The First Aid station.
This is called the Snow helicopter.
This is called the Terran Marine.

Hockey by Cas
Hockey is played in an arena.
My favourite team is the Vancouver Canucks.
I hope they win the Stanley Cup.
This is a red arena with lots of people watching hockey.
The goalie is trying to not let the puck in the net.
Hockey is fun!

Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day is my favorite holiday.
I love getting hugs on Valentine's Day.
I love giving a heart shaped box of chocolates to my mom for Valentine's Day.
I love getting cards for Valentine's Day.
I love Valentine's flowers.
I love giving candy hearts to my friends for Valentine's Day.
I love Valentine's Day so I can tell my family and friends that I love them!

Vertebrate Riddle
What am I?
I am a fish.
I live in the ocean.
I am orange and white.
I live in an anemone.
I lay jellylike eggs.
What am I?
I am a clownfish!

Chimpanzees Like To Play
Chimpanzees ROCK!
They like to sit in the nice, warm sun.
They like to ride bicycles.
They like to hug.
The like to climb.
And they have fun on the computer.

Happy Valentine's Day!
We made a Valentine's book for you...
about owls.
These are different kinds of owls.
This owl has fluffy ears
This owl has polka dot ears
This is a paper owl
Whooooo loves you?
We DO!
We hope your Valentine's Day ROCKS!
Love: 
Claire, Jacob and Sawyer

Old Days
the old days...
A little girl in her bed.
A lady going home to pray all day and all night.
An old train.
A farm school house.

In The 1800's
A university
school.
An old picture of   a  lady.
A lady petting a horse.
A person in a dress.
A carriage horse.

The 13 Colonies
A colonial old house
A man with a horse.
How mail got around
painted picture
school
A park
A new house
an old park
a picture of old time
a grave
old apartment
old money

Life in the Old Days
An old road with the mailman delivering mail on horse and buggy.
A park back in colonial times.
A family portrait, painted, not from a camera.
How people used to farm.
The dishes in someone's cabinet.
An old schoolhouse.

Colonial Life
This is a baby in a dress that is pretty.
This is a women in her wedding dress and holding a bouquet of flowers.
This is a blue dress with a white hem.
This is an old  tractor and a barn behind it.
This is an old typewriter that was used to type.
This is a school in the old times that only boys went to.

Happy Birthday and Valentine's Day, Grandmama!
For your birthday, we made you a book.
It has purple flowers...
since your favorite color is purple.
We hope you have a happy birthday!
And a Happy Valentine's Day!
We love you!
Love, Jacob, Claire and Sawyer

Mom's Valentine
Mom's Valentine
Happy Valentine's Day Mom!
I love when she tucks me in bed.
I love her cooking.
I love her snuggles.
I love her kisses.
I love when she holds my hand.
I love when she takes care of me.
I love when she shares her treats with me.
I love my mom!

Where am I?
Where am I?
Brown pelicans
are resting,
and swimming,
and flying by.
Cypress trees
are growing out of the water
in the swamps
where the alligators live.
An old paddlewheel boat is floating
on the Mississippi River.
People here love to eat seafood--jumbo shrimp, fried catfish, raw oysters, soft-shelled crabs,
and boiled crawfish!
Growing on farms are cotton plants,
rice plants,
and sugar cane.
The 24 mile long Causeway Bridge, longest in the world, crosses Lake Pontchartrain.
In Jackson Square is a very old and very beautiful church called St. Louis Cathedral.
The Saints play football in the Superdome.
People can ride trolleys or streetcars here.
Magnolia trees have pretty flower blossoms here.
People like to visit the old plantation homes here
and see the Spanish Moss hanging from the live oak trees.
Now can you tell me where I am?

Mardi Gras in Louisiana
Mardi Gras in Louisiana
Mardi Gras is a fun time in Louisiana.
Many people dress in colorful costumes,
and beautiful costumes,
and funny costumes.
Some people wear masks,
but they aren't scary.
The streets are crowded with thousands of people who want to see the parade.
They want to hear the marching bands
with drummers
and tuba players.
There are bagpipers
and Clydesdale horses.
There are dancers and baton twirlers.
The parades also have beautiful floats.
The floats have riders in costumes throwing treats to the people on the street.
Each parade has a King or Queen.
Hey, throw me something mister!
We like to catch beads and doubloons.
Many beads get caught in the trees and we can't reach them!
During Mardi Gras, we always eat King Cake.
If you get the piece with the plastic baby inside, you are the lucky one. But don't eat the baby!
Mardi Gras in Louisiana is a very special time.

Valentines
Valentines
On February 14th, we celebrate Valentine's Day.
Some people give Valentine cards.
Some people make their own Valentine cards.
Grownups love Valentine cards made by kids.
Some people buy Valentine flowers to give.
Some people pick flowers to give for Valentines.
Some people give Valentine candy.
Delicious.
Some people cannot eat candy because it makes them get sick. Awww.
Some people give other kinds of Valentine gifts...
even silly gifts...
or funny gifts...
or one-of-a-kind gifts...
or a very surprising gift.
But the best gift of all is LOVE.
The End

Camping by Kurtis
We go to beautiful places.
It is cool to camp and eat outside.
We get to play outside.
We also can go boating.
This is a beautiful river that we went whitewater rafting.
We see deers.
We hiked down by this lake.
We also camp in our fifth wheel.
We enjoy fishing.
We see rainbows all the time.

Amos Likes Wolves
The wolf is howling and calling out his friends names.
I'm a wolf too and I like howling.
Wolves are friendly.
The wolf is walking to see me so we can play.
Wolves live in a family like me.
I love wolves!

How To Make Egg Salad
How to Make Egg Salad
First, put the eggs in a pot with water.
Put the pot on the stove.
Boil the eggs for ten minutes.
Take the eggs out of the pot, add them to a bowl with water and ice.
Crack and peel the eggs.
Cut up the eggs.
Put the chopped eggs in a bowl.
Add some mayo.
A drop of mustard.
Add a pinch of salt and a dash of pepper.
Onion powder to taste.
Mix together with a spoon.
Chill in the refrigerator...
...and enjoy your delicious egg salad!

Day Sky
Day Sky
I see the sun in the day sky.
Do you see the sun?
I see clouds in the day sky.
Do you see clouds?
I see an airplane in the day sky.
Do you see the airplane?
I see birds in the day sky.
Do you see the bird?
I see a hot air balloon in the day sky.
Do you see the balloon?
I see a rainbow in the day sky.
Do you see the rainbow?
Have a great day!

Night Sky
Night Sky
I see the moon in the night sky.
Do you see the moon?
I see stars in the night sky.
Do you see stars?
I see fireworks in the night sky.
Do you see fireworks?
Good night.

Things in Mrs. Neal's Class
There is a picture of a parrot in Mrs. Neal's class.
There is lollipop in Mrs. Neal's class.
There are computers in Mrs. Neal's class.
There is drinking water in Mrs. Neal's class.

Deep in the Heart of Texas
Deep in the Heart of Texas
The stars at night
Are big and bright
Deep in the heart of Texas.
The prairie sky
Is wide and high
Deep in the heart of Texas.

Sea Cows
Sea cows are ugly but gentle animals.
They are 10 feet long.
They are gray.
Sea cows grunt.
They have beady eyes and mustaches.
They get sunburned.
They live in Florida.
They take care of their babies.

Jakob's Mad Day
Jakob was mad when he came to school.
He was fighting with his brother.
He didn't want to do his work.
He was throwing things in the classroom.
He told the teacher sorry.
He did his work.
Jakob got to play his guitar.
Jakob was happy he had earned his reward.

MA daily fun
making pizza
pouring milk for pancakes
Splish Splash I was taking a bath
Happy Days!
Loopy Loo
Tiny Bubbles
walking on sunshine
FREEZE FRAME!
Rock around the clock!!!
The Lion Sleeps Tonight
Up Up and Away
Rubber Ducky
Crazy
The Wheels on The Bus
The Boy From New York City
Lollipop
Dancing In The Street
Rock on!
Back in Black
Stray Cat Strut

I like to eat.
I like to eat.
I feel hungry.
I like pizza.
I like hamburgers.
I like ice cream.
I like candy.
I like cookies.
I like chocolate.
I like French fries.
I want to go to McDonald's!
I like eggs.
I feel thirsty.
I like tea.
I like grape juice.
I like chocolate milk.
I love Mountain Dew!

U.S. Stamps
U.S. Stamps
The USPS makes America’s stamps.
They will make 70 new stamps this year.
Stamps will cost 44 cents at the post office.
Every stamp will be a Forever Stamp.
Forever stamps are good forever.
Watch for the new stamps in 2011.
The stamps will honor: the Lunar New Year,
President Reagan,
jazz music
and much more.
Text from News-2-You simplified version.

The Hunt
Ready or not, here I come.
You better listen.
You better run.
Please listen.
These are hitch hikers.
I see you.
Get off me.
Here I come.
I found you.
Got you.

Lego by Cas
The soldiers are talking.
The soldier is in the pylon suit.
Indiana Jones is at the beach.
The new Ghostbusters rifle.
The Lego attack helicopter.
The battle First Aid station.
This is called the Snow helicopter.
This is called the Terran Marine.

I Love Dolphins
I Love Dolphins. They are gentle and playful.
Dolphins swim in the ocean.
Dolphins are mammals. They gather in pods.
Most Dolphins swim free in the tropical ocean waters.
Some Dolphins are kept in animal parks and zoos.
I have loved going to the Sea World to see them swim and jump.
As much as I love to visit them.I really wish all Dolphins could be in the wild to swim where ever they want to go.
Dolphins love to jump and play,
This Mama swims with her baby.
Dolphins like to eat fish.
One of the best things to do in the whole world is swimming with Dolphins.
If you are ever lucky enough to see a dolphin out in the wild don't be afraid. Dolphins are you friends.

The Great Lakes
The Great Lakes are a collection of freshwater lakes located in northeastern North America.
There five Great Lakes. Their names are Lake Superior, Michigan, Huron, Erie, and Ontario.
They form the largest group of freshwater lakes on Earth by total surface and volume.
The great lakes are home to many types of fish.
It is important to keep the Great Lake clean and free of pollutants.
This way the many species of wildlife dependent upon the lakes can thrive.

Dirt Bikes Race Cool
Dirt bikes are cool to race!
They come in lots of colours.
They go off jumps!
They go fast!
They are noisy.
They can go up in the air!
I want to go in a race one day.

Kimberly's Valentine Book
A book about love.
We give hugs for Valentine's day.
We give kisses for Valentine's Day.
We give candy for Valentine's Day.
We give cards for Valentine's Day.
Valentine's Day is about love.
I love my friends. They are my Valentines.
Happy Valentine's Day! Love, Kimberly!

Nemmo's Valentine Book
A book about Valentine's Day
I like to eat candy on Valentine's Day.
I make cards for my friends.
Valentine's Day is about love.
I love bulldozers.
I love music.
I love my friends! They are my Valentines.
I love my family! They are my Valentines!
Happy Valentine's Day! Love, Nemmo.

Hannah's Valentine
A book about Valentine's Day
Flowers are a pretty Valentine.
I like pink flowers!
I eat chocolate for Valentine's Day.
I make cards for my friends.
I love my friends. They are my Valentines.
I love my sister. She is my Valentine.
I love my Dad. He is my Valentine.
I love my Mom! She is my Valentine.
Happy Valentine's Day! Love, Hannah!

Jada's Valentine
Happy Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day is a special day to me.
It's my birthday!
We will celebrate with cake, candy
and...ice cream!
I will let my friends know how I feel.
I am happy to celebrate Valentine's Day and my birthday with them.
I love my friends! They are my Valentines.
I love my teacher! She is my Valentine.
Happy Valentine's Day! Love, Jada!

Elway the Boxer
In a far far away place called New Jersey, there is a Boxer named Elway.
He was very small as a puppy, but his family picked him anyways.
He lives with a cat named Leo, and they get along...most of the time.
Elway is a very curious dog, and tends to get into trouble!
Elway also hates going swimming!
He would much rather play catch...
or eat a steak!
Even though Elway is a very silly dog, he is a great dog!

Doggone it!
Cookie came to our house at 3 months of age.
Topaz was scared of him.
But Mango couldn't care less.
He ate my shoes.
He rummaged through my bins.
But I still love him!

Super Tooth
Super Tooth
There are lots of vegetables.
Vegetables are good for your teeth. They make your teeth stronger.
Cake is not good for your teeth.
It can cause cavities. Cavities are bad.
Fruit is a good snack. It is good for your teeth. They make your teeth stronger.
Candy is not good for your teeth.
Yogurt and milk are good for your teeth. They make your teeth strong and white.
Milk fruits and vegetables make teeth feel super.

Food and Candy
I love food.
Cupcakes yum,yum.
Chocolates, can I have one?
Pretty and delicious
One of my favorites.
I've got my eyes on you.
It gets better and better.
Ah!
I'm about to lose control.
Oh! my gosh.
Finally! I Love Food!

Teaching Special Children
Children love to read.
Children love to swim.
Children love to run.
Children love hugs.
Children love to race.
Children love to have fun.
Children love to laugh.
Children love to explore.
Children love ice cream.
Children love to be happy.

LET'S SING!
Everyone can sing.
Women can sing.
Men can sing.
Children can sing.
Kermit can sing.
Birds can definitely sing.
Did you know cats can sing?
Dogs sometimes like to sing.
Even hippos sing...I think.
You can sing gospel.
You can sing jazz.
You can sing happy birthday.
You can sing the national anthem.
You can sing a lullaby.
You can sing Christmas carols.
You can sing on your own.
You can sing in a choir.
You can sing for one person.
You can sing for an audience.
Families can sing together.
You can sing at school.
You can sing outdoors.
You can sing at church.
You can sing in a hospital to help people feel better.
Alright already!  Enough with the singing!

Bus Drivers.  By, Mrs. Egan
Bus Drivers are community helpers
School bus drivers keep us safe.
Bus drivers bring students to school.
My bus driver is very nice.

Firemen.  By, Mrs. Egan
Firemen are community helpers.
Firemen put out fires.
Firemen keep us safe.
A fireman's job is very dangerous.

The Hudson Bay
The Hudson Bay is a large body of water in northeastern Canada.
It is the second largest bay in the world.
The Hudson Bay was named by the English after explorer Henry Hudson.
He discovered the bay in 1610 on his ship the “Discovery.”
While exploring the uncharted land he found many animals in the region. He found Polar Bears,
Arctic Fox,
Rabbits,
and Squirrels.
The abundance of animals led to trade with the British and the Cree Indians.
The Hudson Bay Company (HBC) was born and became a major supplier of fur for the British.
Ships were sent to Great Britian and the Hudson Bay became famous for the fur trade.
Today ships still travel through the Hudson Bay bringing imports and exports to the region.

Happy Valentine's Day
For Valentine's Day, we made you a book about Brie.
She is a sweet dog.
She likes to run in the grass
She likes you to pet her.
She likes to run in the leaves.
She likes to go on trips.
She's always happy to see you!
Happy Valentine's Day, Aunt Janne!!  We love you (and Brie too)!

Justin Bieber
Justin Bieber
He is a singer.
He is a dancer.
He has a sister that is 2 years old.
He is a boy.
He sings a song called "Baby".
Selena Gomez is his friend.
He is 16 years old.
He is my favorite singer.

KK Gets Big
A bug lands on KK's head. It makes KK big.
KK has to go live in the ocean because he is too big for his bowl.
A goldfish follows KK. It makes KK get lost. KK eats the goldfish.
KK tries to find his way home. He has to fight a shark.
KK is captured by a fisherman.
The fisherman builds a giant fish bowl and puts it at Justin's house.
KK lives in the giant bowl at Justin's house. Justin is happy.

Alisha's Alphabet
A is for apple.
B is for bat.
C is for cat.
D is for dog.
E is for elephant.
F is for fish.
G is for goat.
H is for horse.
I is for igloo.
J is for jar.
K is for kangaroo.
L is for lollipop.
M is for monkey.
N is for nest.
O is for octopus.
P is for pot.
Q is for queen.
R is for rabbit.
S is for snake.
T is for tiger.
U is for umbrella.
V is for violin.
W is for wagon.
X is for x-ray.
Y is for yo-yo.
Z is for zebra.

Patrick
I see the letter P.
I see the letter A.
I see the letter T.
I see the letter R.
I see the letter I.
I see the letter C.
I see the letter K.
P is for Puppy.
A is for Aligator.
T is for Transformer.
R is for Race car.
I is for Ice Cream.
C is for Chocolate Chip Cookies.
K is for Kites.

Animals at the Zoo
Zebras
Giraffes
Monkeys
Tigers
Polar bears
Birds
Ducks
Turtles
Penguins

Work First, Then Play
At school we work.
I write.
I do math.
I read and listen to books.
My friends are trying to work too. If I am quiet, they can do their work and I can do mine.
If I sit quietly and do my work, then I can play on the computer.
Or, I can draw or make something.
I will try to be quiet and finish my work.

TGIF!
It's Friday and you know what that means!
FOOTBALL!!
We will hear the school fight song after each class period!
Usually we have our Pep Rally during last period.
The band plays!
The cheerleaders lead the yells!
The drill team dances!
The football players walk out to the cheers of everyone!
However, Today James is in trouble.
He did not do what the teacher asked him to do.
That means he wont be able to go to the Pep Rally, unless.
He starts doing his class work.
He wont be able to sit with Sarah, his girlfriend, at the Pep Rally.
Sarah will be mad at him too.
Slowly through the day, James started doing his work.
His teacher allowed him to make his decision on his behavior. And he chose to do all of his work.
James is happy because now he can go to the Pep rally.
More importantly, Sarah is happy too.
The Pep Rally was Awesome!

My Trip
I want to go on a trip.
I want to go somewhere hot.
I want to go to a desert. I will go to Arizona.
I want to go somewhere cold.
I want to go ice fishing. I will go to Minnesota.
I want to go somewhere warm.
I want to go to the beach. I will go to South Carolina.
I want to go somewhere hot.
I want to go to a ranch. I will go to Texas.
I want to go somewhere cold.
I want to go skiing. I will go to Colorado.
I want to go somewhere warm.
I want to go to a park. I will go to California.
I loved going on my trip.

Ways to get around!
There are taxis.
There are buses.
Float in a balloon.
Float on a gondola.
Fly an airplane.
Fly a helicopter.
Ride a bicycle.
Ride a motorcycle.
Drive a car.
Drive a motorboat.
Take the cable car.
Take the train.
You could walk.
You could run.

Shoes For Stan
Shoes For Stan
A polar bear named Stan lived in a igloo.
Stan decided to go for a walk. He found socks that match and said "Wait a minute I need shoes that match."
So Stan checked his cereal box and said, "Oh, I think I found some."
"Ta da!"
"Wait a minute. These shoes don't match."
So he checked outside. "Oh I think I found some."
The End.

What Animals Do
Dogs run and play.
Zebras walk and run.
Cows run, walk and eat grass.
Butterflies fly.
Frogs hop.
Tigers roar, eat and run.
Birds fly.
Deer run.
Owls fly.

I See Animals                         By Mrs. Venem
I see a cat.
I see a frog
I see a horse.
I see a dog.
I see a pig.
I see a duck.
I see a turtle.
I see a shark.
What do you see?

Under One Sky
Under One Sky ~ by Chris Barton
Under one sky there are oceans deep.
Under one sky there are mountains steep.
Under one sky they are all a part of everything.
Under one sky there's a baby's cry.
Under one sky, a mother's lullaby.
Under one sky we are all a part of everything.
And when we look up from wherever we are.
We see one sun.
One moon.
And a million, billion, trillion, zillion stars.
Under one sky.
(oboe solo)
Under one sky some use hands to talk.
Under one sky some need help to walk.
Under one sky we are all a part of everything.
Under one sky there are birds that sing.
Under one sky there are dreams with wings.
Under one sky we are all a part of everything.
And when we look up from wherever we are.
We see one sun.
One moon.
And a million, billion, trillion, zillion stars.
Under one sky.
Under one sky.
Under one sky.
Lyrics and music on TuneUps! ~ www.christinebarton.net used by permission

Hedgehogs
Hedgehogs eat bugs.
They live underground.
They have very small babies.
They also eat grass.
They will also eat tuna fish.
I would like to have a hedgehog for a pet.

Flowers, Flowers Everywhere!
Do you like flowers?
Here is a field of sunflowers.
This is a field of red poppies in Spain.
Holland is known for its fields of tulips.
Do you like Bluebell Forest?
Another summer day in Paris.
Daisies remind me of summer.
Irises are one of my favorite flowers.
A red rose is a symbol of love.
Bees love flowers too!

Where are our bones?
We have over 200 bones all throughout our body.
The Humerus is in our arm.
The Ribs are in our chest.
The Skull is in our head.
The Fibula and Tibia are in our legs.
The carpals are in our hands.
The Radius and Ulna are in our arms.
The Spine is in our back.
The Femur is in our legs.
The tarsals are in our feet.
So many bones!

It's a Puppy by Leanna
My puppies are resting in their bed.
This puppy is cool.
My puppy is in his car seat.
My puppy is in the bath.
My puppy is playing with his friend.
My puppy is making a big mess.
My puppy is pretty.
My puppy loves his friend.
It's my birthday!
I invited a friend to my birthday.
I am at the beach.
My ears are flopping in the wind.
I am outside.
I am relaxing.
I love playing with my puppy. He is fun.

I love Valentine's Day!
I love Valentine's Day!
I love flowers.
I love candy.
I love cake.
I love cookies.
I love chocolates.
I love presents.
I love hugs.
I love kisses.
I love YOU!

Horses Like to Play
These horses are eating grass.
Horses like to run.
Horses drink water.
This is a new-born baby horse.
Horses like to jump over fences.
Some people ride on horses in a parade.
Some horses like to run super fast.

Dish it Up, Baby!
Dish it up, Baby! by Chris Barton
Ice cream is a favorite treat.
It goes down smooth and the taste is sweet.
Chocolate, vanilla, let's head to the store.
Dish it up, baby, I'm ready for more!
Home made is especially nice.
Have you tried sorbet or frozen ice?
Have you ever had a shake too thick to pour?
Dish it up, baby, I'm ready for more!
You can put it in a dish.
Put it on a cone.
Eat it at the store.
Or take it on home.
One scoop, two scoops, three are fine.
But, don't forget your number when you're standing in line!
Who cares about grams of fat?
Calories or stuff like that?
A single, a double, who's keepin' score?
Dish it up, baby, I'm ready for more!
Would you like a sundae?
Or take your pie ala mode?
A strawberry soda?
Or a split for the road?
Someday when you're feelin' low.
Head to the parlor, get a malt to go.
It'll sweeten your day, scoop you off of the floor.
Dish it up, baby, I'm ready for more!
(Build a sundae with SongSisters Chris and Julie)
You can put it in a dish.
You can put it on a cone.
Eat it at the store.
Or, take it on home.
One scoop, two scoops, three are fine.
But, don't forget your number when you're standin' in line.
Someday when you're feelin' low.
Head to the parlor, get a malt to go.
It'll sweeten your day, scoop you off of the floor.
Dish it up, baby, I'm ready for more!
Dish it up, baby!
Dish it up, baby!
Dish it up, baby, I'm ready for more!
Lyrics and music from Hello Sun, Goodnight Moon~www.christinebarton.net used by permission.

Kendra's Caterpillar Life Cycle
This is a caterpillar egg.
After the caterpillar hatches it starts eating and eating until it's full.
Then the caterpillar makes a cocoon.
This is a butterfly when it has just come out of its cocoon.
Then the butterfly dies and the cycle continues.

Caterpillars
Caterpillar eggs are little.
Eggs turn into caterpillars.
They can make cocoons.
They turn into butterflies while inside cocoons.
This is a butterfly.
The end

Life Cycle
Cycle are stages and the first stage of human life is a baby.
The second stage is a child.
So the next stage is a teenager.
Also an adult is before old person.
Then an old person.
Then you die.

The life cycle of a butterfly. By:Marcus
See those white specks? Those are butterfly eggs and the first stage of the butterfly.
This is the second stage of the butterfly life cycle.
This is the third stage of the butterfly life cycle which is the cocoon.
This is a butterfly and the last stage of the butterfly life cycle.

Maya's life cycles
Did you know babies turn into a toddlers.
Then they learn how to walk and write and turn into a kid.
They go to school have friends and then they turn into teenagers.
They start high school after that the final stage is an adult.
They get jobs and get married. Then get a baby and it starts again.

Max's guide of life cycles
Every animal or human has a life cycle.
Every caterpillar has four stages.
Egg, caterpillar, cocoon and butterfly.
After the cocoon a butterfly comes out of it.
This is the end of the book.

Austin's life cycles
All dogs have a life cycle.
They start out as a baby dog. They are mammals so they are born alive.
Baby dogs are called puppies.
Then they turn into an adult dog.
Dogs can grow to be very big!
All dogs have a favorite toy.
They also have a favorite food.

Cute and Funny Dogs
Look at this cute dog.
Isn't he funny.
I'm so tired.
Time to wake up.
I play hide and seek.
Going for a jog.
Smile for the camera.
Gone for a stroll on the beach.
The sun hurts my eyes.
Good bye.

Connor's Life Cycle of a butterfly
First the female lays the eggs.
A caterpillar comes out of the egg. It eats and eats.
Then it turns into a cocoon.
Then it turns into a butterfly.

Teighlors Amazing Life Cycle
Humans start out as a baby and grow up to be a kid.
Babies grow up to be a child.
When a child is 13 they become a teenager.
When a teenager turns 18 they are an adult for the rest of there life.
This is what you look like on your 100th birthday.
That's what I know about human life cycles.

Snap, Gulp!
Snap, Gulp! ~ by Chris Barton
I'm a big T-Rex.
And I prowl the swamp.
I'm on the lookout.
For something to chomp.
If a little bitty raptor
catches my eye.
Then it's snap...gulp...
Bye-bye, bye-bye.
I'm a great white shark.
And I prowl the deep.
I'm on the lookout.
For something to eat.
If a little bitty fishy
catches my eye.
Then it's snap...gulp...
Bye-bye, bye-bye.
I'm a slithering snake.
And I slide on the ground.
I'm on the lookout.
For food all around.
If a little bitty mousy
catches my eye.
Then it's snap...gulp...
Bye-bye, bye-bye.
I'm a crocodile.
And I lie in the sun.
I'm on the lookout.
For some kind of fun.
If a little bitty turtle
catches my eye.
Then it's snap...gulp...
Bye-bye, bye-bye.
(Snort)
(Sssssss)
(HaHaHaHa)
(Hello)
(Bye-bye...)
Music and lyrics from TuneUps! christinebarton.net used by permission.

My Favorite Foods
Ms K.loves rice!
Christian loves pizza!
Zach loves Red Lobster!
Yi loves spaghetti!
Kelvin loves watermelon!
Davon loves Old Country Buffet!
Kong loves spicy chicken!
Nathan loves pepperoni pizza!
Mrs S. loves Godiva chocolate!
Mrs. F. loves tacos!

Chiny Chin Chin's Cool Friends
Chiny Chin Chin has some friends because she likes them alot.
She loves Minkie and Pinkie.
She loves Donny.
And She Loves Robert! Thats All!

These are my friends.
This is Alex. I like Alex.
This is Marty.
This is Melmen.
They are having fun.
This is Gloria.
He is happy.

Dogs
This dog is cute.
He is happy.
He is hiding in the grass
He listens to Brianna.
A fun time in the sno0w.
I found some new friends.
I'm not feeling well today.
The water is very cold.
Look at me     this is fun.

Casey the Cat
My pet is a cat. His name is Casey.
Casey likes to sleep.
Casey likes to play.
Casey looks out of our window when I am at school.
He waits for me to get off of the bus.
Then he gives me cat kisses.
Casey is a good cat.

Pete the Parrot
My pet is a parrot. His name is Pete.
I got him at the pet store.
He is a smart bird because he can talk.
He can say, "Pretty boy."
He can say, "I love you."
Pete likes to eat his bird food.
Pete likes to fly.
Pete is a good bird.

Spongebob
Sponge Bob is Playing legos in bed.
Pumpkin painted like Spongebob.
Spongebob Halloween.
Spongebob rock star with guitar.
Spongebob put on the money.
Spongebob on the table with Honey.
Spongebob cereal.
Spongebob toys.
Lego's with Spongebob, crabby patties, Patrick, and storm troopers.
Spongebob is hugging the children.
Lego Spongebob with Gary on his head.
Spongebob on t.v.

What I Like
Books are fun.
Green is beautiful.
Music is uplifting.
Justin Bieber is cool.
The Packers are awesome.
Math is everywhere.
Chicken tastes yummy.
Junie B. Jones is hilarious.
Dogs are sweet.
School amazes me.
I like all these things.

Up and Down
Up and Down
The girl is walking up the stairs.
The baby is climbing up the ladder
The girl is swinging up in the air.
The planes are flying up in the sky.
The kids are sledding down the hill.
The boy is sliding down the slide.
The roller coaster is going down.
The boy is skiing down the mountain.

How To Make "Ants on a Log"
Ingredients: celery sticks,
peanut butter, raisins, and a butter knife.
Step 1: Wash your hands and dry them.
Step 2: Wash the celery sticks.
Step 3: Using the butter knife, spread the peanut butter in the center of the celery sticks.
Step 4: Sprinkle the raisins over the peanut butter.
Step 5: Eat and enjoy your yummy, nutritious snack!
Step 6: Clean up and wash your hands.

Words ending with -an
I have a can.
I see Dan.
I see a man.
I have a fan.
I see Jan.
I have a pan.
I ran.
I see a van.

Words ending with -ap
I have a cap.
I see a gap.
I have a lap.
I see a map.
I take a nap.
I like to rap.
I hear a yap.
I see a zap!

Hoppity Hop
Hoppity Hop ~ by Chris Barton
Hop, hop, hoppity hop.
Hop, hop, hoppity hop.
Hop, hop, hoppity hop.
Hop, hop, hoppity hop.
Walk, walk, walkity walk.
Walk, walk, walkity walk.
Walk, walk, walkity walk.
Walkity, walkity, walk.
Swim, swim, swimity swim.
Swim, swim, swimity swim.
Swim, swim, swimity swim.
Swimity, swimity, swim.
Turn, turn, turnity turn.
Turn, turn, turnity turn.
Turn, turn, turnity turn.
Turnity, turnity, turn.
Slither, slither, slithery slither.
Slither, slither, slithery slither.
Slither, slither, slithery slither.
Slithery, slither, slither.
Sleep, sleep, sleepity sleep.
Sleep, sleep, sleepity sleep.
Sleep, sleep, sleepity sleep.
Ahhhhh...
Wake up!
Sing, sing, singity sing.
Sing, sing, singity sing.
Sing, sing, singity sing.
Singity, singity, sing.
Singity, singity, sing!

THE PRINCESS WHO FORGOT ABOUT HERSELF
I remember meeting a lovely woman named Hazabel.
She used to take care of herself and she was happy and optimistic.
She fell in love with a smart  intelligent prince, and she started to do everything for him. She lived just for him.
He even had to remind Hazabel how to pronounce her own name.
She postponed doing her things because she always was thinking of him.
So finally, as she had forgotten about herself, her prince did the same.

My Funny Valentine
My funny Valentine,
Sweet comic Valentine,
You make me smile with my heart!
Your looks are laughable,
Unphotograph-able,
You're my favorite work of art!
Is your figure less than Greek?
Is your mouth a little weak?
When you open it to speak,
Are you smart?
But don't change a hair for me,
Not if you care for me,
Stay, little Valentine, stay.
Each day is Valentine's Day!

Horseback Riding
I went horseback riding for the first time.
When we got there, I met my instructors, Terry, Larry, and Devin.
My pony's name was Bambi.
I had to wear a helmet to protect my head.
Then, I sat way up high in the saddle.
At first, I didn't know what to think about it.
After a little while, I thought it was really fun.
I can't wait to go horseback riding again.

The Skunk Lullaby
The Skunk Lullaby ~ by Chris Barton
The stars at night go twink-a-link-a-link
Away up in the sky
The moon at night goes blink-a-blink-a-blink
It shines right in my eye
The skunk at night goes stink-a-link-a-link
I hope it passes by
O, twink-a-link-a-link
O, blink-a-blink-a-blink
O, stink-a-link-a-link
O, my!
(music plays)
Hmm...
Hmm...
Hmm...
Hmm...
Hmm...
Hmm...
O, twink-a-link-a-link
O, blink-a-blink-a-blink
O, stink-a-link-a-link
O, my!

Science is fun.
Science can be fun.
There are so many different creatures to see.
Take this leaf. It is a pretty pink color.
Moths, butterflies and other creatures love to eat things like leaves.
You can find bugs like these almost everywhere.
Here is a dragonfly. What color is it?
You can find science everywhere.
Is science in your backyard?

Life in the Ocean
Oceans are large bodies of salt water.
Most of the earth is made up of water.
Oceans are blue.
The bottom of the ocean is sandy.
Other parts of the ocean floor are rocky!
Many people live near the ocean.
People can swim in oceans.
Or people can surf on the ocean's surface.
And people can travel on boats on the ocean's surface. But no people live in the ocean!
Oceans are homes to many types of fish and animals!
The infamous clown fish lives in the ocean! Hi Nemo!
The blue whale is the largest animal in the world and lives in the ocean!
Zooplankton are the smallest ocean animals!
We are going to make our own ocean snack!
We are going to crush cookies to make our sandy ocean floor.
We will make our blue ocean water with pudding,
milk,
and blue food coloring.
Last we will decorate our ocean with colorful (but yummy) fish!

Thomas the Train
This is Thomas the Train.
Thomas is big.
Thomas is fast.
Thomas is loud.
Thomas is blue like water.
Thomas is white like a bunny.
Thomas is red like berries.
Thomas is friendly.
Good-bye Thomas.

Chocolate
Chocolate
eating, cooking
tasty, creamy, soothing
chocolate

Candy bar
Candy bar
melting,
stirring
sweet,delicious, tasty
kisses

Animals
Austin likes deer.
Elias likes butterflies.
Emily likes butterflies, too!
Jose likes cows.
Alex likes cows, too.
Joey likes owls.
Angelina likes birds.
Ivey likes zebras.
Hanna likes frogs.
Briana likes tigers.
Ms. Rorabacher likes penguins.
Mrs. Chandler likes rabbits.
Mrs. Olinger likes horses.
Ms. Roberson likes elephants.

Christian Loves Football
My name is Christian and bootball is my favorite sport.
I also like hockey a lot.
This Sunday is Super Bowl Sunday.
In the Super Bowl game it is the Packers...
Versus the Steelers.
The game is going to be in Texas.
It is cold and snowing there now.
Christian wants the packers to win.

The Letter U
The Letter U
U is for umbrella.
U is for umpire.
U is for unhappy.
U is for under.
U is for uniform.
U is for unicorn.
U is for United States.
U is for unicycle.
U is for up.

Special Olympics Swimming
We are going to the Swimming Special Olympics!
We have been practicing for weeks.
We practice using the kick boards.
We even swim laps without the kick boards.
We are practicing hard so we can become strong swimmers.
After practice we have free time in the water to play with the noodles.
After we have swam hard and won our metals and awards we get another special surprise!
We all get Wendy's for lunch!

Christmas
I'm Back To Christmas Again.
Everland.
Igloo.
Snowman.
Reindeer.
The End.

Traveling In Florida
I'm Back To Travel Again.
"Welcome To Florida." Said The Bear.
Visit Amman Jordan.
Palm Tree Are Being Here.
Done The Travel.
Done Oh. Umm. Try Not Again In The Morning.

Jack's Adventure
Jack is a dog. He is a Labrador.
But Jack is a special Labrador.
Jack is special because he uses a wheelchair to get around.
But that doesn't bother him!
Jack still runs and plays with the other dogs.
Jack enjoys playing outdoors.
Jack tells the other dogs, "Don't feel bad for me!"
"Because I love life!"

The Jones Family Express Vocabulary Book
The Jones Family Express Vocabulary Book by Rob
Annual Means something happens only once a year.
Potential means possibility to become something more.
Expensive means costing a lot Of Money.
Package means something put in the box  covered in paper.
Aisles means the space between rows at a store.
Wrapping means paper or other material used to cover or protect.

Number Three
Three.
Three sounds like bee.
Three is more than two.
Eat three pieces of corn.
Three is a magic number.

S...is a sound
S...is the first sound in snake.
and sun
and sky
and suit...a Santa suit.
S...is the first sound in spoon.
and sock
and sour
and sweet.
S...is the first sound in sweep.
and swing
and sing
and spring.
Lots of words start with this sound. ssss

WEATHER
The desert is dry.
The clouds are dark and stormy.
The clouds are made of water.
The clouds are clearing away.
Snow is falling from the sky.
The clouds are behind the mountain.
The weather is cloudy.
The clouds helped make a rainbow.
The lightning struck a building!
The storm is going away.

Albert Einstein
Albert Einstein was a mad scientist.
Albert invented robot gadgets that helped mankind.
Albert Einstein died when he was 76 years old.
He solved math equations.
I like Albert Einstein because he is brilliant.

My Favorite Singer Rihanna
Rihanna is my favorite singer.
Rihanna is very beautiful and she sings well.
Rihanna is a young woman.
She sings to crowds of people.
I like Rihanna because every time I hear her sing it makes me want to sing with her.

Skiing At Holiday Valley
I went skiing at Ellicottville with my sister and my Mom.
I ate pierogies  at the restaurant.
I ski with my sister Genevieve.
I love the bunny hills.
Those are my ski instructors.
We had a great time!

Dogs
All About Dogs
Dogs like to lick.
Dogs like to run.
Dogs play in water.
Dogs like to smell.
Dogs play in snow.
Dogs like stuffed animals.
Dogs play with balls.
Dogs also can work.
I love dogs.

Noleens lovely dogs
Going for a drive.
Puppy dog
Cool dudes
This floor is slippery.
Time for a walk!
G'day mate
Hello
Puppy love
I am tired

Hadrian the Horse
Hadrian the Horse lived near the sea,
Where he knew his mother and father would always be.
Growing up he used to run and play,
And trot around at the end of the day!
His father was a galiant fighter for sure,
His mother was tame and rather mature.
Growing up he knew he would be a fighter too,
But he wasn't sure that's what he wanted to do!
What if he could let princesses ride on his back?
What if he could rest by the sea and take a long nap?
Playing with the other ponies sounded like fun,
because a lot of them really knew how to run!
What if he could be an amazing acrobat?
Or he could be led around all day like that!
Maybe he could paint himself to look like a cow,
Or more like this horse, though he didn't know how!
After his Dad finished his last fight,
He decided to come home for the night!
He wanted to talk to his parents soon,
But they were in a snow storm until almost noon!
When they got home he was ready to talk,
But they decided to go on a walk.
Hadrian stood there, not knowing what to say,
When they finally asked, "What has been bothering you today?"
"I will love you no matter what you do!"
And that is when he knew that he knew!
It didn't matter what he chose today,
His parents would support him all the way!

Peter the Porcupine
This is Peter the porcupine.
He has a friend named Barbara the bird.
They also have three little porcupine friends.
They all share meals together.
Peter likes to show his friends how to climb trees.
At the end of a long day, Peter the porcupine likes to relax in the field.

Baby Animals
Humans aren't the only who have babies...
Animals do to!
Dogs have puppies.
Cats have kittens.
Ducks have ducklings.
Pigs have piglets.
Goats have kidds.
Horses have foals.
Deer have fawns.
No matter what they're called, all animals have babies!

Love at the Zoo
Love at the Zoo
My Mom and Dad took me to the zoo one day.
They told me I would learn about love.
They said there were all different kinds of love.
There is tall love,
small love,
and all kinds of fun love.
You can love to play together,
or you can love to just lay together.
It doesn't matter who you love,
or how you show that love,
as long as we love together.

Bunnies By liam.C
Bunnies are very, very cute.
Some look like you can just snuggle with them.
Bunnies have long ears.
Bunnies almost sleep anywhere.
Bunnies live in cages or in the wild. They can be different colours.
Bunnies love eating carrots and lettuce!
Some bunnies love the snow.
Bunnies love each other.

Bunny Rabbits, By Jenna
Bunnies can be lots of different colours,
and sizes.
Some bunnies live outside,
And some bunnies are pets that live in cages.
Some rabbits like to play in the snow.
But most bunnies prefer grass.
Most pet bunnies are calm and gentle...
But not all of them!
Some are the exact opposite!

Cats by Josh.G
Some cats are cute.
Some cats are Big.
The bigger cats will fight for their food.
Some cats are funny.
Some cats are small.
Some cats are lazy.
Cats are very curious.
Cats will lick a lot of stuff.
But NEVER EVER make a cat mad.

Colors within the Sports World
There are many colors in the Sports World.
There are many colors within a picture. Some colors stand out as main colors.
Orange is the main color of the Cincinnati Bengals' football team.
Black is the main color of the Iowa Hawkeye's football team.
Blue is the main color of Auburn's football team.
Brown is the main color of the Cleveland Browns' football team.
Green is the main color of the Green Bay Packers' football team.
White is the main color of the New Jersey Nets' basketball team.
Purple is the main color of the minnesota vikings' football team.
Red is the main color of the Chicago Bulls basketball team.
Yellow is the main color of the Los Angeles Lakers. basketball team.
What colors do you see in your Sports World?

Pets
cat
puppy
bunnies
dog
bird
fish
hamster
lizard
guinea pig
ferret

P-I-Z-Z-A!
P-I-Z-Z-A!
by Chris Barton
Lunch, lunch, what's for lunch?
Lunch, lunch, what's for lunch?
Everyday at school when the clock strikes noon.
We all jump up, grab a fork and a spoon.
We get in line and we pick up our tray.
We get pizza... everyday!
We get P-I-Z-Z-A!
We get P-I-Z-Z-A!
We get P-I-Z-Z-A!
We get pizza... everyday!
(piano plays)
It's got lots of sauce and extra cheese.
Pepperoni, as much as you please.
Little green peppers and mushrooms, too.
We get pizza for me and you!
We get P-I-Z-Z-A!
We get P-I-Z-Z-A!
We get P-I-Z-Z-A!
We get pizza... everyday!
We get pi...zza!
We get pi...zza!
We get pi...zza!
We get pizza... everyday!
(piano plays)
We used to have hot dogs with ketchup on top.
Burgers and fries that were really hot!
Peanut butter, jelly, what can we say?
We get pizza... everyday!
We get P-I-Z-Z-A!
We get P-I-Z-Z-A!
We get P-I-Z-Z-A!
We get pizza... everyday!
We get pi...zza!
We get pi...zza!
We get pi...zza!
We get pizza... everyday!
(piano plays)
Pizza...everyday!
P-I-Z-Z-A! is available on TuneUps! by C. Barton, MM, MT-BC & A. Robbins, CCC-SLP christinebarton.net

Football
These are football players.
This is a football field.
This is a football.
Football players wear helmets to protect their heads.
Football players tackle each other.
Football players run fast.
Football players catch the ball.
Football is my favorite sport.

A Caterpillar's Life
Caterpillar's are born from tiny eggs.
They come in many shapes, sizes, and colors.
Caterpillars live on plants and eat their leaves for food.
When caterpillars grow to their biggest size, they begin to form a chrysalis.
A chrysalis or cocoon, is a home caterpillars make to transform into a butterfly.
After the butterfly is fully formed, they break through the cocoon.
Butterflies have wings, eyes, and antennae.
Like caterpillars, butterflies come in many different colors, shapes, and sizes.
Butterflies lay their eggs on plants, and caterpillars are born to start the cycle over.

The Ohio State Buckeyes Men's Basketball Book
The Buckeyes are the best basketball team in the country!
The Ohio State Buckeyes win lots of championships and have earned many titles.
The Buckeyes play in a basketball arena. There are many people who watch them play basketball.
The fans love their basketball coach!
Basketball is a team sport and the Buckeyes work together as a team to win games!
Many people cheer the Buckeyes as they play.
Communication is key to success and the Buckeyes communicate with each other as they play.
A few players can slam dunk the ball in the hoop. Sometimes it looks like they are flying in the air!
Basketball is fun to watch and the crowd is loud because everyone is cheering for them to do well!
All the players respect each other. The players treat each other like brothers and will help each other out.
I love Brutus. He is the mascot for Ohio State and goes to all the basketball games!
The Buckeyes play in front of a large crowd of people.
The Ohio State Buckeyes Men's Basketball Team is almost as good as their Football Team!
Go Buckeyes!!!

I See Trucks
I see a green truck.
I see war trucks.
I see an old truck.
I see a monster truck.
I see a gas truck.

This and That
This is my orange shirt.
That is your blue shirt.
This is my yellow pencil.
That is your pink pencil.
This is my red marker.
That is your green marker.
This is my lunch. I have a sandwich.
That is your lunch. You have a salad.

February Events
This month is February. There's a lot going on in February!
Groundhog's Day is in February.
This year he predicted that spring will come early.
The superbowl is in February.
This year the Steelers are in the Superbowl.
They will be playing against the Packers.
Who won? The Steelers or the Packers?
Valentine's Day is in February.
That is a day to celebrate the people we care about.
President's Day is in February.
We celebrate the birthdays of George Washington and Abraham Lincoln.
What special days will you celebrate this month?

Jabberwocky, by Lewis Carrol
Jabberwocky, by Lewis Carrol
`Twas brillig, and the slithy toves Did gyre and gimble in the wabe:
All mimsy were the borogoves, And the mome raths outgrabe.
"Beware the Jabberwock, my son! The jaws that bite, the claws that catch!"
"Beware the Jubjub bird, and shun The frumious Bandersnatch!"
He took his vorpal sword in hand: Long time the manxome foe he sought -
- So rested he by the Tumtum tree, And stood awhile in thought.
And, as in uffish thought he stood, The Jabberwock, with eyes of flame,
Came whiffling through the tulgey wood, And burbled as it came!
One, two! One, two! And through and through The vorpal blade went snicker-snack!
He left it dead, and with its head He went galumphing back.
"And, has thou slain the Jabberwock? Come to my arms, my beamish boy!"
"O frabjous day! Callooh! Callay!" He chortled in his joy.
`Twas brillig, and the slithy toves Did gyre and gimble in the wabe:
All mimsy were the borogoves, And the mome raths outgrabe.
Fin!

Our Day at Jib Lanes
We went to Jib Lanes with the class.
We had a good time at Jib Lanes.
We use a bowling ball to knock down the pins.
All my friends were at Jib Lanes.
We ate fries together at Jib Lanes.
We all hope to come back soon.

A Fun Day
Ms.Emy's class went to Target.
I saw DVD players.
I saw potato chips.
I saw popcorn.
I saw the DVD Starstruck.
I bought the movie Starstruck.
I love buying things to read and watch from Harry Potter.
I liked our trip to Target.

The Ballerina
The ballerina uses her feet to paint a picture.
She is graceful.
She begins her journey as a young child.
She makes many friends along this journey.
Her friends grow with her as time goes by.
She becomes a wonderful ballerina, eventually able to progress to point.
She makes dance a part of her everyday life.
She becomes a beautiful young lady with the world at her fingertips, telling her story through ballet.

Superbowl XLV
The football players are running.
He's going to catch a touchdown.
The winning team gets a trophy!
Cheerleaders JUMP!
They play the Super Bowl in a large stadium.
Friends tailgate before the Big Game.
We eat chips, cookies, and cake at the party.
The teams playing are the Pittsburgh Steelers...
and the Green Bay Packers.

My Dog Sammy
This is my dog Sammy.
He is my best friend.
Everyday, I feed Sammy his food.
Then we go on walks together.
Sammy likes to run around when we are outside.
Then he lays down in the grass to rest.
Sometimes we to play hide and go seek together.
Sammy likes to play with me in the snow.
Sammy likes to run around the beach with me.
Sometimes Sammy plays with his other dog friends.
At night, Sammy likes to lay on the couch with me.
I love my dog Sammy.

Going to the Bathroom
If you have to go to the bathroom while doing your schoolwork...
First, raise your hand.
Wait until the teacher calls on you and gives you permission to go to the bathroom.
Walk to the bathroom and go in.
Go to the bathroom.
Wash your hands after.
Return to your seat.

The year of the rabbit
The year of the rabbit.
2011 is the year of the rabbit.
People born in the Year of the Rabbit are friendly and enjoy the company of good friends. They are good teachers and counselors.
The Chinese New Year starts with the New Moon on the first day of the new year and ends on the full moon 15 days later.
The 15th day of the new year is called the Lantern Festival.
The dragon leads off the Chinese New Year parade.
The dragon dance is a tradition in celebrating the Chinese New Year.
Lion dancers perform on stage continuously.
The color red is believed to ward off evil spirits.
Tributes are made to ancestors by burning incense and the symbolic offering of foods.
Dumplings boiled in water (Jiaozi) signify a long-lasting good wish for a family.
Hong Bao is when adults give children and unmarried couples money in red envelopes.
Cherry blossoms are a symbol of spring.
The rabbit is the symbol of the moon.
The peacock is the symbol of the sun.
The Moon is YIN and this is the Yin of Heaven, signifying magic.
Gung Hay Fat Choy, Happy New Year!!

Unicorn Pictures
Unicorns eat grass.
Some unicorns are in pictures,
Some Unicorns are Pillow Pets,
Some are statues,
Some like rainbows,
Some have beards,
and Some are black, buy I love them all.

Super Amphibians
This is a toad...
and this is a frog.
Toads can swim.
And go under cover!
Frogs can climb.
They are really good dancers.
Frogs and toads are TOAD-ally awesome!

Seasons
There are four season in a year.
Spring
Summer
Fall
Winter
During the Spring season, plants begin to grow and the leaves turn green.
You can see lots of rainbows in the Spring.
Flowers start to bloom.
The weather gets hotter during the Summer season.
People like to swim in water to cool off.
It is important to put on sunscreen to protect your skin from the sun.
The weather gets colder during the Fall.  This is why the leaves change colors.
There are yellow, orange, and red leaves.
Children like to play in the leaves.
The weather gets very cold during the Winter season.
Snow falls from the sky.
People like making snowmen.
The seasons repeat all over again.

Bears Like To Do Things
Some bears like to climb.
Some bears get married.
Others eat,
Some swim,
Some play on the computer,
But all bears are cute!

Bears Like To Do Things
Some bears like to climb on rocks.
Some bears like to eat.
Others like to swim.
Some like to play on the computer.
All bears are cute!

Babies Are Fun!
Babies wonder what life is all about.
Sometimes they need to be cleaned.
They need to hold your hand to keep safe.
Kisses are a must for a baby.
Laughter is the best medicine.
They are smarter than you think.
They enjoy other babies.
Before you know it they become toddlers.

The Q book
This is the letter Q!
Q is for quarter!
Q is for queen!
Q is for quail!
Q is for question!
Q is for quilt!
Q is for QuikTrip!

Polly and the Lake
One day, Polly was out playing when she heard her mother call for her.
Polly's mother told her that they were going to the lake!
At the lake Polly ran around,
she went swimming,
and she even made a new friend!
Polly and her mother had a nice picnic dinner,
and watched the sun set!
What a great day!

Jackson's Verb Book
They are walking across the road.
He is jumping with his skateboard.
The horses are eating hay.
The tiger is drinking water.
The little girl is shopping.
The airplane is flying up in the sky.
The Ninja is cooking dinner.
Woody and Buzz are eating their lunch.
The boy is playing with Thomas the Train.
The kids are running on the beach.
The dog is getting a bath.
They are washing the car.
The baby is laughing.
The End

Going swimming!
We are going swimming!
We are going to the Romulus Recreation Center.
We look for the family changing room.
The doors going into the locker room and to the pool are made of glass.
You can see inside the glass door.
My teacher will tell me where it is private.
We change out of our clothes in the private changing room!
We put our clothes in these lockers....
Next we take a shower before we go into the pool.
We will follow the rules!
It is time for fun in the pool!

Life as a Penguin
Penguins are small black and white birds.
Penguins have two short wings but cannot fly.
Penguins are good swimmers and live mostly under water.
Penguins jump out of the water for air.
Most penguins live in cold Antarctica.
Other penguins live in South America, New Zealand, South Africa and Australia.
Penguins eat fish.
Baby penguins are called chicks.
There are 17 different kinds of penguins.
Penguins like to play by sliding on their bellies.
Penguins are wonderful animals.

My Alphabet
Apple
Bubbles
Cat
Dinosaur
Eggs
Fish
Guitar
Horse
Iguana
Jelly Beans
Kite
Lion
Monkey
Nurse
Octopus
Penguin
Quack
Rainbow
Snake
Turtle
Umbrella
Valentine
Whale
foX
Yo Yo
Zebra

Groundhog's Day
Groundhog's Day
by, Mrs. Wright's Class
Today our class used the computer and the smartboard to learn about Groundhog's Day.
We learned that Groundhog's Day is February 2.
Punxy Phil is a groundhog.
He looks like Pete but he is bigger.  Peter is a wild guinea pig.
If the groundhog sees his shadow it will be spring.
If he does not, it will be cold for 6 more weeks.

The Kitty Ditty
I'm a lucky gal, because I've got two cats.
One of them's skinny.
And one of them's fat!
One of them's white.
And one of them's black.
They make me sneeze!
They're my kitty cats.
Oh, my kitty.
Oh, my kitty.
Oh, my kitty cat!
My kitty.
Oh, my kitty. 
Oh, my kitty cat!
She's my kitty, kitty,
kitty, kitty, kitty cat!
My kitty.
Oh, my kitty. 
Oh, my kitty cat!
My kitty has a favorite chair.
Where she goes to lick her hair.
Sometimes she'll just sit and stare.
At things that are not really there!
Oh, my kitty.
Oh, my kitty.
Oh, my kitty cat!
My kitty.
Oh, my kitty. 
Oh, my kitty cat!
She's my kitty, kitty,
kitty, kitty, kitty cat!
My kitty.
Oh, my kitty. 
Oh, my kitty cat!
From the song, "The Kitty Ditty," by Joel Mabus, www.joelmabus.com

Thomas the Tank Engine
Thomas the Tank Engine 
by
Jonathan Cruz
One day Thomas was in the forest.
Thomas was afraid he might see a ghost.
He called his friend Diesel to keep him company.
They rode all night long.
They went through a dark tunnel.
The next morning, Thomas decided to go to the ice cream factory.
Thomas loves chocolate ice cream.
Thomas ate all of the ice cream.
The guys in the factory were mad at Thomas the Tank Engine and wanted him to leave.
Thomas left and he was sad.
 The End.

What Do You See? Saint Patrick's Day Parade
On March 17th, you can see a parade for Saint Patrick's Day.
I see 1 girl dancing at the parade.
I see 1 man playing music at the parade.
I see 2 girls playing music at the parade.
I see 1 man dressed in green at the parade.
I see 1 girl dressed in green at the parade.
I see 1 dog dressed in green at the parade.
Yummy!  I see green food at the parade. Name a food that is green.
Oh boy! I see a green drink at the parade.
Happy Saint Patrick's Day!  Have fun at the parade!

Good Morning Sun
My first sunrise was the best day of my life.
My momma woke me up in the wee hours of the morning.
We got ready for our big day inside our little house.
Once we got to the beach the moon was still out.
I love the stars, I could look at them all night.
Once the sunrise came up, I was amazed.
My dog Polly was playing in the water.
My mom surprised me with a picnic!
This was the best day ever!

Animals
Cat
Snails
Horse
Ducks
Penguins
Elephants
Dog
Lion
Koala
Squirrel
Zebra
Fox
Giraffe
Clown Fish
Sheep

From A to Zoo!!!
There is so much you can do 
if you go from A to Zoo!
Why don't you just come with me and we'll go see what we can see!
Look, up ahead is that an elephant I see? 
Eating fruit out of a tree!
Hey, a giraffe! With neck so long he could sing an amazing song!
Rhinos, rhinos aren't for me! Their pointy nose would surely poke me!
Hippos, with their big, large gut that's only bested by their butt!
Lions, with a mane so big, maybe it could be a wig!
Tigers have such pretty stripes. They're so pretty, others gripe!
Monkeys, with their strong old tail, leap through trees then from them bail.
Zebras, they are black and white. Seeing them is a delight!
Gazelles are quick, nimble, and strong. They can run a race three miles long!
Parrots squawk and parrots talk. Parrots even play with chalk!
You've seen the sights, and I have too because we've gone from A to Zoo!

Let's go to the park
Come on! Let's go to the park.
Put on your shirt and shorts.
Put on your shoes.
Let's go to the tunnel.
Let's go to the swing. Can you push me?
Let's go to the slide. Can you push me?
Let's go on the ride. Can you push me?
Let's go in the ball pit. Can you see me?

Kittens with Manners!
Kittens say please.
Kittens play nicely with dogs in the breeze!
Kittens look before crossing the street.
Kittens never ever cheat!
Kittens look out for friends in need.
Kittens always try to succeed!
Kittens don't make mad faces like this.
Kittens will give their Mom a kiss!
Kittens always share the Wii.
Kittens with manners say YIPEE!

Tale of Tikki Tikki Tembo
Tale of Tikki Tikki Tembo
Long ago in China there were two sons.
The parents gave a long name to the first son.
His name was Tikki Tikki Tembo.
The parents gave a short name to the second son.
His name was Chang.
The mother told her sons,
"It is not safe to play by the well."
One day Chang fell into the well.
Tikki Tikki Tembo ran to get help.
Again the mother told her sons,
"It is not safe to play by the well."
The boys did not listen.
Then one day Tikki Tikki Tembo fell into the well.
Chang ran to get help.
It took a long time to say Tikki Tikki Tembo's name.
But Tikki Tikki Tembo got help too.
The End.

What is the weather?
What is the weather today?
Is it cold or...
Is it hot?
Is it sunny or..
is it cloudy?
Is it foggy or...
is it clear?
Is it stormy or..
not stormy?
Is it snowy or
not snowy?
Is it raining or..
is it not?
What is the weather?
You tell me.

I love Taylor Swift
This is Taylor Swift.
I would love to go on tour with her.
She looks good on stage.
She is going to sing.
This is her stage.
Playing the guitar, Taylor Swift style.
Rockin' out!

What Time of the Day?
It's 7:00 a.m. It's time to get up. What time of day is it?
It's morning!
It's 7:30 a.m. It's time to eat breakfast. What time of day is it?
It is still morning.
It's 8:30 a.m. It's time to go to school. What time of day is it?
It is still morning.
It's 12:30 p.m. It's time to have lunch. What time of day is it?
It is afternoon!
It's 3:00 p.m. It's time to go back home. What time of day is it?
It is still afternoon.
It's 6:00 p.m. It's time to wash the dishes. What time of day is it?
It is evening!
It's 7:30 p.m. It's time to do your homework. What time of day is it?
It is still evening.
It's 11:00 p.m. It's time to go to sleep. What time of day is it?
It is still evening. But when I wake up it will be morning again.

BUMBLE BEES
Some people think bees are mean insects. But...
Bees produce honey.
Bees have 2 sets of wings.
There are 50 to 200 bumblebees in a hive.
Bees help the environment!
When bees are mad or scared they use their stingers!
Watch out! Here comes a bee!
Bees can hurt you... so be careful!

What time is it now? Part 2
What time is it now?
It is 9:00 a.m. It is time to eat breakfast.
Is 9:00 a.m. morning, afternoon or evening?
If you said "morning" then you were right!
Jim is getting dressed for a job interview that he has at 11:30 a.m.
Is 11:30 a.m. morning, afternoon or evening?
If you said "morning" then you were right!
Jim got done his interview at 12:45 p.m. He got the job!
Is 12:45 p.m. morning, afternoon or evening?
If you said "afternoon" then you were right!
Jim stops at the mall to get something to eat at 1:30 p.m.
Is 1:30 p.m. morning, afternoon or evening?
If you said "afternoon" then you were right!
Jim gets home at 5:00 p.m.
Is 5:00 p.m. morning, afternoon or evening?
If you said "evening" then you were right!
It is 8:30 p.m. Jim is going to listen to some music and then go to bed.
Is 8:30 p.m. morning, afternoon or evening?
If you said "evening" then you were right!

justin bieber
Justin Bieber 
By Angel
Justin Bieber is a singer.
Justin was born in a small town in Canada.
He has a father named Jeremy and a mother named Pattie.
Justin has a little sister named Jazmyn, she is 2 years old.
His Brother's name is Jaxon, he is 1 year old.
He is home schooled.
He lives in Atlanta Georgia.
His mentor is Usher.
He has won a lot of awards.
Justin Bieber is a good singer.

NBA Chicago Bulls
Michael Jordan
Michael Jordan is dribbling.
Michael Jordan is hustling.
Michael Jordan is passing.
Michael Jordan is rebounding.
Michael Jordan is shooting.
Michael Jordan is slam dunking.
Michael Jordan is stretching.

Panda Bear
What is black and white and looks like a bear?
A Giant Panda Bear
The Panda Bear is known by the large black spots over its eyes.
It is the rarest of the eight bear species on the planet
The panda bear lives in dense forest regions of China.
It eats almost nothing but bamboo.
Pandas have flexible paws and can use one of their toes like a thumb.
Like most bears, pandas like to climb trees.
Pandas do not hibernate. They move to warmer areas in the winter.
Mother pandas usually have one or two babies.
Pandas may be black and white to blend in with nature.
The people of China are proud of the panda and seek to protect it.

Commenting in Art Class
In art class, we paint and draw.  We do lots of things!
My teacher likes it when we look at other people's artwork and talk about it.
I will use my iPod touch to tell my classmates what I think about their artwork.
I will try to stand in front of the class when I talk about artwork.
I will try to push the buttons on my iPod touch when I want to say something.
There are many things I can say. I can say "Good job!"
I can say "Awesome!"
I can say "I like those colors."
I can say, "I love it!"
My class will like it when I talk about their artwork.

Dog
beg
eat
walk
hide
stand
shake
scratch

Dogs
Story
Jump
Peek
Silly
Party
Sleep
Play
Walk
Help

Motorbikes in my Paddock
I would like to ride a harley in my paddock.
It would be funny to see Lego people riding motorbikes in my paddock.
I have got a smaller motorbike and I would like one the same as this bike.
One day I would like to be a road bike racer or a dirt bike racer.
I wish I could ride that fast and jump that big! Maybe one day I will.

Getting to Know the Letter "G"...
G is for goat
G is for grass
G is for gate
G is for geese
G is for green
G is for goldfish
G is for gorilla

Scary Critters
Turtles and alligators resting their heads on the wooden swing.
This is a little stamp of a big dinosaur.
This cold lizard is sunning himself.
This leapord is hungry for more.
This little beetle can move fast and slow!

Skiing is My Favorite Sport!
I love the winter Season!
It can sometimes be cold and snowy, but that is the best weather for skiing!
Skiing has been around for a very long time.
It's a lot of fun!
Sometimes at night people celebrate at mountain resorts!
It can get pretty snowy, so its a good idea to wear goggles when you are skiing.
To get to the top of the mountain you can take a chair lift or a big car called a gondola attached to wire cables!
Some people like to do tricks on their skis.
Some people also like to snowboard!
When the trails are groomed, people call it "corduroy" because it looks like it on the snow!
My Dad is the one who taught me how to ski!
Skiing is my favorite sport and I cant wait to go again!

All About Forests
A forest is land with lots of trees.
Sometimes there are so many trees that the sun only peeks through.
Can you point to the forest?
Bears live in the forest.
Can you point to the forest?
Deer live in the forest.
Can you point to the forest?
It is easy to get lost in the forest. Be sure to take your map with you.
Can you point to the map?
Sometimes there is a lake near the forest.  Lakes are made of water.
Some people like to swim in the lake.
Can you point to the lake?
Look at this beautiful forest by the lake.
Can you point to the forest?
This is a forest.

Summer Time
My favorite season is Summer.
During summer, I like to go to the beach.
At the beach, I like to go swimming in the warm water.
I see fish swimming in the water too!
I see big waves in the ocean.
I like to build big sand castles at the beach.
I play with a beach ball at the beach.
Mommy buys me ice-cream to keep cool.
When the sun goes down, it's time to go home.
I can't wait to go back to the beach.

Granny
Some years ago, when I was a child, I used to spend some days in the village with my grandma.
I remember collecting together some fruit from the trees during the hot afternoons.
We liked making lemon jam and delicious cakes.....
....and some chocolate biscuits for children. I remenber feeeling so happy.
Once I felt ill and the doctor recomended me to stay at home.
My elder sister used to play the violin while granny told us  nice stories.
When I felt better granny organized a party on the fields under the apple tree.
Children were flying kites and singing traditional songs.
Now that I am a grandma, I would like my grandchildren to feel as happy with me like I felt with her then.

Snow Day
Today I had a snow day.
I went outside to play in the snow.
My cat wanted to play in the snow, too.
I built a snowman.
I went sledding down a hill.
I had a snowball fight with my friends.
I went inside my house and drank hot chocolate.
I love snow days.

All About the Desert
A desert is land. It has very little water.
Can you point to the desert?
The desert is home to snakes and other dangerous animals.
Can you point to the desert?
The armadillo lives in the desert. It has a hard shell to protect itself from other animals.
Can you point to the desert?
The roadrunner lives in the desert.
Can you point to the desert?
Some flowers  can grow in the desert.
You can find them growing on the cactus.
Can you point to the desert?
This is the desert.

Measuring Motion
Motion is movement.
Motion is changing of a place or position.
It is an action.
This bird is in motion.
Daltynn is in motion.
Speed is how fast something is going.
People talk about how fast they drive.
They may say they went 55 miles per hour.
You need the distance traveled...
and the time of the motion.
How fast do you think these people are going?
How fast is Tristen going?
It is a good idea to drive the correct speed limit.

Doggie Likes To Swing
Doggie finds a swing.
Doggie goes to the library.
Doggie lays down and rolls and rolls until he is tired.
Doggie plays hide and seek with other dogs.

Our Trip
We went on a trip.
Our first stop was Canada.
We saw snow on the mountains. It was very cold.
Can you point to the mountains?
We saw moose with big horns.
Can you point to the moose?
Next, we flew to Mexico. It was a long trip from Canada.
It is warm in Mexico.
Can you point to the symbol for warm?
We saw a snake in the desert.
Can you point to the desert?
It's easy to get lost in the desert. Be sure you take your map with you so you can find your way back.
We saw cactus in the desert.
Can you point to the cactus?
When the trip was over we flew back home. Boy, were we tired.

We Went on a Trip
We went on an airplane trip.
Can you point to the airplane?
We collected postcards to show people what we had seen during our trip.
Can you point to the postcard?
Our first stop was the Eiffel Tower.
The Eiffel Tower is in France.
We rode on a boat on the Seine River.
Can you point to the boat?
Can you point to the river?
Next we headed to Africa.
We rode on a boat down the Nile River.
Can you point to the boat?
We had to be careful of the hippos who lived in the river.
Can you point to the river?
When our trip was over we flew back home to the United States.
Can you point to the United States?
We showed all of our postcards from our trip to our friends.

What is for me
This Dog is for me.
This Toy Truck is for me.
This toy robot is for me and I like it.
This Toy car is for me.

Look at Roxy
Look at Roxy sit.
Look at Roxy stand.
Look at Roxy beg.
Look at Roxy eat.
Look at Roxy walk.
Look at Roxy shake.
Look at Roxy scratch.
Look at Roxy roll over.
Look at Roxy hide.

Michael's Calendar
Have fun watching the fireworks and celebrate New Years.
Enjoy the Valentines Day candy.
I hope you have fun in the St. Patrick’s Day parade.
Have fun painting Easter eggs.
I hope you get lots of flowers for Mothers Day.
I hope everyone has a Happy Fathers Day.
Have fun watching the fireworks.
I hope everyone enjoys swimming in the pool.
I hope everyone has fun on Labor Day.
I hope everyone gets all of their favorite candy for Halloween.
I hope everyone enjoys their turkey on Thanksgiving Day.
I hope everyone gets their favorite gifts for Christmas, Merry Christmas!

Terrence's Book
Happy New Year.
Happy Valentines Day.
Happy St. Patrick’s Day.
Happy Easter.  I like to go on egg hunts.
Happy Mothers Day. Dad and I cook for Mom.
Happy Fathers Day. I take Dad to KFC for dinner.
Happy 4th of July. We watch the fire works display.
We go on vacation, and have fun.
Happy Labor Day.  I play with toys.
Happy Halloween. I wear a costume and go trick or treat with mom and dad.
Happy Thanksgiving. Mom cooks turkey for the whole family.
Merry Christmas. I play with my new blocks.

Over and Under
Over and Under
The Boat is under the bridge.
The cat is under the bed.
The girl is under the water.
The baby is under the blanket.
The sun is over the rainbow.
The balloons are over the clouds.
The moon is over the mountain.
The umbrella is over the girl.

K is for Koala
K is for Koala.
What is a Koala?
A Koala bear is not actually a bear.
But a long time ago,
some people named it a bear,
because it looked like one.
Koala bears come from Australia.
A baby Koala stays in its mother's pouch for six months.
A baby koala is called a Joey.
Koalas have long, sharp claws
so they can grip tree branches.
Koalas walk on all four legs.
They eat plants
called Eucalyptus leaves.
Koalas are usually very still.
They like to sleep,
usually sleeping 16-18 hours a day!
Koalas are very friendly animals. But there are not many left!

Peanut Butter and Jelly
Wash your hands with soap and water.
Dry your hands with a towel.
Take out a plate and a knife.
Take out the bread, peanut butter, and the jelly.
Use the knife to put peanut butter on one piece of bread.
Use the knife to spread jelly on the other piece of bread.
put the pieces of bread together to mix the peanut butter and jelly.
Cut sandwich down the middle.
Eat sandwich.
Wipe your hands and face with a baby wipe.

My Family's Big Move
One day, my family had a meeting. Our house was too old, so we had to move to the city.
We were all very upset because we loved our house. We weren't excited about packing up all of our things.
The thought of flying on an airplane scared us.
We had never been to a big city before.
Could we pack our favorite toys and games?
Could we bring our pet dog, Scruffy?
What if we had to try new things at our new house in the city?
We stopped asking questions and packed all of our things.
We got on the airplane together. There was a great view!
We finally arrived at the house. It was beautiful!
The move was tough, but we were happy to have each other.
We stuck together and made the best out of our big move. I love my family!

How to Build a Snowman
When it snows, I like to play in it.
I love to build snowmen!
First, you have to roll three big snowballs.
Next, you need a carrot for the nose.
You can then use sticks for the arms.
You will need some buttons for the eyes and mouth.
Now you have a your own snowman!

Snow Fun
In the winter it snows outside.
It snows when it is cold.
There are many activities you can do in the snow.
I like to snowboard.
Some people like to ski.
Others like to dog sled.
Making snowmen is always fun!
Many people like to have snowball fights.
Creating igloos is also a great activity.
Everyone loves making snow angels!
A nice cup of hot chocolate is a great end to a fun, snowy day!

Bears
Bears
This is a grizzly bear.
The grizzly bear lives in Yellowstone.
This is a polar bear.
The polar bear swims in the Arctic Sea.
This is a black bear.
The black bear lives in North America.
This is a panda bear.
The panda bear lives in China.
This is a sun bear.
The sun bear lives in Southeast Asia.

The Dinosaurs Busy Day by Gaige
My dinosaurs had a busy day!
The dinosaurs ate daddy.
The dinosaurs ate the dog food.
The dinosaurs played ball.
The dinosaurs played in the snow.
The dinosaurs played cars.
The dinosaurs cleaned up.
The dinosaurs drew a picture.
The dinosaurs played dress up.
The dinosaurs jumped in the jumparoo.
The dinosaurs watched TV.
The dinosaurs went potty.
The dinosaurs went upstairs.
The dinosaurs jumped on the bed.
The dinosaurs were very tired so they went to bed.

Weather
Weather
Weather is how it feels outside.
There are many different types of weather.
The weather can be cold.
The weather can be hot.
The weather can be sunny.
The weather can be cloudy.
The weather can be rainy.
The weather can be snowy.
The weather can even be windy.
What is the weather like today?

We Live in Queens
We Live in Queens.
This is Queens.
It is part of New York City.
We go to school in Queens.
We shop in Queens.
We eat in Queens.
We play in Queens.
We can find news about Queens!
We Love Queens.

Snowmen Are Cool!
Snowmen Are Cool!
The snowman is a rabbit.
The person is making a snowman for a friend.
The snowman is melting.
The snowman is funky.
The snowman is big and giant sized.
These are fake snowmen.
The snowman is with a ladder so people can make his eyes and nose.
The snowmen look like cupcakes.

Fun in the Snow!
All About Snow!
The snow troopers are trying to find their enemies.
This is Frosty the snowman.
The snowman is taking a walk.
A dog is sitting by a snowdog.
The snowmonster is going crazy!
The snowman is getting in trouble.
The baby snowmen are partying in the snow!

Healthy Snacks
We can eat healthy food at snack time.
We can eat applesauce.
We can eat fruit snacks. NO!
We can eat a fruit cup.
We can eat raisins.
We can eat melon.
We can eat chips. NO!
We can eat yogurt.
We can eat grapes.
We can eat a banana.
We can eat broccoli.
We can eat an orange.
We can eat pineapple.
We can eat cauliflower.
We can eat carrots.
We can eat cucumber.
We will eat healthy.

Black History Month
February is Black History Month.
America celebrates African Americans.
A teacher first had the idea.
Dr. Carter G. Woodson was the man.
He started Negro History Week in 1926.
African Americans are important in U.S. history.
Learn more during Black History Month.
This year, read about the Civil War.

Cool Facts About Sharks
Sharks!
Sharks are some amazing animals.
Sharks have layers and layers of teeth.
Sharks can jump ten feet out of the water if they are hunting.
They have big jaws and can take huge bites.
They can be dangerous, but can also be friendly.
Sharks are outstanding creatures.
Now that you have facts about sharks, you won't be as scared to go into the water.

Creating storage bins for our classroom.
We made bins from office supplies and recycled things.
There are many ways to make a box or bin.
These bins were made from cardboard boxes.
We made these from recycled file folders.
Schedule symbols fit in this bin that closes.
This covered one works as a pencil case.
It's important to fold them carefully.
We cut out this bin's shape after it was laminated.
We used fasteners, velcro, glue and staples to hold our work together.

Pets
I was swinging the bat.
Then I saw a little cat.
I caught it. I picked it up.  I put it in a cage.
I was walking slowly on the rug.
When I saw a little teeny tiny bug.
I caught it. I picked it up. I put it in a cage.
I looked at my pets. I saw them look at me. Then I let them free.

Cool Places to go in Our Country
The Grand Canyon is big and very beautiful.
Skiing down a mountain in Colorado is fast.
I want to climb up inside the Statue of Liberty in New York.
I want to go deep sea fishing.
I want to see a Giant Heron in the Everglades.
I want to sit on top of Niagara Falls.
I Want to see trees tuned into stones in the Petrified Forest.
I want to be the next big Hollywood movie star.
I want to ride a Mississippi river boat.
Is Disney World a long ride?
I want to ride in a limo down the strip in Las Vegas.

Lakes and Mountains.
The blue water in this picure is a lake.
Can you point to the lake?
Some people go boating on the lake.
Can you point to the lake?
Some people like to swim in the lake.
Can you point to the lake?
The brown land in this picture are mountains.
Can you point to the mountain?
Some people like to climb mountains.
Can you point to the mountain?
Some mountains have snow on them.
Can you point to the mountain?

Art is Everywhere
The bright sun fills the sky.
A busy town full of color.
A very pretty day in the springtime.
The night can be beautiful with a full moon.
The colors reflect on the water.
This flower garden is in the city.
This cat sits up tall and proud.
A spash of colors.

Goldilocks and The Three Bears
There once lived a girl named Goldilocks.
She loved wild flowers and would go into the woods to pick them.
One day she walked so far that she got lost.
Goldilocks wasn't afraid because she knew she would find someone to tell her how to get home.
She continued to walk until at last she found a cottage.
It was the home of the three bears--the Papa Bear, the Mama Bear, and the Baby Bear.
Of course Goldilocks didn't know that.
That morning Mama bear said, "Let's make something to drink this morning."
Papa Bear said, "what do you want to make?"  You know I like tea.
Mama Bear replied, "Well dear, I will make  tea."
Baby Bear said, "what about me?  What will I drink?"
"I will make kool-aid for you."
Mama Bear decided she wanted chocolate milk.
So Mama Bear made 3 glasses of tea, 3 glasses of kool-aid and 3 glasses of chocolate milk.
Then they decided to go for a walk.
While they were gone Goldilocks came. She knocked on the door.
She knocked on the door but no one answered. So she went on in.
When she went in she found all the drinks on the table.
First she tried the tea. Papa Bear's tea was too strong, Mama Bear's tea was too weak but Baby Bear's tea was just right.
Next she tried the kool-aid. Papa Bear's was too strong, Mama Bear's was too weak but Baby Bear's was just right.
Last, she tried the chocolate milk.  Papa Bear's was too strong, Mama Bear's was too weak but Baby Bear's was just right.
She was so full she fell asleep.
Whose drink had too much solute in it?
Whose drink did not have enough solute in it?
Whose drink had just the right amount of solute in it?
What do we call a solution that has too much solute in it?

Number Two
Two is more than one.
Eat two peppers.
Two sounds like blue.
Two is less than three.
Two is cool!

Gaige
My name is Gaige.
I am three years old.
This is my family.
I have a sister named Carlie.
I have a cat named Ceasar.
My dog's name is Conner.
My favorite show is Dinosaur Train.
My favorite movie is Cars.
I like to read Dr. Seuss books.
My favorite foods are hot dogs and macaroni and cheese.
I like to play with my friends.
When I grow up I want to be a pilot and fly airplanes.
The End!

Fruits and Meats
I like apples. Apples are fruit.
I like hot dogs. Hot dogs are made of meat.
I like bananas. Bananas are fruit.
I like pork chops. Pork chops are meat.
I like cherries. Cherries are fruit.
I like turkey. Turkey is meat.
I like pears. Pears are fruit.
I like steak. Steak is meat.

Animals
Animals are awesome.
Animals come in all shapes and sizes.
Some kinds of animals can change colors.
Lots of animals hop like bunnies and kangaroos.
Animals can be slow like a turtle or fast like a cheetah
People keep animals as pets like puppies, kittens, and other animals!
In forests there are bears and cougars.
Dolphins are one of the worlds smartest animals they are fantastic swimmers. The End.

My Imaginary Wardrobe
If only I could dress like a fairy tale queen!
Instead, I have some pretty cool striped socks.
What if I could make a dress with recycled juice boxes?
Instead, I have an outfit of black and white like this one.
What if I could have a hundred colourful scarves?
Then maybe I could wrap one on my head like a turban.
If only I could dress in colourful clothing like these women!
Or I could wear a multi-coloured dress like this one.
What if I took my grandfather's old ties and made a wild outfit like this one?
What if I could design T-shirts like these?
Maybe I could find some cute slippers like these ones?
Then I could dance and twirl and stomp in my rainbow wardrobe.

Paper
I like to draw on construction paper.
You can also make a heart out of blank, white sheets of paper.
It is beatuiful.
It has stripes that I like.
It is colorful.
Color the paper in-
My parents will like what I have done today in class.

Cats and Dogs
This cat looks funny.
This cat is sitting by a plant.
This cat is looking.
This cat is cleaning.
These puppys are cute.
Yipeeeeee this is fun!
Hi brothers.
We were just born.

cliched advice
You may be as jumpy as a jackrabbit to get started.
Yet you know it is slow and steady that wins the race.
So stop and smell the roses.
But don't be whistling dixie.
Get your nose to the grindstone.
And realize all that glitters is not gold.
Still, you should try to look at the glass as half full.
Sometimes the grass is greener on the other side.
That, however, doesn't mean you shouldn't be different. So try and think outside the box.
Don't be afraid to dance to a different drummer.
If you fall get right back on the horse.
All's well that ends well.

the two bunnies
Lizzy has a friend.
Here is Lizzy's friend Izzy
Here they are together.
Here are Izzy's mom and dad
This is Lizzy's mom and dad
Izzy is going to Lizzy's house to steal Lizzy's perfume from her and and spend the night.
Izzy is still awake, but Lizzy is not and Izzy got the perfume.
Lizzy found her perfume and she is crying.
Here is Izzy laying down and smelling the perfume.
Lizzy is crying at Izzy's house
Lizz'y saw the perfume on Izzy's dresser. Izzy and Lizzy are frinds now.
Moral - dont judge a book by its cover

Looks Like
King snake looks like_____?
A leaf insect looks like _______?
Nemoria Arizonia Caterpillar looks like ___?
The Viceroy buterfly looks like ____?
The Anglerfish looks like _____?

All about Polar Bears
All about Polar Bears
Polar Bears live in very cold climates.
Polar Bears swim in the Arctic Ocean.
Polar Bears live on fish and seals
Polar Bears can be ten feet tall and weigh 1700 pounds.
These bears are becoming endangered because of Global Warming.

February
Next month is February. There's a lot going on in February!
The superbowl is in February.
Valentine's Day is in February.
President's Day is in February.
There is no school on President's Day!
There are a lot of birthdays in February.
B.L.A.S.T. week is in February.
The Teachers versus Students basketball game is in February.
Who will win?

The Number 8
This is the number 8.
Here are 8 hats they will keep the sun out of our eyes.
Can you point to the number 8?
Here are 8 pine cones that were under the tree.
Can you point to the number 8?
Here are 8 snakes. Be careful around them.
Can you point to the number 8?
Here are 8 stamps to put on your letters.
Can you point to the number 8?
Here are 8 tacos. I hope your hungry.
Can you point to the number 8?
This is the number 8.

The Letter "m"
This is the letter m.
The word map begins with the letter m.
We could use this map to find treasure.
Can you point to the letter m?
The word milk begins with the letter m.
Some people like to dip their cookies in milk. Do you?
Can you point to the letter m?
The word mother begins with the letter m.
This mother is reading to her daughter.
Can you point to the letter m?
The word mop begins with the letter m.
This boy is mopping the floor.
Can you point to the letter m?
This is the letter m.
Point to the letter m.

All About the Dime
This is a dime. It is worth ten cents.
The dime has President Roosevelt's face on the front of it.
The dime has a torch, an olive branch and an oak branch on the back of it.
Can you point to the dime?
Here is another dime.
Can you point to the dime?
This dime is standing on its side.
Can you point to the dime?
Here is a dime next to an origami bird.
Can you point to the dime?
Someone is holding this dime. I wonder who it is.
Can you point to the dime?
Oh, a tiny crab is on this dime. Don't let it bite you.
Can you point to the dime?
Here are lots of dimes.
These dimes are stacked up.
Can you point to the dime?
This is a dime.

Ordering lunch
What will I eat for lunch today?
I want pizza. I want pepperoni.
I do not like cheese pizza.
I want corn.
I want cherries.
I want green beans.
I want apricots.

Earth's Layers
Earth's Layers
Earth has a crust.
Like an egg.
Earth has a mantle.
Like the white of a hardboiled egg.
Earth has an outer core.
Like the yolk.
Earth has an inner core.
Like a pea in a harboiled egg.
I like earth science!

Words that rhyme with -at
I see a cat.
I see a bat.
I see a hat.
I see a rat.
I see a fat pig.
I see a mat.

Justin Timberlake
This is a book about Justin Timberlake.
Justin has famous friends like the rapper TI.
TI and Justin recorded a song.
The name of the song Justin and TI did is Dead and Gone.
One sport that he likes is playing golf.
Another sport that he likes is basketball.
He had tattoos in this movie, but not in real life.
Justin likes to work out.
This is a nice shot of him at his concert.
50 Cent and Justin Timberlake made a rap song.
This is the video shoot for Dead and Gone.
Justified is one of Justin's best albums.
You should go see him at a concert sometime.

Florida Colors
Colors abound.
Purple Skies.
Red fireworks.
Blue water.
Green plants.
White bird.
Gray elephant.
Black clouds.
Orange duck bill.
Yellow sun.
Pink castle.
What was your favorite color?

Nova Scotia
This is the lighthouse at Peggy's Cove.
There are beautiful sunsets at Peggy's Cove.
This is the airport near Halifax, the capital city of Nova Scotia.
Come to Nova Scotia to see our beautiful province.

A Magic World
The first thing I saw was the castle.
It is a truly beautiful place at night.
The fireworks are lovely.
I enjoyed watching them.
Disney World is a magic world.

Tired of Snow!
In New England, we are getting tired of snow!
It has snowed once a week since Christmas of 2010.
At first, the snow was fun!
Then, it was just ok.
Now, we are tired of it.  And it won't melt!

Sharks
Sharks are fish. Their skeletons are made of cartilage.
Sharks are dark on top and light on the bottom.
Sharks swim by swinging their tails from side to side.
Sharks have a good sense of smell. They can see in the dark.
Sharks have many rows of teeth.
Most sharks eat fish. Some eat plants and small animals.
This is a Hammerhead shark.
Sharks are scary, but most of them do not attack people.
We need to protect sharks because they are important to our oceans.

Stars and Stripes Flag
This is the Stars and Stripes Flag.
It is a symbol of the United States of America. That is where we live.
The flag is red.
It flag is white.
The flag is blue.
The red and white colors are in stripes.
The blue is in the top left corner.
There are 50 white stars on the flag.
We are going to make an American flag cake!
We will use white cake.
We will also use red and blue jello.
We will spread a honey mixture over the cake and jello to make it sticky!
Then we will place sliced red strawberries on top of the red jello stripes.
And white banana slices on top of the white cake stripes.
And blueberries on top of the blue jello square.
The last thing we will do is eat our cake!

Bullying
What can WE do about bullying?
Bullies are:
NOT COOL
Bullies are:
NOT FRIENDLY
Bullies are:
NOT POPULAR
Bullies are:
NOT RESPECTED
Bullies are:
NOT WELCOME
Bullies are:
NOT ACCEPTED
Bullies are:
NOT OKAY

Opposites
Opposites
The hands are open.
The ocean is closed.
The balloon is going up.
The balloon is coming down.
The bear is big.
The mouse is little.
This is a cold place.
This is a hot place.
This moves fast.
This moves slow.
Arrow points right.
Arrow points left.
The cat is fat.
The robot is skinny.
The children are happy.
The woman is sad.
The buildings are tall.
The gnomes are short.

Dancing
Dancing takes a lot of skill.
It takes strength.
It takes coordination.
It takes balance.
Balance can be tricky!
Dancing is fun with friends.
Dancing is fun!

Everyone Likes to Act Silly!
I've noticed that I am not the only silly one!
See what I mean?
Even in the old days!
And in other countries.
Do you like to act silly too?
I'll bet you do.
Even my cat friends crack me up.
Ha! See! Caught you!

Hot Wheels
This is one of the biggest collection of Hot Wheels you can put on one picture.
I like the ones that jump.
This is the best truck in history because my teacher doesn't drive it.
The limo goes really fast.  It looks like a Hot Wheels to me.
Only cool people can drive this car.
This car looks like my favorite.
This guy is a huge Hot Wheels fan.
I like this car because it looks cool.
I like motorcycles because they look like fun to ride.
The monster truck crashes cars everyday.
This car looks pretty weird, yet I want to drive it.
If the green truck hit a bump, it would tip over to the side.
This is a car and a boat.  The wheels are underneath.
This is the coolest metal car ever.
But our teacher thinks this is the coolest car of all.

T-Rex Facts
A T-Rex skull is huge!
He eats meat.
His jaws can crush bones.
It's front legs are small.
It lived in the Jurassic Period.
It has cone shaped teeth.
It has two claws for digging in it's prey.
It could eat 500 pounds of meat in one bite!

The Letter T Book.
The Letter T Book.
Turtle startes with the letter T.
Tire startes with the letter T.
Truck starts with the letter T.
Tiger starts with the letter T.
Tree starts with the letter T.
Table starts with the letter T.
Tooth starts with the letter T.
Two starts with the letter T.
Tomato starts with the letter T.

Jose's calendar
January is the first month of the year.
This is when we celebrate the new year.
February is the second month of the year. This is when we celebrate Valentines Day.
March is the third month of the year.
This is when we celebrate Saint Patrick’s Day.
April is the fourth month of the year.
We celebrate Easter in April.
May is the fifth month of the year.
This is when we celebrate Mother’s Day.
June is the sixth month of the year.
This is when we celebrate Father’s Day.
July is the seventh month of the year.
This is when we celebrate Independence Day.
August is the eighth month the year.
We take a vacation in the summer.
September is the ninth month of the 
year. We come to school in the fall.
October is the tenth month of the year.
This is when we celebrate Halloween.
November is the eleventh month of the year. This is when we celebrate Thanksgiving.
December is the last month of the year.
This is when we celebrate Christmas.

Tilan's calendar
On January 1st, we celebrate the new year.
February is the month to say “I love you”.
March is the luckiest month.
April is the time for an Easter egg hunt.
May 8th is Mothers Day.
We celebrate Father’s Day in June.
In July, we see fireworks.
In August, I go to the beach.
I like to eat hot dogs on Labor Day.
October is the time to dress up like a wolf for Halloween.
I like to go to the Thanksgiving Day Parade in November.
Christmas is in December.

Jared adventures part 2
Jared was sent to the wrong period.
Jared was sent to the ninja period...
and so he became a ninja.
He made friends on his journey.
He fought skeletons.
He was a powerful ninja.
He knew how to hypnotize bad guys.
He had lots of fights.
Jared decided to go back to his time and he did.

Wolverines
Wolverines stay on top of the snow by running.
The wolverine is protective.
The wolverine is shy.
The wolverine is scarcely seen.
The wolverine is related to  weasels.
The baby wolverine is a kit.
The wolverine has bad eyesight.
The wolverine is fierce.

Penguins
Penguins
Penguins can swim.
Penguins clean themselves with their beaks.
Penguins lay eggs.
Penguins do not fly.
Penguins like snow.
They like to be in the snow.
Penguins live in big groups.

Dana's Favorite Polar Animal
Dana's Favorite Polar Animal
Polar bears live in the Arctic.
Polar bears are born on land,
but they spend most of their life at sea.
The polar bears molt from May to August.
The polar bear is closely related to the brown bear.
Polar bears have blubber under their skin .

Pandas
Pandas are becoming extinct.
Pandas eat bamboo.
This panda is playing with its ball.
This panda is relaxing under the tree's leaves.
This panda is playing hide and go seek.
These pandas are playing with each other.
Time to go to sleep.
The end

Grand Army Plaza in Brooklyn
This is Soldiers and Sailors Arch of the Grand Army Plaza.
It was built in 1894.
It has some beautiful sculptures of heroes and winged goddesses.
This beautiful sculpture is on top of the arch.
Say hello to Neptune in Bailey Fountain.
This is the fountain of Wisdom and Felicity, a place where lots of people have been married.
The West Indian Carnival is celebrated at Grand Army Plaza and in Prospect Park.
There are many people from the Caribbean who live in New York.
The NYPD keep close watch.
Some people ride around the Plaza in a horse drawn carriage.
There are sweet blueberries on sale at the Farmer's Market on Saturdays.

All about Jaden Smith
This is Jaden Smith. He is a movie star.
I like the movies he has been in.
He sings a song with Justin Bieber.
Jaden comes from a Hollywood family. His mom and dad are actors.
He really had to learn karate for the movie he was in.
I like how he braids his hair.
He was in the Karate Kid movie this summer.
Look at those abs!
This is a really high kick.
Doesn't he look tough?
I like his style.
He has to go to a bunch of awards shows.
I hope he wins a lot of awards.

Kea's nouns
I am a dancer.
I am a singer.
I am a bike rider.
I am a heart breaker.
I am a sister.
I am a girlfriend.
I am a daughter.

Winter Fun
In winter, it's fun to build snowmen.
In winter, it's fun to sled.
In winter, it's fun to go snowboarding.
In winter, it's fun to go tubing.
In winter, it's fun to taste snow.
In winter, it's fun to go ice skating.
In winter, we just love snow!

Basketball, anyone?
Do you want to play basketball?
You have to practice a lot.
Your friends can practice with you.
You need to practice every day.
Your friends can help you.
Can you make the shot?
Yes! Practicing helps!
You can think about basketball.
You can watch basketball on TV.
You can go to a basketball game.
But it will not help you like practicing.
Practicing is how you get better.
You could practice your jumps.
You could practice your shooting.
You could practice your dribbling.
You could practice with someone who is taller.
Practice helps you play on a team.
So, are you ready to practice?

Different Facts About Vietnam
Vietnam is located by the South China Sea.
Vietnamese is the official language of Vietnam.
The Dong is the official currency or money of Vietnam.
This is the flag of Vietnam. The flag on the left is used by the North. The flag on the right is used by the South.
Some holidays celebrated in Vietnam are Hung Kings, New Years, and the Vietnamese New Year Tet.
Vietnam has monsoons all year long.
The Vietnamese culture uses many fruits and vegetables with their rice.
Tigers are one of the rare animals in Vietnam.
Soccer is a sport that is played in Vietnam. Other sports played in Vietnam are rugby, boxing, tennis, swimming, and Judo.
The End!

Fun at the Beach
A little girl standing on the beach.
Mom and dad enjoying the sun.
Children playing in the sand.
Running in the water.
A lot of people enjoying the beach.
Sun tanning and relaxing on the sand.
Taking a little swim.
Walking along the shore.

Colors of Winter
The sky is yellow.
Orange looks warm.
Flaming red fills the sky.
Purple is awesome.
These clouds look stormy.
The sun is setting.
See the long dark shadows.
This blue looks cold.

White Bean Sausage Soup
We are going to make white bean and sausage soup.
Here are the ingredients we will need:
We need to chop 2 cups of onions.
We need to slice 2 cups of carrots.
We need to cook and slice 1 pound of sausage.
We need 4 tablespoons of butter.
We need to chop 3 tablespoons of parsley.
We need 1 teaspoon of thyme.
We need 1 bay leaf.
We need to chop 3 cloves of garlic.
We need 8 cups of chicken stock.
We need to soak a bag of white beans for 24 hours.
We need to chop 2 cups of collard greens.

Noises We Make
We sneeze!
We cough!
We cry!
We yawn!
We burp!
We hiccup!
And sometimes we need to say "Excuse me."

How to Bake Chocolate Chip Cookies
How to Bake Chocolate Chip Cookies, by Jaime and Miss Donna
Turn the oven to 375 degrees.
Get the ingredients. One stick of butter.
One egg.
One box of cookie mix.
Put the butter in the microwave for 10 seconds.
Get a bowl and fork.
Crack and beat the egg in the bowl.  Put the butter in the bowl.
Add the cookie mix.  Mix it with your hands.
Roll the dough into balls.
Put them on the cookie sheet.
Put them in the oven for 12 minutes.
When they're done, put the cookies on a plate to cool off.
Get a big glass of milk and enjoy some delicious chocolate chip cookies!

Monkeys
Monkeys like to play.
These monkeys are hanging out together.
Monkeys check each other for bugs.
These monkeys are playing with each other.
This monkey is waving hi.
These monkeys are dancing.
These monkeys are 
watching the sunset.

Signs
I stop at the crosswalk or Ped X-ing.
I walk on Go.
Sorry, the store is closed.
Danger, Do Not Enter!
Caution, Floor is wet.
Emergency Exit!
I can get a bandaid at the First Aid Place.
Boys, go to the bathroom at the Mens or Gentleman bathroom.
Girls, Go to the bathroom in the Ladies or Women bathroom.  This bathroom can be used if you are handicap.

Isaiah, Matt and Zack
Look at me!
Zack, you're such a show off!
I wish I could do that.
That was sick, Matt.
Get down from there, Matt!
That was cool, Isaiah.
Dude that was sick.
Lets go Isaiah.
That was cool, Matt.
Look at the manuel, Isaiah.
I'm doing a back flip.
Lets go, lets jump.
Sweet dude!
You popped a tire, Isaiah.
That's the most air I can get.

Xbox 360
This is an Xbox machine.
This Xbox can connect to an iPod.
There are many different kinds of video games that it can play.
I like this shiny Xbox.
These are my favorite games to play.

My Trip to the Doctor
I went to the doctor yesterday.
We went in the elevator and down the hall to the Doctor's floor.
We waited in the waiting room. It was crowded! We watched a movie.
We went in the exam room.
I stood on the scale to see how much I weighed and how tall I was!
The nurse took my temperature. The nurse smelled like soap.
I sat on the wax paper on the Doctor's table.
The doctor looked in my ears with her otoscope. She also looked in my mouth!
The doctor took my blood pressure with a little squeeze.
She listened to my heart beat with her stethoscope.
She felt my tummy and checked my reflexes with the reflex hammer.
The doctor leaned down on the wax paper one more time and used the alcohol wipes and gave me 3 needle shots.
That hurt! I did not get a band aid this time.
The doctor gave me a whole bunch of tongue depressors.
Then I waited while the doctor saw my sister.
The doctor asked us some questions and gave us some medicine.
Then we went home.
I am glad to have doctors to help keep us healthy!

Kualii's Favorite Things
My favorite color is green.
My favorite food is a sandwich.
My favorite holiday is Christmas.
My favorite sport is track.
I like fish.

What Quadir can see
I can see a Chicken
I can see a cow.
I can see a dog.
I can see a cat.
I can see a duck.
I can see a farmer
I can eat corn.

The K Sound
The K sound can be made many ways. Here are some "K" sound words in sentences.
This is a king.
These are cans.
This is a quarter.
This is a picture at Christmas.
These are cats.
These are kites.
This is a car.
Think of other "K" sound words.

Hats I See
Hats, hats, hats I see.
This is the hat for me.
Cats, cats, cats I see.
This is the cat for me.
Mats, mats, mats I see.
This is the mat for me.
Bats, bats, bats I see.
This is the bat for me.
Rats, rats, rats I see.
This is the rat for me.

This Is A Cat
This is a cat.
This is a hat.
This is a hat on a cat.
This is a cat on a hat.
This is a mat.
This is a cat on a mat.
This is a mat on a cat.
This is a rat.
This is a rat on a cat.
This is a cat on a rat.
This is a bat.
This is a bat on a cat!
This is a fat cat!

I make food
I make spaghetti
I make cupcakes
I make a gingerbread house
I make pasta

All About the Nickel
This is a nickel. It is worth 5 cents.
The front of a nickel has Thomas Jefferson on it.
Can you point to a nickel?
The back of a nickel has the Jefferson Memorial on it.
Can you point to the nickel?
Someone is holding this nickel.
Can you point to the nickel?
This is an old nickel.
Can you point to the nickel?
Can you find the nickel in these coins?
This is a nickel.

GOOD THINGS FOR MY SWEETHEART
GOOD THINGS FOR MY SWEETHEART
Because you're my sweetheart, I will give you m & m candies.
Because you're my sweetheart, I will put sprinkles on your icecream.
Because you're my sweetheart, I will give you pansies.
Because you're my sweetheart, I will give you a corsage.
The End.

My Clothes
My Clothes
I have blue jeans.
I have a blue shirt.
I have a blue coat.
I have a pink coat.
I have a pink hat.
I have pink mittens.
I have pink boots.

I See Colors
I See Colors
I see a yellow bus.
I see a brown horse.
I see a black hat.
I see a gray slide.
I see a blue ball.
I see an orange pumpkin.
I see a red car.

The Letter U
Many things start with the letter u.
unicorn
umbrella
under
uniform
unicycle
United States
Uncle Sam
Can you think of another word that starts with the letter u?

Musical Instruments
This is a Les Paul guitar.
This is a tenor saxophone.
This is a cool trombone!!
This is a pink drum set.

Spirit Wolf
In the woods there lived a white wolf.
The people of Wisconsin called it the Spirit Wolf.
It was said that the wolf lived in a secret world hidden from humans.
Most people went their whole lives without seeing the wolf, except those who were in danger.
The wolf had magical powers which allowed it to heal the injured.
Some people however did not believe in the legend, like Tod.
Then one day Tod's car was crushed by an avalanche.
The spirit wolf sensed the accident and brought all the wolves close by to help dig the boy out.
That day the boy learned a valuable lesson: Seeing isn't always believing.

My Action Word Book
swimming
dancing
swinging
pulling
wearing glasses
driving a car
reading a book
locking the door
sliding down
clapping hands
blowing a big bubble
hitting the leaf
flying an airplane
singing
throwing the ball
jumping
running very fast
walking
knocking on the door

My Penguin Book
My Penguin Book
Penguins live in Antarctica.
Penguins walk with a waddle.
Penguins are small, black and white birds.
They live mostly on land.
Penguins flap their wings to help them swim.
They do not fly.
They can hold their breath for a long time.
The largest penguin is the Emperor Penguin.
Penguins stay together as a family.
Penguins can be funny.

Cameleon Adaptations
Chameleons adapt to their environment in many ways.
They have long sticky tongues. This helps them to catch their food.
They have eyes that move in different directions. They can see danger coming.
They have feet like a parrot that helps them move quickly and grasp things so they can climb easily.
The tail is useful in helping the lizard move from to branch to branch.
Chameleons are known for being able to change colors.
A chameleon will change colors when it is afraid, angry, or wants to blend in.

Things I like
I like Power Rangers.
I like Harry Potter
Movies.
Reading is
fun!
My favorite Blizzard is Mint Oreo.
Barney is awesome!
Baseball is my favorite sport.

Things I Like
I like Churches.
I like parties!
I love puppies!
I like dinner.
I like school and the bus.

I like....
I like race cars.
I like Applebee's.
I like Iron Man 2.
I like candy.
I like golden retrievers.

Hurrah for the Super Bowl
This is Dallas Stadium.  SuperBowl 44 will take place here.
People will enter here to see the greatest game of the year.
The Pittsburgh Steelers will play in the game this year.
It is very cold in Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh is playing for their seventh win.
They will be playing the Green Bay Packers. It is cold there, too.
Their fans are called Cheeseheads.
Who will win the game?
We will find out on Super Bowl Sunday!

On the farm
This is the farm I'm going to be working on.
These are the hay bales.
This is the old piece of land.
This is the barn where the equipment is kept.
The backhoe loader dug up the roots from the fallen tree.
The bulldozer pushed dirt.
This cow is grazing in the field.
This is a tractor that is planting the crops.

Rainbow
Here are the colors of the rainbow.
The color of the heart is red.
This is a lovely red.
As the sky goes down the sky turns bright orange.
This is a cute orange fox.
Look at this pretty yellow flower.
This is a funny yellow fish.
Leaves are green when it's not fall.
The tiny frog is green.
The water that surrounds the island is blue.
The sky is also blue during the day.
The sky can also be purple during the evening.

Deer Hunting
We went out hunting and shot a deer.
The deer are running.
That is a tree stand that you sit in when you go out hunting.
That's a deer that got shot.
That's a deer in the woods.
These are woods that you can go out hunting in.

Frogs
Frogs
This is a tree
frog.
This is a tadpole.
This is a pair of frog boots.
This frog is hiding from us.
These two boys have two frogs.
This is a frog cake.
We will read another book about frogs.

The basketball
I can pass, throw, catch, and bounce the basketball
That could be a very big play!
Let's go to the basketball game
Mimi practicing shooting the basketball.
My gym is full of basketball shoes.
we have a lots of fun at the big stadium.
This is an awesome old basketball hoop at Mckenna house.
My favorite team is the Lakers.

Fruit
orange
peach
strawberry
cherry
apple
watermelon

Super Bowl
The Super Bowl game is February 6.
Two NFL football teams will play.
The game will be in Arlington, Texas.
The winning team will win a trophy.
The winning team will be the NFL champion.
Last week, four teams were left in the playoffs.
The teams were: New York Jets,
Pittsburgh Steelers,
Green Bay Packers,
and Chicago Bears.

I look cute!
I look cute!
Look at my shirt.
Look at my pants.
I look cute!
Look at my jammies.
Look at my dress.
I look cute!
Look at my socks.
Look at my shoes.
I look cute!

A Day at Work
A Day at Work
It is time to start my day at work. I say, "Good Morning" to my boss.
I say, "How are you", "I am fine".
I ask, "What will I be doing today?"
I ask, "Where are the supplies?"
I finished my task. I say, "I am finished, What should I do now?"
When all of the work is done I say, "Goodbye see you next time".

Toys
Toys
I like space ships.
I like robots.
Toys are fun!

Giving Thanks
I am thankful for...
I am thankful for family (Anna).
I am thankful for family (Aldwin).
I am thankful for friends (Zachary).
I am thankful for family (Michael).
I am thankful for family (Mackenzie).
I am thankful for food (Dalton).
I am thankful
for my family
(Jeffrey).
I am thankful
for my house.
(Lisa)
I am thankful
for my family.
(Macy)
I am thankful 
for family.
(Sarah)
I am thankful 
for friends.
(Kim)
I am thankful 
for my friends
and family.
(Maddi B)
I am thankful
for books.
(Ms. O)
I am thankful
for good health.
(Deb)
I am thankful
for family.
(Teresa)
I am thankful
for food.
(Connor)
I am thankful
for family.
(Lauren)
I am thankful 
for family and food.
(Emma)

Lessons To Learn
Don't stop till the neighbors knock.
Everything that goes up, must come down.
We all end up in the same place, life is a competition to see who can have more fun before that.
Kindness and hard work will take you further than intelligence.
Never give up.
Always know where the barf bag is.
If it looks like it, smells like it, then it probably is it.
Always leave a window unlocked.
Watch peoples hands.
Always stay classy.

Chinese New Year
Happy Chinese New Year
2010 was the Year of the Tiger
There are 12 animals of the Chinese zodiac. 2011 is the Year of the Rabbit.
Special foods like dumplings, oranges, and long noodles are eaten.
Dragon dances are performed to keep away bad luck.
Fireworks are set off to scare away bad spirits.
Families light lanterns to symbolize the brightness of spring.
The 15 day celebration ends with a lantern festival.

What Do You Do For Fun?
What do I do for fun? I like to play baseball.
I like to walk by the lake.
I like to cook food in the kitchen.
I enjoy dancing on the stage.
For fun, I like to go shopping.
Basketball is fun to do in my spare time.
The playground is an amazing place to play!
There is so much to do for fun!

Having Sparkling Teeth.
How can I get sparkling teeth?
You need a toothbrush.
Brush, brush, brush.
You need 
toothpaste.
Brush, brush, brush.
You need water.
Brush, brush, brush.
Wet your 
toothbrush.
Brush, brush, brush.
Toothpaste on toothbrush
Brush, brush, brush
Brush up and down.
Brush, brush, brush.
Brush side to side.
Brush, brush, brush.
Don't forget the back.
Brush, brush, brush
Rinse your teeth.
Brush, brush, brush.
Clean your toothbrush.
Now you have a sparkling teeth.

Having a Wonderful Chinese New Year
Having a Wonderful Chinese New Year!
Brooms are used to sweep out bad luck.
Firecrackers must explode to get evil spirits to go away.
Gifts of money in envelopes decorated with red and gold.
Paper Lanterns are lit throughout the streets.
A lion dancing to a beat.
And a bunch of yummy dumplings ready to eat.
Have a wonderful Chinese New Year.

I LOVE SNOW
I Love Snow!
These are snow troopers.
There are penguins in the snow.
The tiger is in the snow playing.
The sun is coming up to melt the ice.
The wolf is waking up and looking for food in the snow.
The polar bear is diving in the cold water for fish.
We love to go sledding!
Snow is fun!

Bowling
We went bowling today.
First, we rode the bus with our friends.
When we got there, we took off our shoes,
and put on special bowling shoes.
We had to find our name, so we knew where to bowl.
We all found a ball to use.
Then we started bowling.
Some of us used the ramp.
Some of us did not use the ramp.
We had the roll the ball very fast.
Eugene even got a strike!
We had a great time.

Life Lessons
Life Lessons
By: Zach Benn
Follow your dreams, and do whats best for you!
Never Ever Ever Give Up!
Be the best you can be!
Graduate from High School!
Go to College
Try for a  Scholarship!
Be great at what ever job you do.
Have a great role model.
Budget and spend your money wisely!
Plan ahead for retirement.
Believe in yourself.

Isaiah and my Friends
I got to meet Shawn White.
I'm going down the hill. Yeah! Woo Hoo!
I jumped it!
Look at my friend, Matt.
My friend is CRAZY!
Those are the best snowboards that I got for Christmas.
Until I got another one, the other day.
These are my friends, we're awesome.
Ready to take off, soon dude.
Look at my girlfriend, she snow boards too.
I got more snow boards, those are way better.
Look at that cow, he's got some mean skills! Moo.

Lego is the Best Toy in the World
You can make people with it.
You can make dioramas with it.
You can make crazy creatures with it.
You can make life-like flying machines with it.
You can make imaginary space ships too!
I would like to live in this city.
Shopping here would be great fun.

St.Patrick's Day
March 17
shamrocks
leprachaun
green
mint shake
parade

Railfanespee's Hard-Won Life Lessons
Hold your head up high to the world, no matter how you feel inside...
But don't build a wall. Find someone you trust, and open up to them.
Follow your heart, and chase your dreams.
Trust your moral compass, and you'll know what's right.
When life drags you down, don't take the easy way out.
Pour your emotions onto the page, or onto a lighted stage.
Don't spend your life hiding from the shadows.
Because the sun will always come again
Never raise the white flag, even if things seem hopeless.
Just turn the page and start again.

Isaiah's skills
Look at my shadow.
I believe I can fly!
Oh Yeah! Going down the hill.
In the powder!
Woo Hoo! Looks like fun!
I look good, don't I.

Rides!
I like rides.
Fast rides.
Slow rides.
Train rides.
Ferris wheel rides.
Colorful rides.
Spinning rides.
Sitting rides.
Night rides.
Wonder rides.
Swing rides.
Ski-lift rides.
Roller coaster rides.
Slide rides.
Twisted rides.
I like rides.

Pizza
Pizza are round circles.
Sometimes you put pepperoni's on the pizza.
This pizza is shaped like a cat.
Pizza Hut is a place to eat pizza.
I eat pizza at home.
This pizza is creamy and yummy.
I love pizza!!

Marieski's advice of life
Turn that frown upside down.
Warning: Don't get to close to fires.
Hugs not Drugs.
Don't forget to tie your shoes!
Click it or ticket.
Don't end up like this kid.
Hug a tree.
Love your Buds
Don't hate.
Use your common sense. It's for the best.
No running with scissors.
JUST BE YOU.

How Wolves Survive
A story about Wolves.
Wolves fight in battle.
Wolves howl in the moonlight to contact other Wolves.
Wolves hunt in packs.
Wolves kill animals to survive.
Wolves have leaders who lead the pack.

Ships
It would be fun to take a vacation.
We could travel across the _____________.
We could ride on a big ____________.
There would be lots of __________ on board.
Maybe we could dock on ____________ for a day.
Some people might ___________ want to get off the ship.
We could come back and tell them where we _____________.
There would be a lot of things to see.
Wouldn't it be fun to travel all around the Earth?

life lessons
Choose your path in life carefully.
Stay strong
Friends are important
Face your fears
Respect others
Every life is wroth saving
Promote peace on earth
Love comes and goes
Evil never wins
Be smart

Looking forward
By Natasha
If you don't pick the right path you could end up somewhere you don't want to be
If you don't finish school you won't get the career you want.
Keep your friends close, but keep your enemies closer.
Don't sweat the small stuff.
Dream as if you live forever live as if you'll die today.
Love as much as you breath and love as long as you live.
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.
Look at life through the windsheild, not the rear-view mirror.
Life is like a drawing without an eraser.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start a new day an make a new ending.

Easy to find by: Dakota
When your nice to other people most of the time they are nice back to you.
Stay happy because if your happy the people around you will be happy.
Eat food, alot of food.
After you eat a lot. Run a lot to burn fat!
Do something that you like to do that makes you, you.
Get a job and do work.
Make new friends
Go to so,me partys have fun.
Dont do drugs! They are very bad for you.
Go Green.
Go in peace.

J'Shaun's Power Rangers
Here is the red Power Ranger.
Here is the yellow Power Ranger.
Here is the blue Power Ranger talking to a mom.
Here is the green Power Ranger.
Here is the silver Power Ranger.
Here are the Power Rangers with Spiderman.
Here is the Power Ranger car.
Here is the red Power Ranger with the pink Power Ranger.

Symbols of America
America has many symbols.
The flag is a symbol of our freedom.
Mount Rushmore is a monument to 4 Presidents.
The Statue of Liberty welcomes people to America.
The Bald Eagle shows that our country is strong.
The Liberty bell rings for our freedom.
The White House is where the President lives.
George Washington was the first President.
This is the memorial to  Washington.
Abraham Lincoln was a famous President.
The Thomas Jefferson memorial is beautiful.
We are free in America.

The Number One
One.
One is more than none.
One is less than two.
Eat one piece of broccoli.
One sounds like fun!

Valentine's Day is....
Valentine's Day is love!
Valentine's Day is hearts!
Valentine's Day is a cupcake!
Valentine's Day is a card!
Valentine's Day is a box of candy!
Valentine's Day is Cupid!
Valentine's Day is pink and red!
Valentine's day is a friend!
Valentine's Day is a red rose!
Happy Valentine's Day!

Some Life Lessons.
Be happy. Seriously, it does wonders.
Carpe Diem - seize the day.
Take yoga, it helps relieve stress.
Follow your passions.
Laugh - it'll lighten the mood.
If you're under stress, do something different - roll up your sleeves, eat a clementine.
Don't try to be something you're not - be yourself.
Visualize the ocean when you're under pressure.
Getting a job will get you both extra responsibility and money.
If you're feeling down, think of the funniest thing possible. it'll help.
Keep your friends close. Nobody should  be alone.

life-101
Be nice to everyone.
Have many friends.
Be careful at all times.
Be active.
Beware of bad people.
Learn how to keep money.
Get a stable job.
Help the needy.
Attend a school.
Find a suitable hobby.

Winter X Games
Welcome to the Winter X Games.
Aspen Colorado will host the games.
The action is at night.
Shaun White is the best snowboarder.
Snowboarders sometimes take extreme risks.
Sammy Carlson is a good skier.
The skiing tricks are big.
Caleb Moore is the top athlete for snowmobiling.
Here he is doing a backflip trick!
The Winter X Games will be held from Jan. 27-30, 2011.  Check it out!

Things I live by, or would like to live by.
Always be prepared for the worst, and hope for the best.
The key to success, is to keep moving forward.
Lying is wrong, but if you must lie, take it to the grave.
You should take everything in moderation.
Live life to it's fullest, you never know what day may be your last.
Think before you talk.
Some things are better left unsaid.
Have confidence in yourself.
Everything in life has it's purpose.
Try not dwelling on the past.

Inspiration~
Strength for today. Hope for tomorrow.
Live life
 with no regrets.
Don't stand where the sun doesn't shine.
Live life, Laugh lots and Love forever.
Learn from your mistakes.
When all else fails simple smile.
Two steps forward is better then one step back.
Don't let 
your dreams
 pass you by.
Everyday is a
 new day.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.

The Game of Life: Lessons Learned
The older you get, the more complicated life becomes.
Everything will pass eventually, just like the sun.
Sisters are always your best friends even though you fight.
Most of the time parents are just looking out for you.
Being the middle child is the best.
Books take you to places you might not ever go.
Family is always there when you need them.
True friends love you for you.
Don't take anything for granted because it might soon be gone.
We're all the same, trying to find our place.

The Game of Life
Abby Nash
Do nice things for people because karma is real.
It's okay to make mistakes.
Listen to good music.
Don't steal.
Eat your vegetables.
Travel.
Always try new things.
Naps are for the better.
Always take advantage of a good sale.
Be your own person.
Enjoy great movies.

What To Learn While We're Here
Life is short, So live each day like there's no tomorrow!
Family should be the most important part of your life.
Fight for what you love.
Live with no regrets.
Be thankful for what you do have.
Have a hobby and do something you love!
Be happy.
Fall in love and spend your life with someone who's worth it.
Have a best friend to get you through the hard times.
Thank your parents for the way they raised you!

Things to live by
If you love two people, pick the second, because if you really loved the first, you wouldn't have fallen for the second.
When angry, count to ten before speaking; when very angry, one hundred.
Do not try to solve serious matters in the middle of the night.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
People often say that 'beauty is in the eye of the beholder,' and you are the beholder.
Mistakes are a part of being human.
What we do for ourselves dies with us, but what we do for others lives forever.
People will for get what you said, people will forget what you did, but they will never forget how you made them feel.
Who you are speaks so loudly I can't hear what you're saying.
Never apologize for who you are.

Hope For the World
Through the fog there is hope in the distance.
Always show submission to your authority.
Be the one who stands out.
Life is one of the most precious gifts, use it wisely.
Always smile, you never know who is falling in love with it.
Take one step at a time.
If you don't like how things are, change it!
It's a locked door of the past, so there is no tuning back.
You never know the full truth about someone, therefore you cannot judge.
Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped

What's For Lunch?
It is lunch time. What is for lunch?
First, I find a sandwich.
I find an apple too.
Also, I have carrots.
I have juice to drink.
Sarah took out her lunch. What does she have?
Sarah has a hamburger.
She also has french fries.
She has soda to drink.
Who has a healthier lunch?

Matt the Rat
Hello, I am Matt the rat.
I like to wear a cute hat.
Sometimes I feel fat.
I am afraid of the cat.
But with the mouse I like to chat.
People chase me with a bat.
I can run across the kitchen in 5 seconds flat.
I am trained in combat.
I am Matt the rat.

Dogs by Jared R
Dogs can eat mostly anthing.
Dogs can be funny.
Dogs are good listeners.
Dogs love to chase balls.
Dogs can be very lazy.
Dog are different colors.
Some dogs love the snow.
And some dogs are just snug-gable,

Advice by Thomas McKiernan
Be Kind
Be Patient
Believe In Yourself
Don't Do Drugs
Don't Judge Too Quickly
Never Give Up
Have Self-Control
See Things With An Open Mind
Don't Text and Drive
Work Hard

Andrew's Words to Live On
Make everyday be the best day of your life.
Do the best you can in your life.
Do not be a quitter.
Use your time wisely.
Turn your bad day into a good day.
Control your self in bad situations
Life is a box of chocolates.
Live life to the fullest.
A little difference to change your life.
Use your time wisely.

Picking andrews mind
If you can't beat them join them.
Life is like finding the needle in a hay stack.
Live life to the fullest.
Use your time wisely.
Life is like a video game.
Love comes time to time.
Life is a box of chocolate.
Go with your life
It just takes a little difference to change your life.

The Values of Life
Laugh everyday
Life is full of excitement.
You can achieve anything if you try.
Express yourself.
The sky is the limit.
Don't sweat the small things.
Seek peace.
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
Be the king of your castle.
Dont bite off more than you can chew.
Family first.
Dare to dream.

Better Than Cereal
Drink milk, it makes you stronger.
Don't hurt people.
You shouldn't steal.
Treat others the way you want to be treated.
Don't break the law.
Eat healthy foods.
Keep your body in shape.
Have fun all the time.
Make a lot of friends.
Be happy.

Life Lessons Things We Usually Don't Care About
Life is a lesson you'll learn it when you're through.
I learned money is a lousy way of keeping score.
Follow your dreams and transform your life.
Each person must live their life as a model for others.
I hope life isn't a big joke because I don't get it.
Life isn't fair. It's just fairer than death that's all.
To succeed in life you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone, and a funny bone.
Life is like a coin. You spend it any way you wish, but you may only spend it once.
Life is a sum of all your choices.
Always look on the bright side of life.

I like...
I like to eat Chinese food.
I like race cars.
I like jump roping.
I like to do karate.
I like going to the waterpark.
I like to see dirt races.

Life Lessons by the Fireplace
Do what you want to do in the face of those who doubt you.
Make sure you're in good health before sharing food or drink with others.
Instead of complaining, do something about it.
Appreciate the things that you  have.
Don't be afraid to try new things.
Don't chug milk before checking the expiration date.
Don't procrastinate, it will lead to bad habits and failure.
Feeling sorry for yourself just decreases your productivity and drags you down.
Saving money for the future is a good idea and shows restraint.
Pursue your interests instead of getting a job you don't like.
Making mistakes can be a good thing, because you can learn from them.

Words of Wisdom
A smile strengthens the most important muscle in your body, your heart.
Dance like no one is watching.
In order to succeed, you must first be willing to fail.
Part of loving is learning to let go.
A friend is someone who is there for you when they want to be somewhere else.
Fun is good.
Brothers and sisters are the best kind of friends.
There is nothing wrong with change, as long as it's in the right direction.
Don't cry because it's over. smile because it happened.
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a dream.

Life Lessons, what you must know.
Life is like a road. There are many roads in life to take.
You will have to learn about the responsibility of money.
There will be many difficulties to face.
You must learn how to beat the game of life.
You will learn from your failures.
All responsibilities will be crucial.
You will be able to help other people with your knowledge.
You won't make the same  mistakes again.
You won't fool around anymore in situations.
You will be prepared for other life lessons.

Ethan's Lessons for a exuberant life
Safety first. remember to always wear a seat-belt.
Girls like when you practice good oral hygiene.
Never run too low on the dough.
Practice makes perfect.
Remember to get your eight hours of sleep.
Eat breakfast to stay healthy.
Learn from ace, pets will keep you company.
Try to think positively.
Develop the ability to "zone out" boring things.
Always trim fingernails to make and maintain friends.
Reduce, reuse, and recycle. For a cleaner world.
Tell your mommy you love her.

Life Lessons
It's the simple things in life that are the most extraordinary.
There is nothing to hold you back, except yourself.
Follow your dreams.
You will encounter obstacles and take detours while realizing your dreams.
Live life without fear.
Take lots of pictures.  Someday you’ll be really glad you did.
Motivation comes in short bursts.  Act while it’s hot.
Carelessness is the root of failure.
Time heals all wounds… regardless of how you feel right now.
Live life with no regrets.

Life lessons
A journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
In order to be successful, you must work hard in school.
When you get a lot of money, spend it wisely.
If you are Wealthy, treat a poor person with respect.
Always try to reach for your goals.
A friend in need is a friend in deed.
Practice makes it perfect.
Hurry hurry has no blessings.
Where there is smoke, there is fire.
Never judge a book by its cover.

The Angry Dragon
There once was a dragon named Pete.
Pete had anger issues. (Dominick)
He got angry during P.E. (Leah)
The dragon blew fire at the P.E. teacher. (Dakota)
Then the dragon burned the school down. (Tyson)
The students caught the dragon in a big net. (Nate)
He fought out and flew away. (Ray)
The End

Life Lessons
When things get tuff, don't give up, ask for help.
You shouldn't dwell on things, life's too short.
Who cares what people think, it doesn't matter. Just be yourself.
Treat others as you want to be treated.
Stop and think about your actions before you act impulsively on them.
Love like you never loved before, you only live once.
Phone's aren't everything, what about old fashioned talking in person?
When you feel like harming some one, do something, or talk to that person.
Do well in school, you'll need it in the future.
Try hard in everything you do, it'll benifit you in some way.

Pixar Cars
Pixar Studios made Cars.
Pixar made Lightning McQueen. He is a hot shot race car.
Pixar made Sally. She works at the Cozy Cone Motel.
Pixar made Doc Hudson. He has a power boost.
Pixar made Chick Hicks. He likes bumping into the other cars.
Pixar made Lizzie. She is a little old lady.
Pixar made Snot Rod. He sneezes a lot.
Pixar made Filmore. He gives everybody fuel.
All of the cars go on tour in the Pixar trailer.
Watch for them in a town near you!

My Family Means.
My family means a lot.
My Family means going to places.
My Family means playing together.
My Family means getting together.
My Family means "Thank you for your wonderful friendship".
All family's not allways agree.
My family is allways happy.
My family is having a lot of fun.
My Family means love.

Fifty Two
Life lessons:
Use your brain.
Take time to relax.
Stay close with family.
Enjoy the little things.
Look at things from a different perspective.
Sleep in when you need it.
Be colorful.
Do what you want to do.
Face your fears.
Be unique.

Life Is Good
A dog in the park
It likes to play and bark.
Life is good.
Dancing around
Going to the circus and seeing a clown.
Life is good.
Water that is blue.
Going somewhere new.
Life is good.

A Valentine's Day Poem
A Valentine's Day poem for you...
Sunsets can be red,
The sky can be blue,
Candy is sweet,
and you can be too!
Strawberries are red,
Eyes can be blue,
Fruit Loops are sweet, and you can be too!
Umbrellas can be red,
and shoes can be blue,
Ice cream is sweet, and you are too!

Sean's Bus
This is Sean's Bus.
The bus stops at Sean's house.
Sean comes to school on a bus.
Children get on Sean's bus.
This is Sean's seat on the bus.

A Riddle Book
I'm thinking of something black. Is it a cat?
No! Is it a raven?
No! Is it a sad gorilla?
No! It is black AND white. Is it a dairy cow?
No! Is it a zebra?
No! Is it a mighty tiger?
No! Is it a penguin?
No! It is black and white and read all over.
Is it a newspaper?
Yes! You figured out the riddle clues!

Making Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich
Before we begin, let's wash our hands.
Get out the supplies: peanut butter, jelly, knife, spoon, and a plate.
Put 2 slices of bread on a plate.
Open peanut butter.
Using your knife, spread peanut butter on one slice of bread.
Open your jelly and get one spoon of jelly.
Use the spoon to spread jelly onto the peanut butter side of the bread.
Put your other piece of bread on top off the peanut butter and jelly slice of bread.
The sandwich is finished!
Use a knife to cut the sandwich in half. Be very careful with the knife!
After you eat your sandwich it is time to clean up the kitchen.
Rinse off your dishes and load them in the dishwasher.

Old Yeller
This is a dog named "Old Yeller".
He is a stray dog. That means he does not have a family to love him.
Mom says Arliss and Travis can keep "Old Yeller".
Old Yeller is a good dog. He keeps the family safe.
Old Yeller gets rabies. He dies.
Arliss is so sad. He cries and cries. He misses Old Yeller.
Old Yeller had a litter of pups before he died. The family is happy to have the new puppy.

Life Lessons
Music is Fun.
Even though you have mad days, you should always smile.
Be like a pickle and just relax.
Angry people will  not make it in life.
Sometimes you just have to take chances.
Money is not the most important thing in life.
Food is an important thing in life.
When Life gets you down, Drink Apple Juice.
You can always depend on family.
If a dog can do it, so can you !

Mikevick4mvp
You only have one chance, so make a difference.
Live life to the fullest.
Don't be afraid
To take a trip...
Be like Mike!
Imagine the possibilities
If you Fall
Redeem!
The earth is in your hands

Mary's Guide to Life
Love others as yourself.
Keep family a priority.
Be joyful no matter what happens.
Help those in need.
Respect others and the choices they make.
Keep learning throughout your life.
Stand up for your beliefs.
Life is not all work, have some fun.
Care for everyone in your life, even the annoying ones.
Be open with those who love you.

Linden's Guide to Eating Out
RULES FOR EATING OUT
Don't talk with your mouth full.
Do not yell and scream.
Stay with the group.
Use a knife, fork and spoon.
Use a napkin,
Say thank you.

The Marbleworks Book
Marbleworks is a building toy that lets you roll marbles down tunnel-shaped tracks.
A box of Marbleworks comes with a lot of different pieces.
This little girl has built a Marbleworks tower as tall as she is.
This little boy is really happy playing with his Marbleworks.
This boy is dropping a marble in the hole to let it roll down.
This is a huge Marbleworks tower. She must have a lot of pieces.
Even little kids and their dads like to play with Marbleworks.
All the children in this classroom are playing with Marbleworks.
This is a medium Marbleworks tower.
You have to build the tower so it slants downhill the whole way.
The marble rolls around in the funnel before it starts rolling down through the pipes.
At the end, you have to clean up so you can play with your Marbleworks again another time.
Marbleworks are a lot of fun!
The End

Farm Animals
The cow is mooing.
The horse by the barn.
The mom sheep and
her baby.
The chicks are
yellow.
They are standing there.
The cows are looking at
the ground.
I like Simon.
There are 3 cows.
He has a bell on.
The pig is laying on the pillow.

Snow
Snow on trees.
Snow on mountains.
Snow on the road.
Snow on cars.
Snow on a house
Snow on a city.
Snow on horses.
Snow on a squirrel.
Snow on my face.
Boy on snow.

Foods
The spoon is in the bowl.
The beaver is  eating.
The pizza
is in the box.
The taco meat is in the shell.
Taco Via
The tacos are on the table.
I like M&Ms.
I like Fruit Loops.
Sue is holding
a granola bar.

lord grant
What are my strengths?
Reading books like mythology. I do scanning at Maple Grove library. I am good at computer/video games and being a good friend.
What is difficult for me?
Speaking clearly, getting up in the morning, making new friends, and doing my chores.
what are my weaknesses?
I have a learning disability.
What strategies help me deal with my disability?
I take time for myself slow down to control myself.
What resources are available to me?
Family and teachers. I also go to Reach for Resources.

Bob's Life Lessons
Bob's Life Lessons
Be nice to other people so they will be nice to you.
Have fun along the way.
Don't waste time that you could use wisely.
Live as healthy as possible.
Do things you enjoy.
Get out and see what you've been missing.
There's a time for work and a time for play.
Set a goal and reach it.
Live life to the fullest.

State Parks
Today we visited National State Parks.
Mt. Rushmore,
Yellowstone Park,
Waterfall at Yellowstone,
The Grand Canyon,
Cowboy in the Canyon,
Devil's Tower,
Buffalo at Custard State Park.

The Mitten
A little boy had a new pair of mittens.
But then he lost one in the snow.
First, a mole crawled into the mitten.
Next, a rabbit crawled into the mitten.
Then a hedgehog crawled into the mitten.
Then an owl crawled into the mitten.
Then a badger crawled into the mitten.
Then a fox crawled into the mitten.
Then a bear crawled into the mitten.
Then a mouse crawled into the mitten.
It was very crowded inside the mitten.
Then the bear sneezed.
And the mitten flew into the air.
And the boy found his lost mitten.

SPORTS
Baseball!
Tennis!
Hockey!
Gymnastics!
Soccer!
Basketball!
Car racing!
Marathon!

HEARTS
Pink Hearts
Blue Hearts
Purple Hearts
Swan Hearts
Rainbow Hearts
Big Hearts
Two Hearts
Sprinkle Hearts
Lollipop Hearts
Candy Hearts
Green Hearts
Cinnamon Hearts
Elephant Hearts
Egg Hearts
Pie Hearts

Mary's Advice for Life
Love others as yourself.
Keep family a priority.
Be joyful no matter what happens.
Help others in need.
Respect others' choices and beliefs.
Learn something new everyday.
Stand up for your beliefs.
Life is not all work, have some fun.
Care for everyone in your life (even the annoying ones).

Enjoy the Simple Things in Life (and Ames High)
Live each day to the fullest.
Stop and Smell the roses (or flowers).
Take time to enjoy the sunset.
Take time to stop and watch the clouds roll by.
Enjoy the great outdoors.
Slow things down, take your time.
Enjoy time with others you care about.
Remember that you only get to live each moment once.
Leave your worries behind and be happy, (at least some of the time).
Lastly, don't flunk out of AHS!

Morgan's Book of Advice
Learn from your mistakes, make them lessons.
Don't judge others because someone else is judging you.
Don't try to grow up too fast, you have the rest of your life to be an adult, be a kid while you can.
Learn to laugh at yourself or you'll be left out quickly.
Make dreams and go for them.
Learn from differences.
Nothing bad can come from respecting others.
Never lose your imagination.
Take risks and live life to the fullest.
Don't let someone else determine your future.

Words of Wisdom
Be who you want to be, not what others expect to see.
Follow your heart, not your mind
Be that one in a million.
Live each day like it's your last.
Follow your dreams, they'll get you far.
Smile, it's the best medicine.
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
Wherever you are, be all there.
Treat others the way you want to be treated.
Be cool, stay in school.

The Letter S
The Letter S
S is for Sun
S is for Saw
S is for Seven
S is for Socks
S is for Seal
S is for Sunflower Seeds
S is for Star
S is for Spoon
S is for Sit
S is for School

The Catfish
I see the catfish in the fish tank at school.
Some catfish are big.
Other catfish are little.
Catfish have long whiskers.
Catfish come in all shapes and sizes.

Fish I Like
The sucker fish are swimming in the water.
The sucker fish is looking for food.
The sucker fish is hungry.
I see goldfish in the fish tank at school.

Salsa dancing in the Rain
Salsa Dancing is easy to do, even in a puddle of water.
Salsa dancing is so much fun.
Now we turn and go together.
I can twirl my partner.
She jumps up on my back.
Then we twirl again.
We end with a low dip.
My partner is beautiful.

The letter B.
Ball is a B word.
Bubble is a B word.
Bee is a B word.
Bicycle is a B word.
Bus is a B word.
Beautiful and blue are B words.
Big, brown and bear are B words.
Balloon is a B word.
Brown is a B word.
Book is a B word.
Bird is a B word.

All About China
All About China
This is China. It is on the continent of Asia.
China has many, many people.
It has old people...
and young people.
Cities in China are very large.
There are many colored lights at night.
The biggest cities are by the ocean.
Most cities are small.
Chinese buildings look different than other buildings.
Do you see?
Many of the buildings are red...
and round.
There are many mountains in China.
Most of China is covered with mountains.
This is the Great Wall of China. It was built in the mountains to keep people out of China.
The Chinese write differently than most people.
Can you read this?
The animals in China are different, too. They have tigers...
and they have Pandas.
Chinese sometimes live on small boats.
They are called sanpans.
Chinese food is different also.
The Chinese eat dumplings.
The Chinese eat noodles...
and more noodles.
The Chinese eat rice...
and more rice.
The Chinese like to celebrate. They have parades.
To decorate, they hang lanterns and...
more lanterns,...
and more lanterns.
Lanterns are everywhere.
Maybe one day when I open a fortune cookie, it will say I am going to China!

Dr. King!
Dr. King was a preacher at a church.
He believed that all people should live in peace.
Dr. King led a bus boycott.
He gave speeches and changed laws.
We remember Dr. King every year in January.

Snaps
Snap-on tools
Snaps on my jacket
Snaps on my shirt
Snap a picture
Snap my pants
Snap peas
Baby snaps
Ginger snap cookies
Snap closed
Snap open
Snap fingers
Snap, crackle, pop!

Sylk's Zone
Living In Sylk's Zone
All you need is love.
John & Yoko,
Dancing with my daddy at the Red Hawk Pow Wow 2010.
My best friend in the whole wide world, Fuji; he stays at the Bronx Zoo.
Ms. Sharon & Ms. Shirley,
two cool sisters.
Me & Grandma Essie, hanging in the Congo.
See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil.
Shopping at the mall. This dress is pretty.
I love shopping at Best Buy. They have lots of movies, music and other things.
Hanging with Dr. Marion at our Halloween Party 2010.
Playing tennis in Crotona Park, with my fellow worker, 2010  SYEP.
Dancing with my co-workers, I get paid for this, you know!
Dressing up with mommy, we are fabulous faeries
I like this picture of me. I Am jamming at the Prince Concert. Madison Square Garden on mommy's Earthday..12/29/10
Met up with our mailman in China town. Hey!
So there you have it. Come And visit Sylk's Zone...See ya.

A Day At Daddy's School
Going To Visit Daddy At School.
What a beautiful autumn day! Hey, we match!
Who's Mr. K...
He is my daddy.
There he is,my daddy, moses, Mr. K.
What are we going to learn today?
Where's the kids?
Good lesson, daddy.
I like butterflies!
Always have a positive attitude.
Hey Sylk, let's shop!
I bet this is a cool class.
I'd like to come here.
Time to go...I had a nice visit.
See, I can walk down the stairs by myself.
Now I'm going home.
I live over there so I have to walk through the park.
My beautiful Crotona Park.

I Love My Daddy
Hey I want you to meet my wonderful daddy.
Hey daddy I told these people about you...
You are the best daddy in the whole wide world and I love you So much..
We dance on the beach when the sun sets.
You can even use mommy's props.
We talk about everything.
You help me clean my feet
thank you.
You help me up the stairs
thank you.
You let me help you shop for dinner.
Let's get this to.
You look so peaceful.
Just like the seagull.
And now you can rest. Thank you for a beautiful day I love you...

Tree Life Stages
In the infant stage the tree is thin and needs little attention.
In the youth stage the tree is small and grows fast.
In the prime of life stage the tree has long strong branches with leaves on them.
In the middle age stage the tree's branches are heavy and thick.
In the senior stage the tree has a flat top with branches. The tree might also have some gaps.
In the twilight stage the tree's branches break off. There will be a pile of leaves and branches on the ground.
In the death stage the tree passes away and rests in peace.
Now look out in your front or back yard. Pick a tree.
Which stage do you think that tree is in?

Basketball
Playing basketball can be fun.
Holding the orange leather ball...
Dribbling through the crowd...
Finding your spot...
Eyeing the basket...
Releasing the shot...
Watching the ball fly through the air...
Getting closer to the rim...
Falling through...
swish. SCORE!
Playing basketball can be fun.

Snow
Snow on trees.
Snow on mountains.
Snow on the road.
Snow on cars.
Snow on a house
Snow on a city.
Snow on horses.
Snow on a bunny.
Snow on my face.
Boy on snow.

I Love Fish
This is a fish.
Fish can come in many colors.
Some fish swim in the ocean.
The ocean is very deep.
Some fish live in lakes.
Some fish live in bowls.
Do you see all the fish?
A clownfish is a small fish.
Do you like fish?

Bones
Here's what we know about bones.
Hard bones.
Broken bones.
Fixed bones.
Skinny bones.
Big bones.
Tiny bones.
Long bones.
Lots of bones!

Jared's Adventure
There once was a kid named Jared who traveled back in time.
He went back to the Renaissance period and became a knight with no armor.
He traveled places by land and sea.
He fought for his life and he loved swords.
During a fight, his sword and shield got hit and flung out of his hand!
He used his hands to fight and found he was a powerful, black belt in Karate.
With his power he decides to defeat EVIL!
He made friends on his journey.
Jared was a fearless person.
Jared fought dragons.
He defeated an evil wizard that wanted to take over the world.
Jared defeated evil and traveled back to his time.
The end

Things I Like
I like to do many things.
I like reading books.
I like coloring pictures.
I like listening to music.
I like watching movies.
I like writing my name.
Most of all, I like sleeping in a bean bag chair.

I Have, You Have, We Have
I have a bandana.
You have a scarf.
I have a ribbon.
You have a ribbon.
I have a book.
You have a ball.
I have a fan.
You have tape.
We have a dog.
We have signs.
We have shaving cream.
We have fun!

Eating Healthy
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
I like fresh strawberries.
Fast food is high in fat.
Fried food is bad for your health.
Eating bad food makes you look like this.
Potato chips are my favorite, but I only eat a few.
Healthy food like fruit salad gives me energy.

Penguin colors
Penguin colors
Penguins are not red like a rose.
Penguins are not orange like a butterfly.
Penguins are not yellow like a banana.
Penguins are not green like a grasshopper.
Penguins are not blue like ocean water.
Penguins are not purple like a flower.
Penguins are not brown like a worm.
Penguins are black and white like a domino.
Penguins are black and white like a zebra.
Penguins are black and white like a tire.
Penguins are black and white like a sneaker.
Penguins are black and white like a tuxedo.
The End

Sports
I can play soccer.
I can play basketball.
I can play baseball.
I can play football.
I can play hockey.
I can play golf.
I can play sports.

New Cruise Ship
A new cruise ship will sail January 26.
The ship is the Disney Dream.
A family cruise is fun.
Cruise ships have:
putt-putt golf,
pools,
good food,
and much more.
The Disney Dream carries 4,000 passengers.
Other cruise ships are even bigger.
Many cruise ships sail from Florida.

Love
Love
We are in love with candy.
We are in love with music.
We are in love with animals.
We are in love with snacks.
We are in love with dancing.
We are in love with school.
We are in love with our friends!

Penguins
I love penguins!
Penguins love the cold water.
Penguins like to stay together.
Penguins take care of their young.
The movie "Happy Feet" was about penguins.
Penguins can communicate.
Do you remember seeing a penguin?

Active Animals
Deer, squirrels, rabbits, and raccoons are active animals during winter.
Active animals hunt for food.
They find water to drink.
They eat food to keep them warm and well fed.
Deer eat grass and corn and drink water.
Squirrels eat nuts and acorns.
Rabbits eat grass, carrots, and corn.

What Animal Do You Like?
What Animal Do You Like?
I like monkeys because they are cute.
I like jaguars because they run fast.
I like wolves because they are very good hunters.
Monkeys are the smartest animal in the whole wide world.
Jaguars are the fastest animal on land.
Wolves are the best at hunting.
What animal do you like and why?

Important Jobs
Important Jobs
Cleaning our room,
washing the dishes,
paying bills,
and vacuuming.
Jobs in the home are important,
but they don't pay well.
Jobs in our community:
Firefighter,
Mayor,
Doctor,
Mail Carrier,
Police Officer,
Veterinarian.
These are just a few important jobs.

Penguin Awareness Day
Penguins have a special day each year.
Penguin Awareness Day is January 20.
Penguins are small, black and white birds.
They have two short wings.
The penguin has a funny waddle.
Penguins are fast swimmers.
They like to slide on their bellies.
How will you celebrate Penguin Awareness Day?

Penguins' adventure 2
Dazooka loves the zoo.
Daxooka likes to surf.
Daxooka likes to use a computer.
Daxooka likes babies
and Daxooka
likes to read.

Migration
Migration is when birds and butterflies fly South.
They fly South in the winter time.
They go South where it is warm to find food.
Butterflies, birds, and even people migrate south for the winter.

Hibernation
Hibernation is when things sleep.
Animals hibernate in the winter.
Animals store up extra food in the fall to help build fat.
Animals do not come out until Spring or warm weather.
They sleep in a cave, den, or underground to keep warm.
Bears, turtles, snakes, and bats hibernate.

Hibernation 2
Hibernation is when animals go to sleep for a long time.
Bear, frogs, turtles, and bats sleep during winter.
Bats sleep in caves.
They gather extra food to store up fat so that they don't need to eat during the winter.

Playful Puppy
Playful Puppy
Playful puppy plays with the boy.
Playful puppy plays with the owl.
Playful puppy plays with the moose.
Playful puppy plays with the dog.
Playful puppy is playing with the bone.
Playful puppy is tired and goes to sleep.

Disney  Castle
I like Disney.
It has fireworks.
It has many colors.
The castle is my favorite place.
There are many lights at night.
It has bright fireworks.

I Like Snow
I love snow.
The playground is frozen.
The rabbit plays in the snow.
The bird stands on the snow.
The tree has a lot of snow.

Legos
The Terran Marine has big shoulders.
These are two bad guys.
The Pac-Man has two legs and a big head.
The Mario has green pants.

Football
I like football.
They are fast.
They are good players.
The game is starting.
The player yells yes!!
The player throws the ball.
The player is trying to get the ball.
The End

Places I Want to go
I like maps.
I see maps.
I want to go there.
Black Island
It is scary and dark
Big Clock
Bright sun
I love boating.
The End

I  Like  Soccer
Soccer is fun.
Kick the ball.
Wow! A soccer
field.
Good kick!
Great header!
Kick harder in the game.
Have fun with soccer.

Thanksgiving
Thanksgiving has parades.
Thanksgiving involves taking trips.
Thanksgiving is having fun watching football.
Thanksgiving is eating good food.
Thanksgiving is eating pumpkin pie.
Thanksgiving is being with family.
Thanksgiving is fun!

Sue the Dinosaur
This is Sue.
Sue is the biggest T-Rex ever found.
Sue lives in Chicago.
Sue has big teeth.
Sue says, "Hello" to the people.

Dave's Artic Parade
It's The First Day Of Artic Parade
And Dave Has To Get Ready For the Parade.
20 Minutes Later
Dave finished his new float, and it's time for the artic parade.
His family watched the parade and saw Dave's New artic float.
All the penguins ate ate and ate until they were full of parade krill.
Dave swam back home safe and sound and he knew that it was the best artic float he had ever had.

I Love Basketball
Sometimes I play basketball outside.
I am so excited when the ball drops through the hoop.
YEAH! TWO POINTS!
I wish I could see Michael Jordan play.
Let's all play basketball together.

All about cars
This is my dream car.
This is a cool car.
I like this car because it's fast.
I love this car because its doors look cool.
This would be a nice car to drive in.
I really like cars.

My Cool Little Family
Hi, Man. Let me tell you about my tribe.
Rosebud and I have a happening family!
Our kids, Toaster, Jewel, and Fingers love meditating in the morning!
Moonbeam and Starchaser are happy grandparents.
Mon, the dog.
"Let's go, Mon!"
"Shake hands, Mon!" "Speak, Mon!"
Voodoo the cat sees things we can't.
We dream a lot.
Of an end to hunger...
World peace and harmony...
Clean, beautiful skies...
Good vibes everywhere,
All the love we can fit into our funky house,
And a rockin' universe. Oh, man.

Hamsters in a Cage
Hamsters are cute.
Want to come out and play?
This hamster is eating a yummy snack.
His paws are on the cage.
The hamster is in a tube.

Pool
I like pool.
I play pool on the computer.
I shoot pool.
The 8 ball is black.
This is a pool table.
Use the stick to hit the ball.
The ball is going to hit the lady.
The balls are white, purple, green, yellow, black, orange, and red.

All kinds of frogs
There are green frogs.....
and orange frogs.....
big frogs.....
and small frogs....
cute frogs....
and not so cute frogs....
There are all kinds of frogs and I love them all!

Color Butterflys
This is a monarch butterfly.
Black and white butterfly
Blue butterfly
Happy butterfly
Hungry butterfly

Flamingos are my favorite   animals.
Flamingos are wild.
I feed it bird food when it comes to my house.
Flamingos kiss too.
Flamingos drink water when they are thirsty.
They like to take baths too when they are dirty.

What time is it now?
What time is it now?
It is 8:00 a.m.  It is time to go to school.
What time is it now? Morning, afternoon or evening?
If you said "morning" then you were right!
It is 12:00 p.m.  It is time to eat lunch.
What time is it now? Morning, afternoon or evening?
If you said "afternoon" then you were right!
It is 3:00 p.m.  It is time to go home! YEAH!
What time is it now? Morning, afternoon or evening?
If you said "afternoon" then you were right!
It is 6:00 p.m.  It is time to eat dinner.
What time is it now? Morning, afternoon or evening?
If you said "evening" then you were right!
It is 9:00 p.m.  It is time to go to bed.
What time is it now? Morning, afternoon or evening?
If you said "evening" then you were right!

Cars
Red car
Orange and black car
Silver car
Black car
The car is on fire.
White car
Green car
Old car
Orange car
Green car
Yellow car

Morning, Afternoon, and Evening
It is morning.
The sun comes up in the morning.
In the morning, I get out of bed.
In the morning, I pick the clothes I want to wear that day.
In the morning, I eat breakfast.
In the morning, I go to school and work.
It is afternoon.
In the afternoon, the sun is hottest.
In the afternoon, I eat lunch.
In the afternoon, I do more work.
In the afternoon, I go back home.
It is evening.
In the evening, the sun starts to go down so it gets dark.
In the evening, I eat dinner.
In the evening, I usually relax.
At the end of the evening, I go to sleep. Good night.

The One Dollar Bill
This is the one dollar bill.
Here are more one dollar bills.
Can you point to the one dollar bill?
This is a one dollar bill.
This is a one dollar bill folded to look like clothes.
Can you point to the one dollar bill?
This is a one dollar bill.
Here is a dog with one dollar bills around his collar.
Can you point to the one dollar bill?
This is a one dollar bill.
This is a one dollar bill folded in the shape of a dog.
Can you point to the one dollar bill?
This is the one dollar bill.

Baby Brother
Sean Paul's mom had a baby!
Sean Paul's baby brother is Dylan.
Dylan has eyes, a nose, and a mouth.
Dylan smiles.
Dylan cries.
Dylan sleeps.
Mommy holds Dylan.
Daddy sleeps with Dylan.
Dylan looks at Sean Paul.
Dylan has his thumb in his mouth.
Dylan rides in the stroller.
Sean Paul rides in the school bus.
Sean Paul goes to school....
he brings Woody
and Buzz.

Snowflake Bentley
Snowflake Bentley studied snowflakes long ago.
Wilson Bentley was born in 1865.
He grew up on a farm in Vermont.
As a boy, he liked to collect things.
He loved snow.
He wanted to learn about snow.
He used a camera to take pictures.
He took pictures of snowflakes.
Snowflakes are also known as snow crystals.
He learned many things about snow crystals.
Each snowflake is different.
Snowflakes have six sides.
Sometimes snowflakes stick together.
He took 5000 pictures of snowflakes.
He wrote a book called "Snow Crystals".
Wilson Bentley is Snowflake Bentley.

Winter Is Fun!
Winter is fun!
Ice skating is fun!
Speed skating is fun!
Figure skating is fun!
Skiing is fun!
Ski jumping is fun!
Snow boarding is fun!
Sledding is fun!
Hockey is fun!
Making snow angels is fun!
Making a snowman is fun!
Ice fishing is fun!

Toy Story
Toy Story is our favorite movie!
We like Buzz Light Year.
We like Woody.
We like the boy named Andy in Toy Story.
We like Wheezy the penguin.
We like Hamm the piggy bank.
We like Mr. Potato Head.
We like Little Bo Peep.
We like Rex.
We like the alien.
We like the green army men.
We like Mr. Choppers.
We like Slinky the dog.
Woody and Jessie are toys.
They were at Al's Toy Barn.
We like Buzz and Woody the most!

Features of the iPod Touch/iPhone
Here are some Models that are not used in this book: iPhone, iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS and iPhone 4.
Use your iPod touch/iPhone to do all kinds of things!
You can add important events.
Listen to music.
View photos.
And do video calling with friends worldwide! (Face-time)
Type with the pop-up keyboard.
Read books.
And play games too!
It allows you to 'shake' the iPod touch/iPhone.
And there is an app that allows you to make lists!
I hope you need it!
Maybe there is an app for emulating a MAC. Hope this works!
The End!

I Am A Baby
I am a baby duck. I am called a duckling.
I am a baby dog. I am called a puppy.
I am a baby cat. I am called a kitten.
I am a baby horse. I am called a foal.
I am a baby koala. I am called a joey.
I am a baby tiger. I am called a cub.
I am a baby elephant. I am called a calf.
I am a baby fox. I am called a kit.
I am a baby deer. I am called a fawn.
I am a baby seal. I am called a pup.
I am a baby rabbit. I am called a kit.
I am a baby human. I am called an infant!

Fruit
Fruit
Juicy cherries
Sour lemons
Crunchy apples
Ripe peaches
Creamy avocados
Sweet strawberries
Tart pomegranates

Cat Work
Cats can have many jobs.
Cats can be sailors.
Cats can be photographers.
Cats can be programmers.
Cats can be librarians.
Cats can be DJs.
Cats can be babysitters.
Cats can be musicians.
But mostly, cats sleep!

Bee
Bee
by Robert
The black stripes and yellow paint are on the Bumblebee Car.
The sharpkon light is on Bumblebee's hands.
The Bumblebee car has a sharpkon light that shoots bullets.
It has a new engine that makes a loud noise.
The End.

VETS
Vets help pets.
They help sick farm animals.
They can help fish too.
They check animals weight.
They check the pet's ears.
They listen to your animal's heart.
They clean animals.
They give animals medicine when they are sick.
They give animals shots to help them get better.

Nouns
I am a wrestling fan.
I am a video gamer.
I am a basketball player.
I am a student.
I am a movie watcher.

Verbs
I like to play on the internet.
I like to play basketball with my friends.
I like to watch alot of wrestling on tv.
I go swimming in the summer.
I like to eat alot of junk food.
I like to listen to music with my friends.

Blue bird
Green and red bird
Two green birds
Two baby birds
Humming bird
Blue bird
Green and orange birds
An owl

Sledding
Bundle up!
Go outside!
You push!
I slide!
Go up slowly!
Go down fast!
Sled alone!
Sled with friends!
Brrr! Cold! Time to drink a cup of hot cocoa!
Let's go sledding again!

Fraction Attraction
A fraction is
just a part.  NOT the whole.
For this fraction, you get 3 pieces of the 4.
Don't ask for more.
For this fraction, you get 1 piece out of 4.
Try out fractions.  It's not a chore.
Now it's your turn.  How many pieces do you get out of 6?

My Friendly Pets
This is Chiny Chin Chin.
This is Scrappy and Snowball.
This is Sasha the cute kitten.
And This is Purr!
There. Now you know all of my friends!

My New iPod Touch
What's Inside?
Can you guess what this is?
Yes! This is an iPod Touch!
Now that I have unwrapped it, I need to open it!
I opened it up.
I peeled it off.
And finally I unwrapped it!
I've already plugged it in with iTunes installed.
Now I am ready to go!
These are the parts that I have unwrapped!

Organisms are Living Things
Organisms are living things.
Organisms need food, water, and air.
Organisms use food, water, and air for energy.
They need energy to grow and move.
Organisms produce waste.
Organisms   reproduce.
Organisms have a life span.

Ice Fishing
This is our new fish house
You can also fish like this!
This is me fishing.
You can see the fish on the TV.
We can sleep in the fish house.
Daddy LOVES his new house.
Jake and I have fun too!
Lots of people like to ice fish.
Look at the big fish!
Fish is good to eat.
Santa likes to fish too!

The Dessert Penguins
The Dessert Penguins
All the penguins needed dessert to find their strength.
All the penguins went to the hockey game, so they can have money to buy dessert.
All the penguins ate and ate and ate until they were full of dessert.
On Halloween, all the penguins are going trick-or-treating to get some yummy candy and dessert.
And after, Halloween is over. and his daddy is about to take him home.
The next day, all the penguins turned red.

tanks! by jonathan thomas green
This is a real tank.
This is a tank in battle.
This is a little tank.
This is a firing tank.
This is a green tank.
This is an old tank.
These are RC tanks.
This is one of the army's tanks.
These are two tank toys.
This is a modeled tank.
This is a tank on the back of the truck.
This tank has four forms.
This is a tank on a train cargo car the railroad.
Here are six tanks.
This is a tank game for the computer.

Transformers mini cons
This is the mini con the transformers power up.
These are the groups of mini cons.
These are mini cons that transform into cars.
These mini cons are working with the bad robots.
These mini cons are cool.
These mini cons transform into the star saber.
These mini cons are called the dirt digger team.
That is a lot of mini cons.
This is a little group of mini cons.
This mini con has weapons and it's a bad robot.
This mini con is powering up, a good robot.
This mini con is one of the bad robots.
These mini cons are cool.
These mini cons are good robots.
These mini cons are the bad robots.
This mini con is a good robot.
This mini con is a good robot flying.
This is the other group of mini cons.
This is a jet mini con.
This shows all the mini cons.
This is a good robot powered up by all the mini cons.
These mini cons are the dark transformers.
These are the drill mini cons.
These are flying mini cons.
This is also a flying mini con.
These are two mini cons.
These are three mini cons.
These are five mini cons.
These are boat mini cons.
This is one of the mini cons.
This is a mini con jet.
This is a mini con police transformer.
These are three mini cons beasts.
These are two colorful mini cons.
These transformers are on the bad side and the good side.
These are the mini con transformers.
These mini cons are little.
This is a weapon mini con.
This mini con has two hoses.
Their are four mini cons.
This mini con has eight arms.
These are purple mini cons.
This is leader 1.
This mini con transforms into a cellphone.
This mini con transforms into a van.
This mini con's name is long arm.
This is leader 1 with new color.
This mini con pulls a big rig.
These are the group mini cons.
This shows the transformer and the mini con pulling the big rig to a safe place to transform into a big robot, a good robot.
This shows all the mini cons transformed into flying and rolling mode.
This mini con is powering up the planet eater.
These two mini cons have different colors so they can be different.
This mini con transforms into three modes.
This is the big bad robot, the planet eater.
This is the big bad robots mini con, a planet blaster.
Their are four mini cons.
These are two transformers being powered up by all the mini cons.
This team is called the clear sky team.
This is the bad robot's dark saber.
This is count down.
This is the other big group of mini cons.
This is the toy transformers.
This is one of the mini cons.
Their are four mini cons.
This mini con has two guns.
These mini cons are blue.
This mini con's name is sky hammer.
These three mini cons transform into the dark saber.
This is sun storm the star saber.
This is a green planet eater.
This is the star convoy.
This is the tank mini con.
This is one of the bad robots holding the star saber.
These are the blue mini cons.
This is the blue star saber.
These blue mini cons have transformed into robot mode.
These mini cons have different colors.
This is a transformer shoe.
This mini con transforms into the star saber with the other two mini cons.
This transformer is a different color.
This is the other group of mini cons.
This mini con is  red.
This is the other mini con that transforms into the star saber also with the other star sabers.
These three mini cons transform into the big mini con.
There are the other four mini cons in different colors.
These three mini cons are see through.
This is the good robot being powered up by all the mini cons.
This is one of the good robots holding the star saber.
This is the good robot in robot mode and holding the star saber and also holding the blaster.
This is the other group of three mini cons.
This is one of the see through mini cons in green.
This is one of the see through mini cons in yellow.
This is one of the see through mini cons in blue.
These are the other two mini cons in different colors.
This is one of the bad robots being powered up by all four mini cons.
This is one of the good robots being powered up by one of the mini cons.
These are the other three mini cons in different colors.
This mini con is on the good robots side for battling the evil robots.
This is one of the good robots mini con.
This is one of the good robots mini con.
This is another police mini con.
This is a tank mini con.
This is a race car mini con.
This is a see through mini con.
There are two star sabers one is light and the other is dark.
This is a big see through mini con.
This is a blue see through mini con.
This is the yellow see through mini con.
These are all the see through mini cons transformed into the big colorful mini con.
This another race mini con car.
This is a blue mini con in see through.
This is one of the good robots mini con transformed into car mode.
This is a mini con in brown.
This is another mini con in green.
These three mini cons are in gray.
This is the mini con is in blue.
These three mini cons are in green.
This mini con is in blue and gray.
This mini con is in green.
These three mini cons are in purple.
These three mini cons have different colors two have purple and the other has blue.
These two mini cons are in black.
These two mini cons have two different colors one has black and the other mini con has blue.
These two mini cons have two different colors one mini con has yellow the other mini con has black.
This mini con is in green.
This mini con is in black.
This mini con is in white.
This mini con is in light green.
This mini con is in light purple.
This is a mini con right next to the food mini con.

Monkeys Are Cool
I love baby monkeys.
They eat bananas.
They like to climb trees.
Monkeys swing by vines.
Monkeys eat bugs off of other monkeys. This is called grooming or cleaning.
This monkey is sad.
This monkey is mad.
This monkey is happy.

Jaden's Winter Break
I had fun on my winter break.
First I went to my Grandma and Grandpa’s.
When I was there we painted the trees and the snow on the trees.
When I came home my mom and I watched a movie.
She had a new game that had music on it.
Then we read a book named J.B.
Then we had a snack and I slept in the next day.
In the morning, we went sledding with my friends and at the end we had turkey and lemonade.
After that we watched another movie.

Motorcycles
Pink and blue are my favorite motorcycle colors.
Look at that green motorcycle.
This is big black wheeled motorcycle.
police using this big cool motorcycle to chase the thief.
They are standing on the road.
Sitting and waiting with the motorcycle  for sunset
This old motorcycle looks like a bicycle.
I want this awesome motorcycle.
This is the fastest motorcycle
R Truth rides this motorcycle  to wrestles stadium.
Dusty Rhodes bought red and silver motorcycle from here.

Parts of Vehicles
This backhoe has arms and a loader in front and a backhoe in the back.
This has a bed and a load.
The parts on this one are the blade, the body and the cab.
This one has a hose.
The big rig has a tractor, cab and trailer.
This has a plow.
The forklift has forks and arms to make the load lift.
This farm tractor has a seat, and engine and 2 large small and big wheels. THE END

Bakugan Battles!
This is the coolest game in the world.
These toys have two different colors one group has blue and the other group has red.
This is the game area where all game players play at the game area.
These are gate cards for the toys that stick to the gate cards.
This toy is in black and purple.
This is a jar filled with toys.
These three toys have different colors one has blue and the other one has white and the other has red.
These toys are a box.
This is a toy firer.
This toys are in a case.
These are key chains toys.
These are toys.
This is a board game.
These are toy dragons.
This is a green transforming ball.

Ecuador
Ecuador
Ecuador is located in South America.
This is Ecuador's flag.
The capitol of Ecuador is Quito.
Quito, Ecuador
The city of Santo Domingo.
The city of Portoviejo.
Volcano erupting in Ecuador.
Market where local agriculture is sold.
Fruits and vegetables for sale in Ecuador.
Mountains in Ecuador.
Water fall in National State Park.
Snow covered mountain in Ecuador.
Andes mountains in Ecuador.
Volcano in Ecuador.
Rain forest and river in Ecuador.
Soccer, known as Futbol, is a favorite sport in Ecuador.
Children in Rayuela, a game similar to hopscotch.
Ecuavolley is played in Ecuador also.
In Ecuador they celebrate Dia del los Muertos, also known as The Day of the Dead.

Santa Puppies
Santa Puppies
Once there was a dog named Rusty who wanted to be Santa.
Rusty makes a disguise, That she found around his doghouse.
It was not long before rusty got very, very lost he looked all around and did not see a single sled that he knew.
Rusty realized he would need all the puppies' help to find thier way to the dog bones.
They worked together until they found yummy dog bones.
All the puppies ate and ate and ate until they were full of dog bones
He went home, safe and sound and rusty knew that it was the best Christmas he ever had.

Lightning McQueen's Racecar
The story takes place outside at the race track.
Mcqueen got stuck by the power lines.
Lightning Mcqueen
visited California.
Lighting Mcqueen
ran out of gas in
California.
Lighting Mcqueen
fell into the pine needles.
Lighting Mcqueen went to the race in the afternoons.
Lighting Mcqueen and Sally are boyfriend and girlfriend.
Lighting Mcqueen and Sally lived happily ever after.

Going to the Pool
Let's go to the pool!
I need to put on my sunscreen before I get in the water.
I love to get in the water. Here I go! Splash! Splash!
I will play with the toys that are in the water.
The water feels so good. The sun has made the water warm!
Mom says it is time to get out of the water.
I will use my towel to dry off.

Marijuana
Marijuana comes from a plant.
It is also called pot or weed.
The plant is cut and dried.
It is smoked like cigarettes.
It is a stimulant.
Coffee is a mild stimulant.
It can change your mood from happy to...
sad.
It can cause disease.
Or cause bad choices.
The bad choices can cause death.

FHS Color Walks
That is Mr. Bousquet. He is wearing blue pants.
That's the teacher beside us. We took a picture of her eyes.
That's me! I found that brown stuff!
She has a brown jacket!
That desk is brown too.
That's a leaf an orange one!
There is an orange leaf on there!

Living Things Need Food!
If I need food......
I am living!
People need food. People eat fruits, vegetables, meats, and grains.
Plants need food. They get nutrients from the soil and energy from the sun.
Panda Bears need food. They live in Asia and eat bamboo all day.
Cows need food.  They graze on grass.
Venus fly traps need food. They catch insects and eat them.
Flowers need food. They get energy from the sun and nutrients from the soil.
Sharks need food. They eat fish in the ocean.
Rice fields need food. They get energy from the sun and nutrients from the soil.
Monkeys need food. They eat bananas in the forest.
Trees need food. They get energy from the sun and nutrients from the soil.

Sight Word Your
Your triceratops is fighting.
Your triceratops is talking.
Your triceratops is fighting with the T-rex.
Your Triceratops is eating.
Your triceratops is in the museum.

Sight Word Again
The T-rex is hungry, again.
The T-rex is chasing the chicken, again.
The T-rex is eating candy, again.
The T-rex is hunting, again.
The T-rex is roaring, again.

Sight word light
The museum needs light for us to see.
The beach needs light to stay warm.
The desert needs light to stay warm.
The plants need light to grow.
The T-rex needs light to see.

Would you like to...?
Would you like to come to the dinosaur museum with me?
Would you like to play dinosaurs with me?
Would you like to roar like a dinosaur?
Would you like to play hide and seek?
Would you like to play tag with me?

Dazia's Tuesday at Bridgeview School
Dazia's Tuesday at Bridgeview School
I need to listen and follow directions on Tuesday.
Lorna leaves to go out in the community at 9:45 in the morning. Sometimes I miss Lorna a lot.
When I miss Lorna I might get mad and sad.
When I miss Lorna I can write her a letter to make myself feel better.
I can remind myself that Lorna will be back at 1:30.
I can move on and do yoga and work.  Then I can tell Lorna what a good job  I've done when she gets back.
If I do my work and stay calm, when Lorna comes back she will tell me "Good job Dazia!"
Having a good day on Tuesday while Lorna is gone will make me happy!

Hygiene
Hygiene is a very special part of your day.
You should brush your teeth at least twice a day if not more. Once in the morning and once in the afternoon.
You should take a shower once or twice a day and, wash your body and hair.
You should put on deodorant every day in the morning and after you get sweaty.
You need to change clothes after a shower and when you wake up in the morning.
You need to wash your hands before and after you eat and go to the bathroom.
You need to keep up with these hygiene tips to stay clean and keep the people around you clean.

Non-Living Things
A cup is non-living.
A car is non-living.
Pencils are non-living.
A laptop is non-living.
A pillow is non-living.
Clothes are non-living.
A door is non-living.
Stuffed animals are non-living.
Tables are non-living.
Ipods are non-living.
Balls are non-living.
Bags are non-living.

SNOW
A snow reindeer is really cool.
When you go in the snow, you get cold.
This is a very big snowy mountain.
This is a very snowy valley.
The lego men are careful in the snow.
Penguins love to waddle in the snow.
The kids are measuring the snowmen.
Puppies like to play around in the snow.
The cat is laying in the snow.

Numbers 1 to 5
One chair
Two stuffed animals
Three seashells
Four pencils
Five backpacks

Toby's Train
Toby has a train.
Sometimes she rides in cars.
Toby's train always turns right.
Toby's train is colorful.
Some cars are a beautiful red.
THE END

Play in the Water
Chief's a dog.
The dog is reading a story about other dogs at nighttime.
A dog is swinging on the swing.
The dog likes playing with the ball.
Snow dog.
The dog needs a haircut.
The dog is laying in the bed, sleeping.
The dog has sunglasses on.
He's dressed up like a teddy bear.
A dog found a big rubber ball.
The dog loves the other dog.
The dog looks out the window.

Living Things
Trees are living.
Penguins are living.
Dolphins are living.
Flowers are living.
Watermelons are living.
Porcupines are living.
Panda Bears are living.
Bamboo is living.
People are living.
Hippos are living.
Kangaroos are living.
Octopuses are living.

Russ the Tiger
Here is Russ. He is a tiger.
He likes to rub his ears on trees.
When Russ was small, he was taken care of by a man named Danny.
But Russ isn't a baby anymore--he's HUGE!
THE END

Danny's Boat Race
One sunny day, Danny and his friends raced their boats.
During the race, Danny fell out of the boat and got all wet, so he had to dry his clothes on the line.
That evening, Danny and his friends went for a relaxing sail.
Before the sun went down, Danny parked his boat.
The next day, a storm was rolling in, so Danny did not ride his boat.
THE END

Pouch
This is Pouch
Pouch the penguin is mad.
He is mad at his dad because he wants to see his mom.
His mom went away for 2 months.
She wants to eat food. She does not bring food to the baby.
Pouch felt so sad because he wanted food.
Dad gave him food. Pouch was happy.

Martin Luther King, Jr.
Martin Luther King, Jr., was a great human being.
He fought for racial equality and civil rights in the United States of America.
He was born on January 15, 1929, in Atlanta, Georgia.
Martin experienced racism early in life.
He decided to do something to make the world a better place.
Dr. King became very active in the movement for civil rights and racial equality.
After graduating from college Martin Luther King, Jr. got married.
Dr. King became a minister and moved to Alabama with his family.
Dr. King's "I Have a Dream speech" made him famous.
He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1964.
Dr. King was assassinated on April 4, 1968, in Memphis, Tennessee.

Maya's Amazing Rocks
Did you know rocks are almost everywhere?
Rock make up caves,
volcanoes,
and inukshuks too.
Rocks are beautful and they're everywhere.

Numbers 1 to 5
One truck
Two lego pieces
Three blocks
Four seashells
Five mittens

Rana's Cool Rocks
All rock are different.
All rock colorful in some way.
Some rocks are from lands.
Some rock are interesting.
Some rocks are expensive.
Rocks can be tall and hard.
This is a metamorphic rock, it morphs like a marshmallow.
Some rocks turn into sand.

Lucas' Dynamic Rocks
Rocks are dynamic.
Every rock has a mineral in it.
These rocks look like a puffy chair and a table.
There are even rocks in the sea.
There are 3 kinds of rocks igneous, sedimentary, and metamorphic.
Rocks make caves like this one,
or this one.
There are lots of rocks in lava.
Rocks can be used to make cool stuff like Stone Henge.
Rocks can make up huge mountains.

Kendra's Amazing Rocks
There are three different types of rocks.
This rock is a sedimentary rock. Sedimentary rocks are formed in layers.
This is an igneous rock. Igneous rocks are formed when lava cools for many years.
This is a metamorphic rock. Metamorphic rocks are formed when magma cools for many years.

Ivannas cool rocks
Some rocks are bumpy, some are not.
These rocks are big, but not a lot of rocks are big.
Rocks can be very big and very small.
This is a sedimentary rock.
Rocks have different types of colours.
Some rocks are pretty.
Rocks can be diffrent types of shaps and sizse.
Rocks can be diffrent types of shapes. This one look like a dragon.
This rock has many colours and it looks like a rainbow.

Friends
Friends are very important.
Friends can be a group of people.
Friends can help when you don't feel well.
Friends can be silly with you.
Friends can share an adventure with you.
Friends can enjoy beauty with you.
Friends can hang out with you.
Friends can have fun with you.
Friends can smile with you.
Friends can share food with you.
Some friends can hug you.
Some friends can hold your hand.
Friends can paddle with you.
Friends can wonder with you.
Friends can keep dry with you.
Friends can ride bikes with you.
Friends can show off with you.
Friends can discuss tough things with you.
Friends can be sad with you.
Friends can be happy with you.

Penguins That Do Stuff
Penguins That Do Stuff
Penguins jump far off ice.
Penguins love to slide on their bellies. They walk very slowly.
A mom and dad have a baby. The mom has to go away for two months to get food for them while the dad stays behind.
Then the mom has to come back with fish. Then the dad goes to get fish.
The baby grows up to be a dad.

Dinosaurs
A dinosaur eats meat.
The Brachiosaurus eat trees.
He is looking around for food.
The dinosaur was running.
He is eating a bush.
He is walking.
This dinosaur has feathers.
This dinosaur is standing.
The dinosaur is swimming.
All these pteranodon are flying.
These are dinosaur eggs.
The mom is looking at her eggs.

My dog
My dog is black.
I sleep with my dog.
My dog is cute,
funny,
and playful.
He likes to sleep on the floor
and play.

The Body Book
The Body Book
We all have bodies with many different parts.
We have eyes to see,
a nose to smell,
ears to hear,
a mouth to talk,
tongues to taste,
teeth to bite and chew,
Hands to touch,
arms to hug and hold,
and legs and feet to jump.
Young or old
Big or small,
We all have bodies.

Winter in New England
Winter in New England
Some people go snow shoeing in the mountains.
Many people like to go skiing.
It is fun to skate on a frozen pond or lake.
It is fun to sit next to a bon fire to get warm.
I like to drink hot cocoa with marshmellows.
I am always happy to see the end of winter and beautiful flowers of spring.

Trains
Trains are big.
Trains are fast.
Trains are powerful.
Trains go far.
I ride trains to Hershey, Pennsylvania.
I look out the window.
I see the country.
I see the cities too.
This woman is waiting for the Bee Train.
This train is going to the airport.

I want a book!
I want to buy a book.
I like to read books with Mrs. Price
Lets go to the library book fair.
We will buy a book. I love books!

Perry's rock unit
This is a picture of sedimentary rock.
This looks like there is moss on the rocks.
This is how igneous rocks are made.
This is a metamorphic rock.

Ziad's Awesome Rocks.
Rock are cool.
This is a sedimentary rock.
This rock looks like a shoe.
Big rocks are bad.
Some rock are made from volcanoes.
Some rocks are shaped like a head.
Some rock are in stores.
Some rock are in the water.

Animals at the Farm
Who's at the farm?
The cow
The horse
The sheep
The pigs
The dog
The rabbit

As Winter Comes Closer
As Winter Comes Closer
As winter approaches the snow starts to fall from the sky.
We see trees with snow on them
Our patios and yards will also be covered.
Some dogs like it a lot in the winter time.
Sometimes we find people walking down the road while it's snowing.
After it snows the streets are covered and kids are ready to go play.
It is now time for kids to make a cute snowman.
When the children are all finished playing outside it will be time for them to go to bed.
Good night!

Hooray for Italy!
Italy is a country in Europe. It is shaped like a boot.
There are many beautiful places in Italy.
Venice is one of the most famous cities in the world.
Italians created many things like pizza.
Spaghetti is another popular Italian treat.
Some Italians, like Leonardo da Vinci, made famous paintings.
Italians created many beautiful buildings, like those in Florence.
Italy is a great place to visit or live.

Tall, Small and Scary: Bats
Bats are mammals.  People are mammals.
Bats don't just use their wings for flying; they use them for catching too.
They have three fingers and a thumb.
Some bats live in  caves.
This one is ready to swoop down to get some insects to eat.
They come out at night.
Ooh, this one is scary.  You should not get near this one.
But most of all, some bats are cute.

Michael Jackson
Michael Jackson was a famous singer.
Michael Jackson made a lot of songs.
This a picture of when michael jackson was a kid.
Sadly one day he died.
Everybody was sad because he was a famous singer.
Everybody still misses Michael Jackson...

Hope is My Hero
He is sad because he lost his family.
The family was walking and got lost.
The man rows a boat to get to his family.
He never gives up hope of finding his family.
This butterfly represents him not giving up hope.
This is my symbol of saying he found his family.

Numbers 1 to 5
One tiger
Two blocks
Three animals
Four shells
Five calendar numbers

I Like Bears
I Like bears.
I like gummy bears.
Gummy bears are yummy.
Aren't they cute?
I love bears.

Christmas Babies
Christmas Babies
One upon a time Mrs. Claus and Santa Claus had magic baby penguins who lived at the North Pole.
There was one more day left until Christmas. The magic baby penguins were so happy they could cry.
Tomorrow was Christmas. The penguins were sleeping. 4 were dreaming about sugar plums. 2 were dreaming about toys.
3 were dreaming about family. One was dreaming about love, caring and family.
Everybody woke up on Christmas morning. The magic baby penguins were full of joy. Santa was getting ready for the big year.
Santa gave the baby penguins their presents. The last baby penguin got a beautiful present.
It was a hug!

Playground Safety
I will play safely on the playground.
Stay on the playground and listen to teacher.
Do not climb the fence.
I will play safely and follow directions on the playground.

Baby Penguins
Baby Penguins
The egg sits in the father's pouch.
When the egg hatches the baby penguin still has to sit in father's pouch.
Then the mother comes home with a mouth full of fish.
The mother penguin hears the cry of her baby.
Then the mother feeds her little baby.
The father then goes back to the ocean for more fish to feed the baby.

Numbers 1 to 5
One recylcing bin
Two crayons
Three pencils
Four markers
Five books

Sleeps All Winter
Sleeps All Winter
Bears sleep all winter.
Dormice sleep all winter.
Snakes sleep all winter.
Bats sleep all winter.
Turtles sleep all winter.
Frogs sleep all winter.
We sleep at night.

Conersation Skills
You should watch for clues that they are not bored.
You should use a greeting to start a conversation.
You should face the other person while they are talking.
You should have good eye contact.
You should take turns talking.
You should make comments or ask questions to show you are interested.

hot air balloons
These are really cool.
There are thousands of balloons out there.
I it is from the Howell Balloon Fest.
These balloons are flying up in the air.
These are inflating.
These are ready to take off.
I like this balloon because it has a rainbow on it.
This one has a balloon basket.

The Hyena Rampage
Hyenas look like dogs.  They travel in packs.
Hyena's cubs are born with teeth.
Hyenas live in Africa.  They are mammals.
They are carnivores.  They hunt at night.

The letter W.
W is for walrus.
W is for water.
W is for windy.
W is for wheelchair.
W is for whale.
W is for window.
W is for wreath.
W is for wave.

Numbers 1 to 5
One acorn
Two logs
Three seashells
Four blocks
Five trains

Numbers 1 to 5
One lego piece
Two princess books
Three chairs
Four mega blocks
Five building blocks

Fire Station
The firemen live at the Fire Station.
The firemen has to wear a mask.
The little boy likes to wear the fireman's hat.
Curious George is a fireman.

Numbers 1 to 5
One seashell
Two people
Three puppets
Four books
Five puzzle pieces

Ligers
Ligers are a cross between a female tiger and a male lion.
Ligers are very social.
They have cute cubs.
Ligers are very curious.
Ligers have short life spans and weak hearts.
Ligers are rare so we must do our best to protect them.
Ligers are as heavy as a lion and tiger combined.
Ligers are sometimes bred by humans for money and fun.
Ligers have very large appitites.
Peccaries are  liger's main food source.
Ligers are very territorial.
Ligers are a species we should do our best to protect.

The Number 5
This is the number 5.
Here are 5 candy bars.
Can you point to the number 5?
Here are 5 lollipops.
Can you point to the number 5?
Here are 5 movies.
Can you point to the number 5?
Here are 5 balls.
Can you point to the number 5?
Here are 5 hats.
Can you point to the number 5?
This is the number 5.

The Number 7
This is the number 7.
Here are 7 candy bars.
Can you point to the number 7?
Here are 7 boats.
Can you point to the number 7?
Here are 7 pictures.
Can you point to the number 7?
Here are 7 lollipops.
Can you point to the number 7?
Here are 7 voting stickers.
Can you point to the number 7?
This is the number 7.

The letter Y
Y is for yellow.
Y is for Yeti.
Y is for yak.
Y is for yawn.
Y is for yes.
Y is for yardstick.
Y is for yam.
Y is for yolk.
Y is for yacht.
Y is for yarn.
Y is for yogurt.

My Favorite Musician
This is 50 Cent. He has sold over 15 million copies of his music.
He is a good man. He was born in South Jamaica, Queens on July 6, 1975.
50 Cent started G-Unit records.
He has 2 Platinum albums.
A new one is coming son.
He is singing in a concert.
He has awesome cars.

The Letter "k"
This is the letter k.
Key begins with the letter k.
Here are two keys.
Can you point to the letter k?
King begins with the letter k.
Here is a king on a playing card.
Can you point to the letter k?
Kitten begins with the letter k.
This kitten is cute.
Can you point to the letter k?
This is the letter k.

Snow Fun
The snowman is funny.
The sun melts the snow.
The penguins are having fun in the snow.
There is A LOT of snow!
Driving in the snow can be dangerous.
It's a snowball fight!

Good Behavior
I will listen and follow directions at daycare.
I will stay in my chair and eat snack.
I will not throw things at daycare.
I will not hit my friends or teachers.
I will be good and follow directions at daycare.

The Alliey and Christina Book
This is my sisters favorite animal.
I love to swim with dolphins.
I love riding horses.
These starfish are beautiful.
Bulls are cool because they flare their nostrils!
This person is swimming with a shark.
Turtles are fun to hold.
Little kittens are cute.
My mommy is getting a dog like this.
The fish is swimming around.

Colors of the Rainbow
COLORS OF THE RAINBOW
Red is the first color of the rainbow. Cherries are red.
Orange is the second color of the rainbow. Oranges are orange.
Yellow is the third color of the rainbow. Lemons are yellow.
Green is the fourth color of the rainbow. Lettuce is green.
Blue is the fifth a color of the rainbow. Blueberries are blue.
Indigo is the sixth color of the rainbow. This flower, an Indigo Princess, is indigo.
Purple is the seventh color of the rainbow. Grapes are purple.

Israel ABC
A is for Airplane.
B is for Bridge.
C is for Church.
D is for Dome.
E is for Egypt.
F is for Fruit.
G is for Gate.
H is for History.
I is for Israel.
J is for Jordan.
K is for Kids.
L is for Lights.
M is for Mud.
N is for Night.
O is for Olive tree.
P is for Pop music.
Q is for Quiet.
R is for Rabbi.
S is for Sea.
T is for Technology.
U is for Under.
V is for Violin.
W is for Wall.
X is for Xylophone.
Y is for Yarmulke.
Z is for Zoo.

Pineapples
Pineapples are fruit.
They come from plants and are grown in warm places like Hawaii.
They are brown, green, and spiky on the outside.
The inside is yellow and juicy.
They taste sweet!
They taste good with meats and in desserts.
Pineapples are symbols of good luck and hospitality.
A New Year's tradition is to make pineapple upside down cakes to ring in a prosperous new year.

A Book About Voting
People vote for their leaders.
A leader is a person who guides other people.
The president is the leader of our country.
Barack Obama is our president today.
Can you point to our president, Barack Obama?
People pick the president by voting.
Can you point to the people?
You have to be at least 18 years old to vote.
Can you point to how old you have to be to vote?
We vote for our president in November every 4 years.
Can you point to the month when we vote for president?
George Bush was our president before Barack Obama.
Can you point to what George Bush and Barack Obama are?

I eat
I like eating cookies.
I like eating cake.
I eat waffles before school.
I eat lunch in the afternoon.
I eat ice cream at school on Friday.
I eat apples.
I eat pancakes.
I eat dinner at nighttime.
I eat french fries.
I eat chocolate.
A cat eats  pizza!
I eat pizza a lot.

JOBS!
When I grow up I want to be a cop because I want to catch bad guys. Who am I?
I AM REY!
When I grow up I want to be a race-car driver because I like to go fast! Who am I?
I AM VICTOR!
When I grow up I want to be a social worker because I want to give people in need food, water, and shelter. Who am I?
I AM MARQUIS!
I am a teacher because I love to to help children learn!
Who am I?
I AM MRS. LB!

A Minnesota Winter Alphabet
We love Minnesota winter!
A is for aurora borealis.
B is for blinding blizzard.
C is for cold, cold, cold.
D is for downhill skiing.
E is for earmuffs.
F is for freezing.
G is for gloves.
H is for hockey.
I is for ice fishing.
J is for Jack Frost.
K is for kicksled.
L is for long underwear.
M is for mittens.
N is for negative zero.
O is for outside playing in the snow.
P is for puck in our hockey game.
Q is for quilt to keep us warm.
R is for runny nose.
S is for shoveling snow.
T is for tubing down the snow hill.
U is for uff da that's a lot of Minnesota snow!
V is for Vulcans from the St. Paul Winter Carnival.
W is for Winter Carnival.
X is for Xmas lights.
Y is for yellow snow.
Z is for all zipped up!
We hope to welcome spring soon!

Our Town 2
Our town is where we live and go to school.
Everyone lives in a town.
People live and work in a town.
Every town has rules the people have to follow.
We live in our town.
We go to school in our town.
There is a McDonald's in our town.
There is a playground in our town.

My Winter Break
I had fun on my winter break.
At the Mall of America, I played with an Xbox 360 Kinect.
I went to my dad’s work and it was fun.
I celebrated Christmas with a tree.
I went shopping.
I went sledding down a deep hill.
Finally, I went home.

Winter Break
I had fun on my winter break.
I had Christmas at my Mom’s house.
At my Dad’s house we went to Mall of America.
I went to my cousin’s to go sledding.
After that I went to sleep at my cousin’s.

Truman's christmas break
Truman had a good Christmas.
Truman had dinner with his aunt.
Truman played cards.
Truman decorated his house for Christmas.
Truman got several movies and games.
Truman had a very good quiet Christmas.

Cats: Domestic Animals
I like cats. I think that cats, like dogs, need attention.
A good thing to say about cats is: "In the end, they always get what they want."
Sometimes cats can be natures' domestic cuties. They also act really funny at times.
This cat is the top comedian. I mean, can't you just smile at this Siamese?
But, just as cats can be funny, they can be a giant mess.
As you can see, cats are domestic cuties along with dogs and hamsters.

Puppies ROCK!!!!!
Puppies are really cute.
They play...
They cuddle...
And they get along with one another.
Puppies can be big...
And small.
Puppies are...
ADORABLE!!!!!

Kittens
Cats are very sweet.
These are kittens.
Kitty cats are awesome in every way.
Cats are very talented dancers.
THIS IS NOT A CAT!

Elizabeth Blackwell the first woman doctor
Dr. ELizabeth Blackwell was the first lady american doctor.
She was a strong believer that girls can do every thing boys can do.
She wrote medical books. She founded a infirmary for women and children.
She also founded a medical dispensary.
Elizabeth Blackwell was born on February 3rd, 1821.
Her parents where Samuel Blackwell and Hannah Lane Blackwell.
She lived in Bristal England until she was 11 then she moved to America.
While in New York there sugar farm burnt down. So the Blackwells moved to Cincinnati, Ohio in hope of a better life.
Shortly after they moved her father died. This was her rough childhood.
This is the college she went to. The boys at the college voted whether or not to let her come to school.
She was let in, did her studies, and became the first female doctor.
She died on May 31 1910 when she was 89.

Steven Spielberg: Young Director
Steven Spielberg directed many movies.He is one of the top 100 most influencial people in the twentieth century.
He has directed over 40 films. In those films, about 60% are TV shows, and the remainig 40% are movies.
Spielberg has directed the best movies ever in the twentieth century. He directed suspenseful movies and action films.
He directed about 4 films and about 7 tv shows. As he matured, he directed more films.
Some of those were more mature than the ones in his teenage years.
Even then, he directed at Universal Studios despite his young age.
As much as Spielberg liked to film, he also liked to snoop around.
Once, he snuck onto the set of one of his favorite directors new film.
This is a picture of Steven Spielberg now. He is about 63 years old now. He is still filming.

I Like Money
I like money because it smells good.
If I have some money I would go on a long trip to Disney World.
I like to touch money because it is soft.
There are all kinds of money.
Money can come anywhere it can come in the mail.
If I have money I would buy a car I would drive my mother to church.

Our Snowman Town
It's Winter!
It's a snow monster!
It's a polar bear. They like the cold.
They all live together in the snow castle.

Winter
The new season is ____________.
_________ do you think likes to play in the snow?
Many animals have fur to keep them warm.
It can get very ___________ in the wintertime.
It may be hard for the animals to find a ___________ to eat.
The ground is _____________ and covered in snow.
It is nice to sit and watch the _______________ fall in the winter.
Maybe the new _____________, 2011, will bring us lots of good things!
The penguins are having a good year so far. They like the _______________ weather.
The birds will fly South and _______________ back North when Spring comes.
Stop and look around. Winter is a beautiful time of year!

Antwan and Diane's Money
I like money. You can buy a things if you have money.
If I had money, I would go on a long trip to France.
Antwaun and Diane can go to the fancy store and buy whatever they want if they have money.
Money is great and we love it!

My Teacher Cheryl
This my teacher Cheryl.
She teaches at Smouse Opportunity School
Cheryl is the best teacher at Smouse Opportunity School.
She loves what she does and the childeren she teaches
We love you Mrs.Cheryl!

Strawberries
Strawberries are very yummy and pretty much every one likes them.
This is when they are ripe and when they aren't.
They are a good healthy snack filled with vitamins, but they are really sweet.
You can use strawberries to decorate pastries and eat them as a dessert.
If you sprinkle powdered sugar on them, it adds a little extra sweetness to them.
To get them to ripen faster, you soak them in a bowl of water and powdered sugar.

Silly Bandz
Silly Bandz are a past fashion craze. Everyone had them!
They were so distracting in school that some schools banned them.
They come in all different shapes and colors.
They come in packages of 25, 50, and 100.
They are really fun to play with, and you can tell stories with them.
You must keep them away from little kids so they don't eat them.

Despicable Me!!
This is gru and all his minions in the background.
This man is imitating Gru.
These are the minions. They have their own language.
It sounds like gibberish to humans. "Papouhi" is toy in minion language.
Here are blow ups of minions at the movie theater.
Some people got a little too excited!

Beginning of a New Country
Paul Revere rode his horse to warn people that the British were coming.
Back in those days there were no cars so people rode horses.
Can you point to the horse?
The people built colonies in a new land called America.
There were 13 colonies that wanted to be free.
Can you point to the colonies.
When the colonies became free they made George Washington our first president.
Can you point to George Washington?
The flag is a symbol of our country's freedom.
Can you point to the flag?

The Letter "n"
This is the letter n.
Nail begins with the letter n.
Here are two nails.
Nut begins with the letter n.
Here are some nuts.
Noodle begins ith the letter n.
Noodles are good to eat.
Can you point to the letter n?

Billy Black Bear Goes To School
Billy Black Bear Goes to School.
Billy Black Bear plays in the kitchen at school.
Billy Black Bear eats snacks at school.
Billy Black bear vacuums the floor at school.
Billy Black Bear reads books at school.
Billy Black Bear plays with the dollhouse at school.
Billy Black Bear bounces on the balls at school.
Billy Black Bear and I love school!

Our Town
Our town is where we live and go to school.
Everyone lives in a town.
People live and work in a town.
Every town has rules the people have to follow.
There is a McDonald's in our town.
There is a playground in our town.

Cell phones
I love cell phones.
This is the keyboard.
I put my cellphone in my pocket.
I don't take my phone to school.
I like to talk to my cousins on my phone.
Lots of people use cellphones.
My favorite brand is Sanyo.
I like new phones.
But they cost a lot of money.

Our Flag
This is the American flag.
We say the Pledge of Allegiance to the flag every morning.
We stand up and look at the flag with our hand on our heart.
Our flag has 50 stars on it.
Our flag has 13 stripes on it.
Here is a flag with fireworks.
Here are a lot of flags.
This is a symbol of our country.
Can you point to the flag?
Where is the flag?
Find the flag in this picture.
Can you point to the flag?
Point to the American flag.

Dwight D. Eisenhower
This the great American general and president Dwight D. Eisenhower.
He was known for many extraordinary accomplishments.
Some were made while he was president and others when he was in the military.
This a him with his wife Mamie and his first son Doud.
Doud died of scarlet fever at a young age. He also had another son named John.
He served in the military for many years and became the General of the Army. He was in the military for 32 years.
He served during World War II and got many promotions.
His most significant promotion was becoming the Supreme Commander of the Allied Expeditionary Forces.
He was the 34th president of the united states. As president he led america through hard times, like the Vietnam war.
As president he was known for great leadership. The highway system and NASA were his ideas.
In his free time Dwight liked to play golf. He also liked to paint and he wrote some  on books on World War II.
In 1969 he died of heart failure after many heart attacks.
Although he is gone his legacy has not gone with him.

Grey's Anatomy
The Grey's Anatomy actors and actresses.
Here is McSteamy.
This is McDreamy.
Then there's Izzy.
The lovely Merideth.
The meanest of them is Reed.
Richard, the cheif of surgery.
This is Alex Karev, Izzy's ex-husband.
This is Arizona the child docter.
Callie Torres, the bone breaker.
Christina Yang, the surgery steeler.
Adison Shepard, Derek's ex- wife.
Owen Hunt, Christina's husband.
April the cryer.
Dr. Avery, Reed's friend.
George Omally, the hillarious guy.
Lexy Grey, mcsteamy's ex-girlfriend.
Teddy, the one who loved Owen.
Erica Hahn, the heart transplant doctor.
This is the cast of Greys Anatomy.
The End

Green is the color of the
Green is the color of the grass.
Green is the color of the frog.
Green is the color of the leaves.
Green is the color of the bird.
Green is the color of the grasshopper.
Green is the color of the caterpillar.
Green is the color of the peas.
Green is the color of the monster.
Green is the color of the motorcycle.
Green is the color of the football field.
Green is the color of the light.

All About Quarters
Here are a few quarters.
A quarter is worth 25 cents.
These are not  quarters.
Here are lots of quarters.

The Game
The Game
Javier met his friends and greeted them.
Javier told his friends to start a soccer game. Marc said,"Lets play!"
Javier wanted them to meet at the field. However Blessan wanted to play at his house.
Javier told Marc he was going to be like Carlos Puyol one day. Marc didn't believe him.
They had to decide who would play goalie. "I wanna play goalie" said David.
David was brave enough to play goalie. He liked playing goalie.
David is from Portugal. His favorite player is Zidane.
It was a great day to play soccer. Everyone was very happy, except for Blessan.
They began to play after they stretched. Blessan was impatient to get started.
Javier was on a team with Marc. Duc was on a team with Blessan.
At first Duc and Blessan were playing like soccer pros, but then they got tired.
The score wasn't very good.
Marc began to make fun of them.
The game then became really close.
Blessan started fouling alot. Then, Akshar came in and gave Blessan a red card.
We told Blessan to calm down because he was arguing with the referee. Then the referee punished him.
David was still playing goalie, but he was getting bored.
He decided we didn't need a goalie. So he came out to the field instead.
We all played for a long time, but the scores were still very close.
Duc was doing really well. He was the best player in the school.
Javier decided to be gentle at first, but then he changed his mind. He gave it everything he had.
Javier made one last epic strike.
He sored a point! He won and everyone praised him.

Dogs
This dog looks stuck.
This dog looks curious.
This dog looks cool.
This dog looks serious.
This looks helpful.
This dog looks confused.
This dog looks lost.
This dog looks shy.
This dog looks hungry.
This dog looks sad.
This dog looks like a new puppy.

Feelings
Feelings
Everyone has feelings.
These boys feel happy.
This boy feels sad.
The girl feels excited!
The girl feels proud of herself.
This girl feels confused.
Say, "Yes" to feeling happy.
This boy feels mad.
When you feel mad, do not hurt other people.
Calm down.
Count to ten.
Take deep breaths.
Listen to music.
Go for a walk.
Think happy thoughts!
The End.

Free Billy 2: finding a new home
Billy found his new family and was very happy!
This meant the only thing they needed to do was find a new home.
On there way to finding a new home, they encountered clouds of leftover oil.
They had to move quickly or they would get sick.
Billy and his family could see a light after struggling through the oil.
They found a clear, blue ocean to settle in!
It was peace at last, they found a new home!
they said good by to oscar and enjoyed their new, open waters.

Cats!
The cat is on his bed.
The cats are on my bed.
The cat is in the box.
The cat is in the can.
The cat has a hat.
The cat is the hat!

Winter Break
I did many things over winter break.
I celebrated Christmas with my family.
I went sledding with my boys.
I played Legos with my boys.
We went on rides at the Mall of America.
I got a lot of sleep.
I'm happy to go back to school after the break.

I Love Country Music
I Love Country Music.
This is Carrie Underwood. She is a singer that I like.
This is one of the singers from Sugarland.
This is Keith Urban. He is a country singer.
This is Brad Paisley. He is another country singer.
This is Kenny Chesney. I like his music.
This is Tim McGraw. I think he is a great singer.
This is Toby Keith. I think he is the best.

Nose
Be glad your nose is on your face,
not pasted on some other place,
for if it were where it is not,
you might dislike your nose a lot.
Imagine if your precious nose
were sandwiched in between your toes,
that clearly would not be a treat,
for you'd be forced to smell your feet!

THE WINTER TREES
THESE TREES ARE IN THE MOUNTAIN.
THE SKY IS RED.
THE MOUNTAINS ARE BEING REFLECTED IN THE WATER.
THE SKY IS YELLOW.
THE SKY IS ORANGE.
THE BLACK TREES ARE IN THE MOONLIGHT.
THE TREES ARE BESIDE THE FENCE.
THE TREES ARE BLUE.
THE TREES ARE COVERED WITH SNOW.
THE TREES ARE IN THE RAIN.

Butterflies
This is a book about butterflies.
Butterflies are pretty.
Sometimes they flock together.
They take nectar from flowers.
Flowers are their food.

Thank you!
To my heroes, thank you.
Thank you for putting out fires.
Thank you for flying the emergency helicoptors.
Thanks for helping us stay alive and well.
Thank you for not having our horses run away.
Thank you for saving our world.
Thank you for helping our pets.

Johnny's New Coat
One day, Johnny received a package in the mail.
It was an early Christmas present from his Grandma. He ran inside to open it.
It was a brand new winter coat! It fit Johnny perfectly.
He was so excited about it that Johnny and his sister went outside to play in the snow.
He didn't get snow in his coat and stayed warm the entire time.
He wrote a thank you note to his Grandma to tell her how much he liked his coat.

Winter Fun
Brrrr! It's cold.
Put on your snow pants.
Put on your coat.
Put on your gloves.
Put on your hat.
Put on your boots.
Let's go outside in the snow.
Let's make a snow angel.
It's time for a snowball fight.
Then let's go sledding.
At the end of the day we warm up with hot chocolate.
The End.

Winter Clothes
It's cold outside.
Here are my winter clothes.
I need to put them on.
I put on my snow pants.
I put on my coat.
I put on my boots.
I put on my hat.
I put on my scarf.
I put on my gloves.
I'm ready to go outside in the snow.

Snow
I see a snowman.
I see a snow fort.
I see a snow shovel.
I see a snowflake.

happy new year
The house is big and colorful. Danny wants to live there.
The mountain man plays on his fiddle. Watch out for your mustache.
Mickey Mouse celebrates 2011 with fireworks.
Tobi look-a-likes on the New York subway.
Curtie likes to blow on the party horns.
When Michael is hot he turns on the fan, whir.
Barb indulges on topped potatoes.
We all want to go to New York city to watch the ball drop for New's Year eve.

ZOMBIES
I love haunted houses.
I'm Tori. I'm a zombie kid.
I am in kindergarten. I like learning about zombies.
Zombies can be in vans and cars.
Graveyards have zombies.
Zombies pop out of graveyards.
Zombies can be in love.
Zombies can be nurses.
I like pretty zombies.

Seven Dogs and More!
One dog,
two dogs
three dogs,
four,
five dogs,
six dogs,
seven dogs,
and more!!

All Kinds of Fruit
Strawberries are fruit.
Blueberries are fruit.
Apples are fruit.
Peaches are fruit.
Grapes are fruit.
Tomatoes are fruit.
Watermelons are fruit.
Bananas are fruit.
Cherries are fruit.
Lemons are fruit.
Oranges are fruit.
Fruit!

Vehicles
Car
Truck
Taxi
Train
Subway
Airplane
Bike
Boat

Dogs
Dogs.
Dogs do lots of things.
Some dogs swim.
Some dogs swing.
Some dogs chew bones.
Some dogs chew toys.
Some dogs play ball.
Some dogs play cards.
Some dogs play chase.
Some dogs play soccer.
Some dogs ride in cars.
Some dogs ride in strollers.
Some dogs wear harnesses.
Some dogs wear sunglasses.
Some dogs wear coats.
Some dogs wear costumes.
Some dogs listen.
Some dogs listen to stories.
Some books are about dogs.
Some dogs read books.

Puppies
Puppies rest.
Puppies run.
Puppies look.
Puppies chew.
Puppies sleep.
Puppies play.
Puppies sit.
Puppies swim.
Puppies yawn.
Puppies climb.
Puppies jump.
Puppies drive?

If I Had a Thumb
If I had a thumb...
I could call you on the phone, when I was alone.
If I had a thumb...
I could open my own can of food; and then I would be in a better mood.
If I had a thumb...
I could use a computer mouse and a webcam, to look at you in your house.
If I had a thumb...
I could scratch my back. What do you think about that?
If I had a thumb...
I could hold a spoon, and then I could drink soup until noon.
If I had a thumb...
I could peel a carrot, and share it with my friend Ms. Parrot.
If I had a thumb...
I could put on a pair of pajamas, and I wouldn't need my mama.
If I had a thumb...
I could hold water in a glass, and not just eat the grass.
This book is finished as you can see, all these special things could be done if we had a thumb.

What Do You Hear
Woof Woof, Woof Woof, Little Girl, Little Girl, What do you hear?
I hear a dog barking at me
Meow Meow, Meow Meow, Little Girl, Little Girl, What do you hear?
I hear a cat sitting next to me!
Neigh Neigh, Neigh Neigh, Little Girl, Little Girl, What do you hear?
I hear a horse standing next to me!
Moo Moo, Moo Moo, Little Girl, Little Girl, What do you hear?
I hear a cow standing next to me!
Baa Baa, Baa Baa, Little Girl, Little Girl, What do you hear?
I hear a sheep standing next to me!
Tweet Tweet, Tweet Tweet, Little Girl, Little Girl, What do you hear?
I hear a bird singing next to me!

Drug Awareness
These are some of the hundreds of barbiturates that are available.
These could  kill you.
These are caffeine pills.
These are red dragons or red rum.
This is what you get them in.
These pills  calm you down, but they should only be used with a prescription.
These red rocks make you feel indestructible, but they are extremely dangerous.
Advil can also be dangerous if used in a wrong way.
They claim to take the pain  away, but they can be addictive if abused.
Teens should never take prescriptions that are not for them.  Drugs can kill you.

Kansas Is My Home
I live in Kansas
Kansas is my home.
The Kansas map is a rectangle.
Kansas is my home.
The Kansas capitol is in Topeka.
Kansas is my home.
Sunflowers are a Kansas flower.
Kansas is my home.
Wheat is a Kansas crop.
Kansas is my home.
Meadowlarks are a Kansas bird.
Kansas is my home.
Bison are a Kansas animal.
Kansas is my home.
Farms are a Kansas business.
Kansas is my home.
I am a Jayhawk.
Kansas is my home.

Spongebob Squarepants
I like SpongeBob.
His last name is SquarePants.
I like SpongeBob because he is funny.
SpongeBob lives with Gary.
SpongeBob like to play with Patrick.
SpongeBob  works at the Krusty Krab.
Mr. Krab lives with his daughter Pearl.
When SpongeBob plays outside it annoys Squidward.
Squidward likes to play his clarinet.
SpongeBob's favorite super heroes are Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy.

Winter is...
Winter is...
Winter is ice-skating.
Winter is ice fishing.
Winter is snowball fights.
Winter is snowmen.
Winter is sledding.

I Like Snow, Wouldn't You Know!
I like snow.
I see it blow.
I don't like rain.
It can be a pain.
I like the sun.
It's lots of fun.
I like all the seasons.
I don't need any reasons!

Things I Can Do
I can hold your hand.
I can hear the waves on the beach.
I can see you from a distance.
I can talk to you. Do you hear me?
I can see colors.
I can love you.
I can miss you.
I can be a friend.
I can grow old.
I can smile.
I can be silly.
I can do a lot!

Medicine Labels
Take medicine the way the doctor tells you to.
Medicine containers always have labels with directions.
Do not take it if there is not a label.
The label will have the patient's name and the doctor's name.
It may tell you that you should not take it with some other medicines.
It might tell you to take it with food.
It may tell you to avoid some activities.
Labels have a date that shows when it is old.
Take all of the medicine that the doctor tells you to take.

Body
MY BODY!
This is my head.  What can you do with your head?
These are my eyes. What can you do with your eyes?
This is my mouth. What can you do with your mouth?
This is my nose. What can you do with your nose?
These are my ears. What can you do with your ears?
These are my arms. What can you do with your arms?
These are my hands. What can you do with your hands?
These are my fingers. What can you do with your fingers?
These are my legs. What can you do with your legs?
These are my feet. What can you do with your feet?
These are my toes. What do you do with your toes?
This is my body. What can you do with your body?

What are you going to do?
What will you do over vacation?
I am going bowling. What will you do over vacation?
I am going shopping. What will you do over vacation?
I am going to the movies. What will you do over vacation?
I will play video games. What will you do over vacation?
I will hang out with friends. What will you do over vacation?
I am going to a party. What will you do over vacation?
I am going to Disney. What will you do over vacation?
I am going to the beach. What will you do over vacation?
I am going to the park. What will you do over vacation?
I am going to the library. What will you do over vacation?

Manatees, the Gentle Giants
This is a West Indian Manatee.
They can be found in warm climates such as Crystal River, Florida.
They are the state marine mammal of Florida.
They can grow to be very big!
They are mammals and must come up for air.
They are also vegetarians.
They are a protected species.
There are manatee zones where people cannot go.
People can go on manatee tours.
People can swim with the manatees.
Kayaks are a good way to get up close with manatees.
People have to watch out for the manatees!
Manatees need our help to survive.

My Bakugans
I love my Bakugans.
I love my Bakugan cards.
I love to buy Bakugans.
I love my Bakugan cake.
I love Bakugan battles.
I love my Bakugan poster.
I love to read about Bakugans.
Bakugans come in many shapes.
I love all of my Bakugans.
My dad loves Bakugans too!

Horses
Horses
I like white horses.
I like brown horses.
I like gray horses.
I like black horses.
I like brown and white horses.
I like baby horses.
I like cows too.

Hummingbirds!!!!!
A female Hummingbird has a cream color and it has a little bit of green.
The male Hummingbird has a red throat and its body is green.
Hummingbirds love to drink red nectar.
Female Hummingbirds nest in the spring and they have about 2 to 3 babies.
The Hummingbird is the smallest bird in the world.
Even squirrels love red nectar!!!!
Male hummingbirds fight over the females.
Hummingbirds have real long tongues.
Hummingbirds love drinking cactus nectar.
Hummingbirds come in many different colors!!
The female hummingbird is the only one who takes care of the young.
The female gives the baby hummingbirds bugs for food.

People
People.
Some people are older.
Some people are younger.
Some people skateboard.
Some people spin.
Some people wear glasses.
Some people cheer.
Some people wait.
Some people play guitar.
Some people ride bikes.
Some people ride trains.
Some people ride camels.
Some people ride horses.
Some people make funny faces.
Some people golf.
Some people have big families.
Some people hold hands.
Some people wear hoods.
All people smile.

Jon Bon Jovi And His Greatest Hits.
Jon Bon Jovi rocks.
Jon Bon Jovi is a musician.
Jon Bon Jovi is a singer.
Jon Bon Jovi is a song writer and composer.
Jon Bon Jovi is an actor.
Jon Bon Jovi has a Golden Globe award.
Jon Bon Jovi did a solo for Blaze Of Glory.
I like his song Living On A Prayer.
When he was young he had great songs.
When I was 19 or 20 he had a concert on the computer.

Hannah Montana
Hannah Montana
by Kylie
Hannah Montana likes to sing.
I went to a Hannah Montana concert.
The concert was in Omaha.
It was fun.
My favorite song was "Best of Both Worlds."
I got a Hannah Montana book at the concert.

Pokemon
I love Pokemon
because they are my favorite 
cartoon.
I take my little sister to see Pikachu.
My sister likes Pikachu. She sleeps with her Pikachu.
Meowth is my favorite Pokemon. He is my best Pokemon.
Pikachu is my favorite electric type in the whole deck.
Piplup has water powers.
Pikachu is in a parade, and my sister and I watched it.
My sister and I listened to the music.  We got to shake his hand.
TenTen and the teddy bear are at the parade and on one of the floats. My sister got to shake their hands.
The end

Zac....Me
I have a brother, Luke, and a sister, Kristina. I have a Mom and a cool Dad.
I like to go to the beach.
I like my dad's red car.
I like to go on adventures.
I like the Berenstein bears, Arthur & Shrek.
I like the movie, Shrek.
I like Target.
I like McDonalds.
One of my favorite foods is spaghetti, YUMMY!!!
TH,TH,TH,THAT'S ALL FOLKS!!!

The Letter R
This is the letter R.
R is for ring.
R is for rose.
R is for robe.
R is for rabbit.
R is for rain.
R is for raccoon.
R is for restroom.
R is for ram.
R is for robot.
This is the letter R.

Stripes the Liger
Hello my name is stripes. I live in the zoo, and I am a cross breed between a male lion and a female tiger.
I am way bigger than my parents, and I love to play. I am very friendly since I grew up with humans.
This is my father. He is big and mighty, like I soon will be.
This is my mother. She is beautiful and strong. I hope to be like her one day, wise, friendly, and a wonderful parent.
This is my owner, who raised me and took care of me.
I love to swim and take baths.
I love to eat chicken too.
This is my brother.
I always perform tricks in shows for the people.
This is me and my brother lying in the sun... aaaah feels good! Bye guys!

Kayaking
KAYAKING IS FUN.
IT IS FUN TO CROSS THE WATER.
KAYAKS CAN BE COLORFUL.
KAYAKING IS EASIER ON SMOOTH WATER.
THE KAYAK IS IN THE WATER.
THERE ARE TWO KAYAKERS.
THE MAN IS ROWING A KAYAK.
THE KAYAKS ARE ON THE BEACH.

Don't Forget Your Manners
Don't Forget Your Manners By: Dani Brown and Dezyree Betsey
Always say please when you ask for something, and thank you when something is done for you.
When you eat, use your silverware...
...and not your hands!!
Always wash your hands before eating.
Don't chew with your mouth open.
Always say "yes sir" or "no sir" when talking to gentlemen...
And "yes ma'am" or "no ma'am" when talking to a lady.
Be nice to everyone...
And don't forget your manners.
Thank you for watching :)

Where is Wally?
Where is Wally? Wally is at the football.
Where is Wally? Wally is outside.
Where is Wally? Wally is walking.
Where is Wally? Wally is talking to Santa.
Where is Wally?
Wally is wet!
Where is Wally?
Wally is walking on the table.
Where is Wally?
Wally is in the train station.
Where is Wally? Wally is in a puzzle.

Eat
Eat
eat ice cream
eat chocolate
eat cereal
eat breakfast
eat lunch
eat dinner
eat junk food
eat cookies
eat spaghetti
eat pizza
eat cake
eat cake
almost gone!

Mouse Mess
Mouse Mess
by Linnea Riley
(adapted)
Mouse    eats
Peanut Butter
Mouse     eats
Cracker
Mouse     eats
Oreo Cookie
Mouse     eats
Corn Flakes
Mouse     eats
Jam

Rainbow
Red
Orange
Yellow
Green
Blue
Purple

I Like Fruit.
I like fruit.
I like cherries. They are very good.
I like kiwis.  They are very good.
I like oranges. They are very good.
I like apples.  They are very good.
You have never tried fruit? You should try it!

I Love Christmas
I love Christmas because of pretty Christmas trees.
I love Christmas because I get to spend time with my family.
I love Christmas because of gingerbread houses.
I love Christmas because of the lights.
I love Christmas because of the flying reindeer.
I love Christmas because of the music.
I love Christmas because Santa comes to my house.
I love Christmas because I get to decorate.
I love Christmas because I get to make a snowman.
I love Christmas because I get to make and eat cookies.
I love Christmas because I get to hear the carolers.
My dogs love Christmas because they can wear funny hats.
My cat loves Christmas because she can eat the Christmas tree.

Pickup Truck
Mckenna drives a slow silver pickup truck.
Grandchildren like to ride to the country in the red pickup truck.
This old pickup truck is not  working anymore.
"Let's go  Edward, you are a cool dude."
This cool, big pickup truck is mine.
This is a black, awesome, fast new pickup truck.
Maybe R Truth  will buy this pickup truck?
Grace's dad used a pickup truck at the farm.
"Oh, no. Bad breaks. I can't stop the pickup truck!"
This is silly. There are pumpkins all over this pickup truck.
This pickup is a strong towboat vehicle.
Can I drive that beautiful  pickup truck?

Thank You
Thank you!
Thank you for the books.
Thank you for the clothes.
Thank you for the ice cream.
Thank you for the popcorn.
Thank you for the ride.
Thank you for the letter.
Thank you for the balloons.
Thank you for the flowers.
Thank you for the pizza.
Thank you for the lunch.
Thank you for the time.
Thank you for the hug.
You are welcome!

Clouds
Clouds are floating particles of water in the air.
Low lying clouds are called stratus clouds.
Middle range clouds are called alto-stratus clouds.
Clouds that are very high up are called cirrus clouds.
When sunlight hits the clouds just right it makes a rainbow.
Clouds float high up in the air because they are made up of a very light gas.
Some clouds make shapes. This one is a heart.
If you go outside and look up, you'll see that clouds are really cool.

All About Having Friends
Friends will always love you.
They always hang around.
Friends are there for you when you cry,
to tell secrets,
to keep secrets,
to play hide and go-seek with,
and most importantly, to smile with.
Friends are here to stay.
The End.

Dollar Store 2010
We went on a field trip.
First, we went to the Dollar Store.
We had to find a present.
It was for a friend.
We looked very carefully to find the perfect present.
It was hard work.
Next, we waited in line.
Then we paid for our presents.
Then, it was time for lunch at Boston Market.
We had to order our food,
and we ate!
We even saw Ms. Novak.
It was a great trip. It was our favorite this year.

I Like Penguins
Penguins together.
Penguins love.
Baby penguins.
Penguins swim.
Penguins jump.
Funny penguins.
Penguin momma.

Desserts
Oreos are delicious.
These cookies look tasty.
This looks splendid.
This root bear float looks scrumptious.
This looks good!!

The Snow Flakes
This is  Marissa's story about Snow Flakes.
The snow flakes looked like tiny angels fluttering by.
This is Kiki and Lily and their baby sister Nana looking at the snow flakes fluttering by.
They found a snow flakes looked like tiny angels. The End.

Daniel's Story
Hi, my name is Daniel.
I live in East Providence, Rhode Island.
I like to go on field trips to work with Ray and Kevin.
I deliver Meals on Wheels on Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday.
I work at Big Lots on Wednesdays.
I deliver South Coast Insider magazines.
I collect the recycling from the office and bring it to the recycling plant.
I like to throw the trash out.
I like to eat pickles at home.
I do a great job waiting for my bus. My bus comes at 2:20.
I like to eat chips for snack.
Sometimes I bring Caprisun for drinks.

This Christmas Story
At Christmas we set up the tree.
We decorate the house outside too.
I bake peanut butter cookies for people who come over.
We give each other presents.
And we have a giant snowball fight.

I Like Christmas!
I like Christmas!
I like Christmas cupcakes!
I like Christmas gummi bears!
I like Christmas trees!
I like presents!
Giving presents to people is nice.

Cities 97
My favorite radio station is Cities 97.
They play pop music.
Cities 97 plays Colbie Caillat.
My favorite song is "Fallin' For You".

Christmas
We celebrate Christmas.
My mom and me decorate our Christmas tree.
We put ornaments on our tree.
We put candy canes on our tree.
I eat peanut butter and chocolate chip cookies on Christmas Eve.
I open my gifts on Christmas Day.

The Horses are Playing!!!!!!!
The horses are in a herd!!!!
The 2 horses are looking at a ball!!!
The 2 horses are playing in the water!!!!!
The horses are looking at one one other!!!!
The horses are playing!!!
The horse is working on the ranch!!!
The horse is looking at something!!!!
The horses are in the herd together!!!
The horses are cuddling together!!!!!!
The 3 horses are running in the water!!!!
The horse is playing with a ball, it is funny!!!
The end, ha ha ha!!!!!

What Is Your Job?
Police officer, where do you work?
I work at the police station. I keep everyone safe.
Pilot, where do you work?
I work at the airport. I fly the airplanes.
Mail carrier, where do you work?
I work at the post office. I deliver the mail to your house.
Construction worker, where do you work?
I work on the houses. I can fix old houses or build new houses.
Farmer, where do you work?
I work on the farm. I plant corn and milk cows.
Fire fighter, where do you work?
I work at the fire station. I help put out fires.
Teacher, where do you work?
I work at the school. I teach children.
Chef, where do you work?
I work at the restaurants.  I cook the food.
Doctor, where do you work?
I work at the clinic.  I keep people healthy.

My Christmas
I open my presents at 12 on Christmas Eve.
My Mommy cooks dinner Christmas Day.
I play with my presents.
I go to Daddy's house.
After Christmas, my Daddy and me go shopping for my Mommy.

The Elements
Elements are everywhere around us.
Elements are grouped together on a table..it is called the periodic table.
Elements are made of different things, but have similar characteristics.
Some elements are light.
Some elements are heavy.
A balloon has gas that keeps it floating in the air.
Elements make up water and the air.
A walker has metal elements.
Elements fit together to form everything in our world.

The King Cobra
The king cobra is a powerful snake.
It lives in forests in Asia.
The king cobra eats other snakes.
The king cobra eats lizards.
The king cobra eats rodents.
It has venom, or poison, that can make people very sick if they get bitten.
People should be very careful around king cobras.

Dolphins
A dolphin lives in the sea.
A dolphin eats fish.
A dolphin swims.
A dolphin breathes air.
A dolphin has a fin.

Hummingbirds
Our world is full of many kinds of birds.
Hummingbirds are probably my favorite birds.
Hummingbirds are the smallest birds you'll ever see.
They drink nectar from flowers.
Hummingbirds have very pretty colors.
This is another very colorful hummingbird.
They can have very long feathers that are very pretty too.
The Ruby-throated Humming bird is one of the most common hummingbirds.
Hummingbirds can flap their wings around 70 times per second. That is really fast for a bird!
Hummingbirds really fascinate me, and I hope they fascinate you too.

How to Make Potato Latkes...
To make potato latkes....
you will need ingredients.
One pound of potatoes.
One sweet onion.
One tablespoon baking powder,
one teaspoon salt,
three tablespoons flour, and two eggs!
Oil for the pan...
and a baking sheet!
You need other tools too!
A sponge for washing.
A potato peeler.
Cheese grater.
Measuring spoons...
and an oven, of course!
First, wash the potatoes in the sink.
Next, peel off the skin.
Then grate the potatoes with the cheese grater.  The onions, too!
Add the eggs, salt, and flour.
Baking powder!
Mix it up with your hands (or a spoon).
Rub some oil on the baking sheet.
Take handfuls of the potato mixture and form into pancakes.
Place on the baking sheet.  Bake for 30 minutes, flipping after 20.
Remove your latkes, cool them, and enjoy a Hanukkah treat!

The Animal Kingdom - Striped Dolphin
The striped dolphin is an animal.
The striped dolphin lives in the tropical ocean.
It eats krill.
It eats fish.
It eats octopus.
Sometimes people see it in the ocean.

I Like Peppers!
I like peppers!
I like peppers with sauce!
I like red peppers!
I like green peppers!
I like yellow peppers!
I like spicy peppers!
Hot! Hot! Hot!

My Musical Instruments
Harp
Guitar
Violin
Piano
Cello
Saxophone
Trumpet
Clarinet

happy holidays
There are many holidays throughout the year.
On January first, New Years Day is celebrated.
January 19th is National Popcorn Day.
February first is Groundhog Day.
Febuary 27th is polar bear day.
March 20 is extraterestrial abduction day.
the 26th is make up your own holiday day.
April first is April fools day.
the 26th of April is pretzel day.
May the 13th is frog jumping day.
the 14th is dance like a chicken day.
June 9th is Donald Duck day.
The 23rd is take your dog to work day.
The 24th is Thanksgiving Day
and in December is all other kinds of holidays.
Then in January it starts all over again.

Weather by: Alexis Corder
There are many types of weather.
You can check the weather on your T.V. every morning.
When the sky is dark and scary everyone knows whats coming.... a thunderstorm.
BOOM BOOM !! Thunder is very loud.
When there is a thunderstorm you need to stay in your house and not go outside.
When there is a rainy day and you are going to school you can wear your rain boots!
Rain boots keep your feet from getting wet.
You also can wear your raincoat so you don't get soaked.
And don't forget your umbrella !!
When you see the pretty blue sky and the clouds it is going to be a fun day.
When it is sunny outside you can play all different kinds of games.
But the most important thing to remember is that when that beautiful sun is out you need to put on your sunblock !
If you don't put on sunblock you are going to get a sunburn, OUCH!!
When you see the ground that is completely covered in snow you know it is going to be cold outside.
When it is cold outside you need to make sure you stay warm! You need to wear your big jacket and your scarf.
If you don't wear your jacket and stay warm you are going to get very sick.
When it is cold outside there is nothing better than a cup of hot chocolate.
When there is a snowy day all the little kids go outside and play.
When you watch the weather on your t.v you are going to see a weather person.
A weather person can either be a boy or a girl.
The weather person will tell you the weather outside and the weather for the whole week.
So don't forget to check the weather every morning.
You never know what it is going to be like outside.

Basketball Games
The Cavaliers' LeBron James is jumping to dunk the basketball.
He can run fast to steal the basketball.
Yeah! Pass basketball to MIMI.
I love it when the Cavaliers beat the Spurs.
I think   Cavaliers are a more awesome team.
He's going to catch basketball.
What's the score?
He needs to keep  playing the game.

When I Wake Up
When I wake up in the morning all I hear is noise.
Ring, ring, ring, is the sound of my alarm clock. It's time to wake up.
I get out of bed. The wooden floor squeaks squeaks squeaks as I walk to the bathroom.
Whooshing, whooshing, whooshing, is the sound of the water as I brush my teeth.
I then get dressed while my mother prepares breakfast.
Sizzle, sizzle, sizzle, is the sound of the bacon cooking. Mmmm, bacon and eggs for breakfast, my favorite.
There's a lot of noise in my house in the morning.
Honk,honk,honk, is the sound of the school bus. My school bus is here! It's time to go to school.

Transportation
Modes of Transportation take you from one place to the next.
There are different types of transportation. Do you know what they are?
A car is a form of transportation. It drives on the road.
A boat is a form of transportation. It sails on the sea.
A plane is a form of transportation. It flies in the sky.
A train is a form of transportation. It goes on railroad tracks.
A bike is a form of transportation. You can ride in on a sidewalk.
A bus is a form of transportation. It can take kids to school.
What kind of transportation do you use?

worlds dumbest laws
A Los Angeles ordinance forbids a person to have a hippopotamus in his possession.
In Jackson, Mississippi, if you want to burn down your house you must first remove the top.
a Pensacola, Florida law prohibits rolling a barrel down the street.
Florida law states that you are not allowed to crack three dishes or chip the edges of four or more cups or saucers.
In Paulding, Ohio, a policeman may bite a dog to quiet him.
A Belevarde California law city council order reads: no dog shall be in a public place without its master on a leash.

The Ways of a Bonobo
This is a Bonobo.
They live in the Congo of Africa.
They enjoy playing.
They groom themselves and other Bonobos.

Concert
Today we will go to a Christmas concert.
The singers will sing many songs.
So, we have to be quiet and...
listen!

Weather
Weather.
Weather can be windy.
Weather can be wet.
Weather can be sunny.
But, we're not done yet.
Weather can be loud.
Weather can be cold.
Weather can be beautiful.
But, you don't need to be told.

Positive and Negative Feelings
I feel happy when I am at home!
I feel sad when I am alone.
I feel great when the sun is shining!
I feel scared when a lightning and thunderstorm is coming.
I feel excited when I get to play outside in the leaves!
I feel irritated when it is too cold to go outside.
I feel joyful when I get to be with my friends!
I feel miserable when I have to play alone.
I feel enthusiastic when I get a good grade in class!
I feel nervous before a big test.
I feel relaxed after a good nights sleep.
I feel exhausted when I stay up all night!
Happy, great, excited, joyful, enthusiastic, and relaxed are all positive feelings!
Sad, scared, irritated, miserable, nervous, and exhausted are all negative feelings.
Now you know several different positive and negative feelings!  I hope you feel delighted when you read this book!

Busy as a Bee
Ready, Set, BUZZ!!!
Bees search for flowers to get pollen so they can make honey.
The bees take the nectar to their beehive.
Once the bees put the nectar into the honeycombs, the nectar dries and becomes honey.
Once the honey is made, the bees will eat it.
While the drones, or worker bees, are gathering nectar the female bees feed the larva, or baby bees.
When the bee is grown up, the bee will climb out of his honeycomb cell.
If the bee is a male, he will go and hunt for nectar.
If the bee is female, she will feed the baby bees.  If she is the queen bee then she will be the leader of all the bees.
What a bee-utiful day to be a bee!

In the Rainforest
Many things live in a rainforest.
Plants are living things.
Insects eat plants.
Frogs eat insects.
Snakes eat frogs.
Crocodiles eat snakes.
This is called a food chain.

Beyblade
This is a Beyblade.
This a tournament in a store.
These are some of the Beyblades. The second one is one I have.
The small one is called Leon.
This is an area where you battle.
This is a battle. In a battle, you touch the Beyblade to the ground.
This is one of the old Beyblades with out new things.
This is a battle in an area with the new Beyblade.
This guy is ripping the Beyblade on the ground.
This is how to build Leon.
He is running after his Beyblade on the floor.
The End!

My Everyday
Good Morning Day.
Every morning I wake up.
I brush my teeth and get ready for the day.
I eat breakfast.
I go to school.
I play during recess.
I eat lunch.
I learn in the classroom.
Some days I have art class.
Some days I have music class.
After school, I go home.
I do my homework.
I eat supper with my family.
I spend time with my family.
After my day, I put on my pajamas...
...and I go to sleep.
Good Night Day.  
See you tomorrow.

Jimmy R.
If you gave jimmy a tank,
he would ask for cannon size cheese ball.
When you give him a cheese ball he will ask for a parking space.
When you give him a parking space he will ask for a target.
Once you give him a target, he will ask for more targets.

Johnny
If you give Johnny a dragon,
he will ask to go to Disney Land.
When you let him go to Disney Land, he will see Donald Duck.
Then he will ask for a turkey for Thanksgiving

Franchesca's clothes
If you give  Franchesca a shirt...
She will probably wants some pants.
When you give her the pants...
She will probably wants some shoes.
When she finishes changing...
She will probably want new clothes for tomorrow.

Denis
If you give Denis a car...
he will ask for some wheels. When you give Denis some wheels...
he will probably want some gas money.  Once you give him some gas money...
he will drive the car.

Katie For Real.
There once was a girl named Katie.
She has friends...
But sometimes she likes to be alone.
Katie can do a lot of cool things.
Katie dances.
Katie plays baseball. Strike one!
Katie practices diving.
Katie plays the drums. Boom Boom Boom.
Katie draws. How pretty!
Katie rides bikes. Look at her go!
Katie cuts hair. Snip Snip.
Katie climbs mountains.
All those activities made Katie tired!

Jairo
One time I was racing and went into the water.
I have to buy a new car.
The car behind me crashed.
So I won the race.

Farm Animals
This is a baby horse which is called a Foal. Isn't he cute?
This donkey is cute. I think his name is Sammy.
I like the goat because it makes a funny sound.
They are so fuzzy and cute.
The sheep eat grass.
I like to feed Roosters.

All About Dogs
Dogs love to laugh.
Dogs love to lie down.
Dogs love Christmas.
Dogs love to play.

Eating in the Cafeteria
I am ready to eat lunch.
I will touch my food.  I will eat my food.
I will not touch food on other trays.
I will not touch other trays.

Bow Wow and Bieber
He is a good role model.
He is a good singer.
Justin Bieber is also a good singer.
He's a good role model too.
Look at his cool outfits.
He has some nice bling.
I saw him play the guitar at a concert.
He is a really sweet guy.
I am sure that he is a nice person.
Maybe he will learn to play the piano in the future.
Lil Bow Wow has good jewelry.
His outfits are tight.
He does nice thing for a bunch of people.
He is loving to his family. He takes care of his mom.
He has to sign a bunch of autographs.
I bet he doe not like the bright light.

Lamborghinis
Lamborghini's are luxurious and expensive cars.
A lambroghini costs more then $100,000.
There are many types  of lamborghinis.
All Lamborghini's can go almost 200mph.
I like the new Lamborghini Reventon.
I like driving my Lamborghinis.
One day I will buy and drive a 
Lamborghini from Minnesota to Los Angeles!!!
It took me 3 weeks until I arrived in Los Angeles.
My lamborghini ran out of gas in Colorado.
Finally only a mile away to LA!!!!
But a road block?
You have got to be kidding.
So i saw a ramp...
And jumped over it!!!!
The End

Dolphins that are cool!
The dolphins are playing in the water as the sun goes down.
Two dolphins are playing in the water during the day.
The dolphin is playing with a ball in the water.
The dolphins played in water as night time approached. The water is light and they look cute!
Dolphin  is talking to a zebra! 
And dolphins are super cute and playful too!

Happy Thanksgiving
Happy Thanksgiving
I watched The Land Before Time 3 on DVD by myself.
I ate turkey during Thanksgiving dinner.
I ate mashed potatoes with gravy.
I wacthed the Chicago Bears. They won the football game.
I watched Charlie Brown's Thanksgiving.
I ate bread. It was good.
That's good pumpkin pie.

Happy Thanksgiving
Happy Thanksgiving
Our car was going to our cousin's house.
I like eating turkey for Thanksgiving. It was good. My mom and my dad made turkey at night time. Thank you.
My brother and I like playing Call of Duty during Thanksgiving.
I like playing hide and seek during Thanksgiving.

Happy Thanksgiving!
Happy Thanksgiving!
We ate turkey for Thanksgiving.
I ate bread. It tasted good.
I played video games. One was called Call of Duty.
I watched the Bears playing football with my dad. The Bears won.
We have a happy family.
I watched SpongeBob Square pants.

Happy Thanksgiving
Happy Thanksgiving
I ate turkey and rice for Thanksgiving.
We ate ham for our Thanksgiving Feast.
My grandma made lasagna. It tasted good.
I ate pumpkin pie. I put whipped cream on the pumpkin pie.
We played party games like pin the tail on the donkey.
We played video games on the big screen, like Call of Duty.
A lot of families go to people's houses for Thanksgiving so that they can be together.

I Love You
Christmas is a loving time.
You make times happy,
when they are sad.
You are the best.
You are my sisters, and
I LOVE YOU!
THE END

Colors
YELLOW
RED
RED
BLUE
RED
YELLOW
BLUE
GREEN
BLUE
YELLOW
GREEN
YELLOW
RED
BLUE
GREEN

My Life as a Boston Terrier
Hi, My name is Samson. I'm a 4 year old Boston Terrier.
I just want tell you about some fun and not so fun times in my life.
Since it's almost Christmas time, my human decided to force me to be Santa. It was not fun!
This is one of my favorite things to do. It's fun!
I think I was just sad here. It was not fun!
I'm not too sure about this fellow.
Play time! This is fun!
I love my computer time. Where's my coffee?
This was a good day!
I know. I know. My tongue has issues.
Don't remind me. It was not fun!
Halloween time..Why? It was not fun!
Ahhh...bed time! Now this is fun!

Apple Picking!
In the fall it is fun to pick apples.
There are many different types of apples.
The green ones are delicious.
The red ones are also delicious.
The trees are easy to climb.
But they can be very high up!
Pick a tree with apples low to the ground.
Make sure you wash your apples before eating them!

Swimming is Fun!
Swimming is fun!
I like the water.
Swimming is fun!
I like the pool.
Swimming is fun!
I like to race.
Swimming is fun!
I like to splash.
Swimming is fun!
The dog thinks swimming is fun too!

Tye's Thankful book
I am thankful for my dog.
I am thankful for deer.
I am thankful for my four wheeler.

Harley's I AM THANKFUL book
I am thankful for my cat.
I am thankful for my dog
I am thankful for my family.
I am thankful for my cows.
I am thankful for my Mom.

Kevin's I am thankful...
I am thankful for my dog.
I am thankful for my teacher.
I am thankful for legos.
I am thankful for my house.

A Day of Fun!
Good Morning sun!
My favorite purple sweater, do we match?
I feed Jolie.
Time for school. I will work hard.
I go to Grandma's house.
Then to Freedom Farm to ride my horse.
Whoa!
I ride my bike home.
Time to go fishing with Dad!
Say good night to Jolie.
I'm sleepy, time for bed...
The end.

All I want for Christmas
All I Want for Christmas is. . .
All I want is a doll.
All I want is a bike.
All I want is a WII.
All I want is a computer.
All I want is a phone.
All I want is a book.
All I want is a puppy.
All I want is a game.
All I want is a skateboard.
What do you want for Christmas?
Merry Christmas!

Adventures of the Pilgrims
The Mayflower sailed across the Atlantic Ocean.
The Pilgrims sailed on the Mayflower in 1620.
The Pilgrims left England to worship and pray as they wished.
The Pilgrims landed in Massachusetts.
The weather in Massachusetts is sunnier than in England.
The Mayflower Compact was an agreement that promised fair laws.
The Pilgrims worked to build their town and to grow and hunt their food.
The Wampanoag Indians taught the Pilgrims how to plant corn.
Squanto was a Wampanoag Indian friend of the Pilgrims.
The Wampanoag Indians taught the Pilgrims how to hunt for turkeys and deer.
Squanto taught the Pilgrims how to plant and grow corn.
The Pilgrims grew corn, pumpkins, green beans, squash, carrots, turnips, cucumbers, onions, radishes, beets and cabbages.
The Pilgrims survived that first year because they worked hard and made friends with the Wampanoag Indians.
Because of the Pilgrims' journey, we have Thanksgiving today.
Thankful means to be happy for what you have.

All About the Seasons
In the winter it is very cold.
When it snows you can build a snowman.
Christmas is in the winter.
It rains a lot in the spring.
Flowers are in the spring too.
Summer comes next and it gets hot.
School is out and you can go swimming.
Fall is the last season.
Leaves change colors and start to fall off trees.

What Do You Like to Eat?
I like to eat chicken nuggets.
I like to eat pizza.
I like to eat tacos.
I like to eat hot dogs.
I like to eat salad.
I like to eat hamburgers.
I like to eat french fries.
I like to eat spaghetti.
I like to eat macaroni and cheese.
I like to eat vegetables.
I like to eat fruit.
What do you like to eat?

Trains, Trains, Trains
A red train going down the track.
An express train in the rain.
A red caboose.
The trains are sleeping.
A shiny silver and red train.
These trains are in the shed.
The red trains are ready to go!
Three trains are coming!
Thomas the Train.
This black and red train is beautiful!
A yellow train at night.
The blue train looks fast.
This train is bringing people.
Puff! Puff! Here comes the train!

Jacob is a Star
Jacob's football team, the Bears are playing the Cows.
The Cows are winning 14 to 10 with ten seconds left.
Jacob took the ball up the field.
Jacob was tackled.
Jacob's team decides their next play.
Jacob ran down the field  into the end zone.
Jacob's team won 17 to 14, and Jacob was a star!!!!

Responsibilities of a Citizen
Being a citizen of the United States is special.
Citizens have important responsibilities.
The actions and choices of poeple in the U.S. affect our country.
A responsibility is a duty that someone is expected to fulfill.
There are two types of duties: personal and civic.
What are your personal responsibilities?
One is to educate yourself by going to school. This is a responsibility.
Another personal responsibility is to respect others.
Another is to help in your community.
What are your civic responsibilities?
One responsibility is to vote.
Another responsibility is to obey laws.
It is your civic responsibility to pay taxes.
Another responsibility is to serve on a jury.
Good citizenship is necessary for strong country and for safe communities.

Jill's Favourite Foods
SPAGHETTI BOLOGNAISES
SPAGHETTI BOLOGNAISE
LIVER AND BACON ONIONS
LIVER ONIONS AND MASH
STRAWBERRIES
GRAPES
PAVLOVA
PEACHES
COOKED BREAKFAST
TOMATOES
ENGLISH BREAKFAST
BREAKFAST FOR 2

Nurses are Community Helpers
Nurses are community helpers.
Doctors and nurses work together to help people.
All nurses go to school for special training.
Many nurses work at a hospital.
Some nurses help in operating rooms.
Nurses give medicine to people who are sick.
Nurses use a stethoscope to listen to sounds.
This nurse is listening with her stethoscope to a baby.
This nurse is checking a lady's blood pressure.
Sometimes nurses give shots to help prevent sickness.
A nurse would put a bandage on a cut or scrape.
Nurses like to help others and work together.
Nurses are happy to help you too!

Country
country road
sunflowers
tractor
lamb
farm
chicken
cows
goat
horse
windmill
gourds
corn
wheat
farmers
corn maze
wagon ride
woods

Basketball
Jacob likes to play basketball.
Jacob is great at basketball.
He scored!
Jacob likes to play basketball at school with his friends.
Jacob likes to play basketball at home.
Basketball is a fun sport to play.
Jacob is awesome!

cars
Cars.
You see cars
You see cars in big towns
to cars in little towns.
you see cars in every place.
cars are in different places.
In big towns.
In little towns.
On highways.
On roads.
Even on dirt roads.
You see cars everywhere.
No matter where you go there will be a car or cars.
You cant escape the cars they are everywhere.
You can run, but they will find you.
Do not run, just blend in.
The end.

Fred the Magical Leprachaun
Fred the leprechaun was asleep.
Along came a ninja he was a very bad ninja.
He stole Fred's pot of gold.
When fred woke up he noticed his pot of gold was gone and transformed into Griffen.
Griffen looked and looked for his pot of gold until finnaly he came across a house with a rainbow coming out of it.
So Griffen stole his pot of gold back.
He ran as fast as he could back to his home but when he got there the ninja was back.
They fought and fought until finnaly griffen won.

birthday!
On my birthday I had lots of party food.
On my birthday I invited my friend over.
On my birthday my friend slept over at my place.

My Short Vowel Sounds
A-E-I-O-U!  A-E-I-O-U! A-E-I-O-U!  These are called the vowels!
The short "a" sounds like the beginning of APPLE.
We think of an EGG to say the short "e" sound.
A dirty, wet dog that smells ICKY comes to mind for the short "i" sound.
Say AHHHHH!!!  The short "o" is the doctor sound.
Short "u" is so silly!  Think of UNDERPANTS!
A-E-I-O-U!
A-E-I-O-U!
A-E-I-O-U! 
These are called the vowels!

Keeping It Cool!
Peer Pressure
Sometimes you can boil over and explode with anger.
Friends can cause you to question yourself and deny yourself integrity.
It's that ability to say "No!"
When your inner voice speaks to you, listen.
Don't follow others!
Good friends support and respect each other.

Our Fun Adventures
Scott would like to fly in the sky like Superman.
Aareon would like to swing on the monkey bars like a monkey.
Kenis would like to splash in the tub like a duck.
Patrick would like to go skiing off of a roof like  spiderman.
Jose would like to use his bench as a boat to go down the river.
Quan would like to use the railing of the stairs as a slide.
Henry would like to use his broom to go flying.
Christopher would like to use chairs as his trip on a train.
Enrique would like to use his bench as a boat in the ocean.
Resa would like to use stairs as her mountain.
DeAnna would like to use a seashell as her escape to the ocean.
Rachel would like to use her boxes as an elevator.
Kenji would like to use his trampoline as a sky diving trip.

Cinderella
Cinderella
Once upon a time...
Cinderella lived with her mean old step-mother and two nasty step-sisters.
One day an invitation came from the King.
There was a party at the castle.
All the ladies of the land were invited.
Cinderella was excited she could go to the royal ball.
The mean step-mother said she couldn't go.
The step-mother and step-sisters left for the ball.
Cinderella was very sad.
The Fairy Godmother appeared.
With magic, she changed a pumpkin into a coach.
She changed Cinderella's rag dress into a lovely gown.
On Cinderella's feet were glass slippers.
Cinderella took the pumpkin coach to the ball.
Cinderella and the Prince danced all evening.
When the clock struck midnight, Cinderella had to leave.
On her way home, she dropped one slipper.
The duke searched for the girl who wore the slipper.
He carried the shoe from house to house.
The nasty step-sisters tried the slipper, but it didn't fit.
The stepmother and stepsisters tried to hide Cinderella.
But Cinderella tried the slipper and it fit perfectly.
The prince had found Cinderella!
Cinderella married her Prince Charming...
and they lived happily ever after.

Unesco Sites of Korea
Hello. I'm going to be talking about UNESCO sites of Korea. This is the Bulguksa Temple.
This is the Seokguram Grotto.
This is the Jongmyo Shrine.
This is the Hwaseong Fortress.
This is the Changdeokgung Palace.
This is Cheonmseongdae of the Gyeongju Historic Area.
This is the Haeinsa Temple Janggyeong Panjeon.
This is the Jeju Volcanic Island and Lava Tubes.
This is one of the royal tombs of Joseon Dynasty.
Now, I'll tell you about the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity.
South Korea began protecting its intangible culture in 1962.
This is the Royal Ancestral Rite and Ritual Music of the Jongmyo Shrine.
This is Pansori Epic Chant.
This is Ganggangsullae, a 5000-year-old dance.
This is the Mascot of the Gangneung Danoje Festival.
Thank you for reading my book.

I Like Bats
I like bats because they are scary.
I like bats because they fly.
I like bats because there are a lot of them.

Languages
I like scrabble because it spells words.
This sign is interesting.
I like Spanish.
I like language.
This newspaper has Chinese.
How to say "I love you" in different languages.
What language is this?
This is Thank You in different languages.
This language is from Africa.
These are numbers, they look like Japanese.
Maybe this is Chinese.
I like different languages.
This is German.
This is Dutch.

Thanksgiving is...
Thanksgiving is...
buying the perfect turkey.
Thanksgiving is...
decorating the house.
Thanksgiving is...
traveling to visit family.
Thanksgiving is...
homemade pumpkin pie.
Thankgiving is...
watching football.
Thanksgiving is...
eating dinner with your family.
Thanksgiving is...
going shopping on Black Friday.
Thanksgiving is...
having the day off!
Thanksgiving is...
taking a nap.
Thanksgiving is...
the Macy's Day Parade.
Happy Thanksgiving!

I like........
I like Sponge Bob.
I like Patrick.
I like Mr. Krabs.
I  like Backyardigans.
I like Blue's Clues.

Atticus's Book
Atticus waved the flag.
Sonny packed 
the bag.
Mitchell played
tag.
I used the rag.
The dog wagged his tail.

This Is How We Play Petanque
These are the boules we play with.
This is how we hold our boule.
And now we throw the boule.
We all take turns.
Now we see which team is closest to the jack.
Maybe we need to measure and see who gets closest.

The Vikings! By Kong
The Vikings are my favorite team.
They are the Best!
Brett Favre is cool!
He is a good Quarterback.
This is a funny Viking.
They made a touchdown!
They are playing.
They are kicking.
They get ready.
Adrian Peterson is good.

Nascars
This car is racing.
This car is getting fixed.
This car body is going up.
People can look at this car.
He won the race!
The jet is flying in the air at the race!
The mechanic is cleaning and fixing the engine.
I like Nascar because it is fun!

Dogs
Here are three dogs.
Here is a puppy dog.
Here is a silly dog.
Here is a black dog.
Here is a holiday dog.
Here are cool dogs.
Here is a lazy dog.
Here are snow dogs.
Here are my dogs.

Josiah Working
I work everyday at school.
I fill out my time card before I start.
Then, I go and get the supplies for cleaning.
I wash windows at my school.
Sometimes I sweep the stairs.
And sometimes I clean the elevator.
I also clean the trophy cases and plaques.
After I eat lunch I help wash the tables.
I help separate food waste in the lunch room.
I enjoy working at my school!!!

Cars
this is a car.
this is a car key.
put the key into the keyhole.
Vroom! Vroom!

An Autobiography
I was born.
I lived.
I grew.
I played.
I created.
I wondered
I erred.
I apologized.
I loved.
I aged.
I died.
I am remembered.

Halloween
The babies are peas.
The cat is a bee.
The pumpkin patch is fun.
The ghost can be scary.

I am James!
My name is James Russell. I was born in New York.
Cindy is my younger sister.
We moved to a brown house on a hill.
One day my sister Cindy fell off the swing!
My older sister, Nicki, had a cat named Jack.
Cindy threw Jack in the air!
Cindy was spanked and put in time out.
We moved to Texas when I was eight.
Then we moved to Port Aransas, on the Gulf of Mexico!
We live on a cul-de-sac.
If I was good my mom would buy me...
Two lizards! And...
A turtle!
So I was! And she did!
She got me a red-eared slider.
But I had to take him to the Birding Center...
And return him to the wild.
But I got to keep my lizards!
They are bearded dragons.
And my next book will be about them!

Ants
The ants are on the stem.
A group of ants is called a colony.
Ants are very strong.
All ants in the colony are female.
The beautiful queen ant lays eggs.
Larvae come out of the eggs.
When ants find food, they tap each other.
Hunting ants go out and find the food.
Ants will dig tunnels.
We think ants are beautiful.

About Pokemon
Pokemon is my favorite game. There are a lot of Pokemon characters.
Pichu is small and cute.
Pikachu is medium and is kind of cute.
This is Pikachu and his Pikachu car.
Meowth is small and he's a cat.
Plusle is an electric-type.
Dialga is a powerful Pokemon.
Palkia and Dialga fight when they see each other.
Aipom has a tail that looks like a hand.
Buneary is an ice-type Pokemon.
Gligar can fly.
Darkrai can go into shadows.
Feraligatr is a water-type Pokemon.
Minun is cute and durable.
Mudkip likes to play in mud.
Articuno is a big blue bird.
I love Pokemon and all the Pokemon characters!

I am Michael Jordan
I like Michael Jordan because he is the best.
I want to be a basketball player.
I want to be on the TV because I am the best in basketball.
I am Michael Jordan. This is me.
I dunk the basketball in the goal.
I dunk over all of the other players.
I shoot the basketball in the goal.
The other players try to stop me from dunking over them.
We all jump for the basketball.

Why I like Cheetahs
I like cheetahs because they're really fast.
They are good hunters.
Cheetahs climb quickly.
The cheetah cubs are fluffy.
They stick together as a pack.
They have good eye sight.
And I like cheetahs because they are in the cat family.
i love cheetahs!!!

Why I Like Tigers
I like tigers because...
Tiger cubs are as cute as buttons.
Tigers can be white or orange.
Tigers have great big teeth.
And I like tigers because they ROAR!!!

My Halloween Book
There is the pumpkin!
There is the monster!
There is the ghost!
There is the bat!
There is the candy!
Trick or Treat!

Knights
Duty, honor and loyalty were key to the success of a Medieval Knight.
Becoming a knight depended on the boys heritage.
At the age of seven a boy would report to the lord's castle to begin his training as a knight.
Around the age of thirteen, he was assigned as the personal assistant to a knight.
The ceremony of becoming a knight could last several days.
A knights armor and weapons made it possible for him to live through a battle.
Their armor could weigh as much as 45 pounds.
Here you can see a shield, sword and a knights helmet.
The helmet is the piece that covers the head and face.
After many design changes the helmet became a self-contained unit.
To protect the knights the chest plate had to be strong.
Gauntlets are gloves that protected the knights hands.
Knights need armor, and so did their horse.
In battle, knights did not want to harm each others horses as they were thought of as trophies.
The medieval sword was a knights primary weapon.
The mace was a medieval weapon that was used as a close contact weapon.
The crossbow could reach a target from 350 to 400 yards away.
Battle axes came in a variety of sizes and designs.
There were many types of pikes and lances that a knight could use.
The castle was ultimately a knights most important responsibility to protect.
Knights would take turns standing guard at different posts around the castle.
Their duty while standing guard was to keep watch out for enemies.
Knights had to fight battles.
Sometimes knights would fight battles mounted.
FIghting on foot was most common.
Knights would participate in tournaments.
During a tournament knights would use specially made lances.
Being a knight was an important duty.

Myself
This is my stretch face.
This is my oval face.
This is my round face.
This is my crooked face.

Volcanos
I like volcanos.
They are interesting.
It is red.
There is smoke coming out of it.
There is lava coming out.
There is a lake in it.
There is fire coming out.
It has lava going away.
It is shiny.
It is black.
It is colorful.
It is a cloud of smoke.
It is a mountain.
It is brown.
It has snow on it.

Play Ball
This is a baseball field.
Baseball players can get mad.
This player is going for a double play.
This player is going for a diving catch.
These players are trying to jump high to catch a ball.
This player is waiting for the ball.
This is a pitcher.
He just hit a homerun!
This batter is going to bunt the ball.
This runner is sliding into third base.
This is what teams do after the games;they celebrate!

Cheerleading
Cheerleading
Usually, a cheerleading team wears uniforms.
Some are colorful and some are not.
Cheerleaders say cheers to lead the crowd. They cheer about what is going on in the game.
Remember, you have to be loud so the crowd can hear you.
Cheerleaders do a lot of stunts.
This stunt would be hard for beginners.
Most stunts are easy.
When you are a cheerleader you compete in many competitions.
In order to win you have to be  awesome on the floor!
Cheerleading is very fun!

Nouns--People, Places and things
Mom is a noun
Man is a noun
Girl is a noun
City is a place.
Country is a place.
Furniture can be things.
A car is a thing.

Taylor Swift Rocks!
We love Taylor Swift!
Taylor is  friends with Kelly.
Kelly sings.
Taylor sings.
Taylor plays guitar.
Taylor wears sunglasses.
Taylor has a concert.
Taylor is on a magazine!
Taylor has a CD.
Taylor sings "Love Story."
Taylor sings "Picture to Burn."
Taylor Swift is at the Grammys.
Taylor wins!

The Non-Scary Costumes
The Non-Scary Costumes
The clown is goofy and colorful.
Football players have muscles and run fast.
Super heroes help people.
Lions are tough and fierce.
I don't want to be a princess.
You can carve a pumpkin into a Jack-O-Lantern.
Frankenstein walks weird.
The dog is ready for Halloween.
The firefighter rescues people.

THINGS I LIKE.
I like to watch movies like...
Ghost Busters...
...and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
I also like dogs.
And music in my...
...bedroom.

I Can Read!
I thought I would never read.
But after I learned a few letter sounds, like...
"A" as in apple.
"I" as in itch.
"O" as in octopus.
"U "as in up.
"B" as in bat.
"D" as in dog.
And "G" as in game.
I CAN READ!!
The dog digs.
The bug is red.
The cat is in the bag.
So now I can read.
And read.
And read,
every where I go.
The more I read, the better I am able to read.
The better I can read, the more I read!
Funny how that works, huh?

Black & Yellow
Black & Yellow
BLACK
YELLOW
BLACK
YELLOW
BLACK
YELLOW
BLACK
YELLOW
BLACK
YELLOW
BLACK
YELLOW
THE END

J-E-N-N-A
J is for JENNA
E is in JENNA's name.
N is in JENNA's name.
Another N is in JENNA's name.
A is in JENNA's name.
JENNA likes her necklace.
J is for JENNA.
JENNA likes chocolate milk.

Tomato versus Potato
One kitchen day, a tomato was sitting like a fruit or veggie.
Then a potato appears.
"Do you want Tomato Soup or Mashed Potatoes today?" One of the parents in the kitchen said.
Dramatic silence.
"One of us has got to go" says the Tomato..
TOMATO VERSUS POTATO!
Round 1: Mind Battle
What is 2 + 2?
2 + 2 = what?
The answer is 4! Potato wins!
Round 2: Jokes
JOKES
Why did the chicken REALLY cross the road? No one knows..
Knock Knock, who's there? Me, me who? Aren't you a Potato, now Open the door!
Potato Wins the second Round!
Third and Final Round: Orange
Oranges? What Oranges?
Who are you?? Who is this orange?
Knock Knock. Who's there? KNIVES!!! Knives who? Not "Knives?" KNIVES! LOOK!
Potato sees no knives, do you see knives?
THE END

Fish by Nathan
This is a fish that is yellow.
This is a fish with a red eye.
These are fish that are orange and green.
There are lots of fish that are red and small.
This is jelly fish.  It is swimming in water.
There are lots of blue fish that are swimming.
This is a type of sting ray; it is swimming in water.
This is a sea horse. He is standing and I think he is nice.

Brrr..It's Cold!
Brrr...It's Cold!
I need my coat.
I need my hat.
Brrr...it's cold!
I need my mittens.
I need my scarf.
Brrr...it's cold!
I need my boots.
I'm dressed to go outside!
Brrr...it's cold!

BOYS
Boys
I see a boy on a bike.
I see a boy on a couch.
I see a boy at the beach.
I see a boy on a Horse.
I see a boy in the water.
I see a boy with a dog.
Boys!

hygiene
Brushing your teeth cleans your mouth.
Showering daily keeps you smelling nice.
Wash your hands when they are dirty.
Deodorant stops perspiration and odors.
Washing your clothes helps hygiene.

The White Ghost Horse
Once there was a horse.
He looked quiet, but...
...he was mean and huge.
No one could tame him. He was wild...
...and mean...
...and tall.
Until one day, someone tamed him.
He became nice to people.
He became playful.
Now he is ready for people to ride him.

Big Game
Deer are big game.
Deer are boys or girls.
These are boy deer.
Deer are cool.
This is a girl deer.
All deer are cool.
Look at it.
A big deer.
People shoot deer.
People kill deer.
People hurt
deer.
Deer are fast.
Deer are animals.

Counting from 1-10
I see one rose.
I see two bunnies.
I see three vases.
I see a four-leaf clover.
I see five flowers.
I see six airplanes.
I see seven chocolates.
I see eight coins.
I see nine ghosts.
I see ten candles.

When and How to Wash My Hands
When and How to Wash My Hands
This is a hand.
Everyone has hands!
Sometimes hands get dirty. When my hands get dirty, I need to wash them.
It is time to wash my hands when....
they have dirt on them, or...
they are messy, or...
after I go to the bathroom, or...
before I eat food!
When I am ready to wash my hands, I go to a sink.
Then, I get my hands wet.
I squirt soap into my hand and I rub my hands together.
I also rub between my fingers and the back of my hands.
Next, I rinse off all the soap and turn off the water.
I get a towel and dry my hands. I put my towel in the garbage.
I am done washing my hands. Hooray for clean hands!!!

hygiene
We brush our teeth to keep them white.
We take showers so we don't get smelly.
We clean our finger nails to remove dirt.
We wash our hair so we don't get head lice.
We wash our clothes so they are clean.

Hygiene
We wash our hair to prevent head lice.
We brush our teeth to keep them clean.
We cut our nails to make them look clean.
lf you dont have a shower, you can get smelly.

Being Clean
It is important to brush your hair or else it will get knotty.
It's important to wash your hair to keep it clean with no nits.
Wash your hands to keep them clean from germs.
Brush your teeth so that your teeth won't fall out.

Jacob Before School
I wake up in the morning.
Then I eat breakfast.
Then I get dressed.
I pack my book bag.
Nathan and I walk to school.
Then I have fun at school.
JACOB ROCKS!!!

I like Tom & Jerry by Will
My favorite cartoon is Tom & Jerry.
Tom is always chasing Jerry.
Jerry is really cute.
Sometimes Jerry annoys Tom.
Even when Tom is trying to sleep.
Sometimes Tom annoys Jerry.
Even when Jerry is trying to eat.
Sometimes Tom & Jerry are best friends.
Thanks for reading my book, by William.

All About Bow Wow
Bow Wow is a nice guy.
Bow Wow is a role model for boys and girls.
Bow Wow likes to play basketball.
He acts in movies like Lottery Ticket and Like Mike.
Bow Wow wears tight clothes.
Bow Wow is a good actor on television.
When Bow Wow started, he was one of the youngest rappers ever.
This is a nice picture of Bow Wow in some clothes.
Bow Wow does charity work in the community.
That is all you need to know about my favorite rapper Bow Wow.

Counting to Ten
I see one super hero.
I see two birds.
I see three flowers.
I see four glasses.
I see five flowers.
I see six planes.
I see seven mushrooms.
I see eight ballerina's.
I see nine peppers.
I see ten candles.

Rocks & Minerals
The rock is black.
These rocks are pretty.
They have a waterfall.
These rocks are red and gray.
These are smooth rocks.
These rocks are all pretty.
This rock looks like an alligator and a dinosaur.
The rocks are good.
I think these rocks are shaped like a dolphin and a walrus.
This rock looks like a dog.
It looks like an animal with eyes.
They have rocks.
It is pretty.
It is colorful.
It is blue.
It is green.
This is a pattern.
It is red.
It is blue and orange.
I like purple.

Families
There are many types of families.
This is a colorful family.
This is a tired family.
This is a funny family.
I have my own family.
This is my mother.
These are my sisters.
This is my grandmother.
We love to do things together.
We take care of our dog.
We dress up.
I love my family.

JOJO
Joseph likes to look at magazines.
Joseph loves to eat.
Sometimes, Joseph gets upset.
But, he is a good friend.

Counting from 1-10
I see one rose.
I see two birds.
I see three flowers.
I see four trees.
I see five birds.
I see six planes.
I see seven marbles.
I see eight coins.
I see nine peppers.
I see ten candles.

Movies
This is where you go to see the movies.
I'm Peter Pan, I fly to Wendy's house to see her.
I'm Looking for my Prince but I just can't find him.
Meeko, I wonder who is here and why he would be here.
I just fell in love with Prince Eric and I was singing to him.
Rifik is trying to teach me how to be a king just like my father was before he died.
Lady, look, we got some more puppies and their friends too.
Hercules. That's me. I'm so strong I fight villains.
We're dancing in the jungle and singing.
"It's me, Aladdin. I'm taking princess Jasmine on a carpet ride."
I'm Casper the friendly ghost. I fly all the around the place.
Sleeping Beauty is here guys, we need to talk to her. HELP!!!
I turned into a lovely princess. I can go to the ball now.
Vanessa is teaching me how to dance.
"Say your prayers, Hook." It's me, PETER PAN.
"Hi! I'm Bambi." "Hi Bambi, I'm Thumper. Nice to meet you."
Dumbo has big ears so he can fly with them.
Every time I lie my nose grows.
This is the nanny. I'm Mary Poppins.
Robin Hood is saving his home to live in.

Baking Muffins
We are going to bake muffins.
We need eggs.
We need oil.
We need milk.
We stir it all together.
We put the batter in the muffin pan.
We put them in the oven to bake.
MUFFINS!

Fifth Grade Camp
On Monday I rode on the school bus with my Dad, Mrs. Vaughn, and the other fifth graders to Adventure Camp.
We rode down a bumpy road. The kids were excited about going to camp.
We finally got there! Yay!
We stayed in the Smart Weed cabin.
I put up my suitcase and sleeping bag.
I picked the top bunk. My Dad picked the bottom bunk.
After lunch we hiked to Lindberg Lake to go canoeing. That was fun!
I also went fishing. That was not so fun.
I had fun the next day. We hiked through the forest.
The forest trail was bumpy.
Then we went to the Challenge course. We worked as a team!
I tried a little archery. It wasn't my favorite!
We had a campfire on Tuesday night.
We toasted marshmallows.
We made yummy smores!
On the last morning we went on another hike!
We cleaned up our cabin.
Then it was time to head home on the bus.
I'm so glad I went to Adventure Camp. I had a great time!

Football
Football is a fall sport.
All the  people cheer for their team.
I really like half time.

Yum Yum Yum, colors and fruits
The Apple is RED.
The Lime is GREEN.
The Banana is YELLOW.
The Grapes are PURPLE.
The Orange is ORANGE.
The Berries are BLUE.

What time is it now?
What time is it now?
It is 8 O'clock in the morning!
It is time to go to school.
What time is it now?
It is 12 O'clock in the afternoon!
It is time to eat lunch!
What time is it now?
It is 3 O'clock. It is time to go home! Yeah!!
What time is it now?
It is 6 O'clock in the afternoon.
It is time to eat dinner with family!
What time is it now?
It is 9 O'clock.
It is time to go to bed.
Good Night!!!

How Many
One rose.
Two tigers.
Three leopards.
Four seasons.
Five birds.
Six trains.
Seven chocolates.
Eight dogs.

SHARKS
Our Book About Sharks.
There are over 440 different kinds of sharks.
Sharks are found in all the oceans of the world.
Sharks are predators and are on the top of the underwater food chain.
Being on top means you can eat anything you want.
Really. Anything you want.
Sometimes a small boat makes a good afteroon snack.
Oh my! Don't look behind you, dude!
Sharks usually don't like to eat people. We are not their normal food.
Sharks love sea food better.
Sharks need sharp teeth to survive.
Some sharks lose 30,000 teeth in their whole lifetime and get all new ones.
Sharks breath through their gills. Some sharks must keep moving all the time to stay alive.
Sharks are cool creatures.
We need to keep our oceans clean to help them survive. The End.

All About Blue Whales
All About Blue Whales
Blue whales are blue/gray in color and have white spots.
Blue whales are very big.
Blue whales are bigger than the biggest dinosaur.
Blue whales live in every ocean.
Blue whales eat small fish and shrimp.
Blue whales are very fast swimmers.
Blue whales live 35-40 years.
Only 11,000 blue whales are still alive.
Blue whales are really cool!

The Pledge of Allegiance
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America,
and to the republic for which it stands,
one nation under God,
indivisible,
with liberty and justice for all.

The Elements of Art
SHAPE is an enclosed space.
FORM is a three dimensional object and can hold volume.
LINE is the continuous mark made on a surface.
COLOR includes hue, intensity and value.
TEXTURE is the surface quality of an object.
SPACE is the distance between, around or above all other things.
VALUE describes the lightness or darkness of color.

Colors
What colors do you see?
Do you know what color the circle is? The circle is red.
Do you know what color the cat is? The cat is black and white.
What color is the bird? The bird is pink.
Do you know what color the dog is? The dog is brown.
Do you know what color the fish are? One fish is green and one fish is orange.
Do you know what color the sky is? The sky is blue.
What color is the car? The car is yellow.
What color is the flower? The flower is purple.
What color is the cloud? The cloud is gray.
Look at all the pretty colors.

What I Like
I like pizza.
I love college football. My favorite team is the Gators. My other team is Miami. I do not like Florida State.
I like playing with my dog.
I like hanging with my home boys.
I love baking cakes.
I like to play basketball.
I like to get on the computer.
I like Lil Wayne music.
I like math.
I love mom.

Let's Make a Blizzard
...
It is very hot.
I need to cool down.
Let's make a blizzard.
First we need two cups of ice cream.
I like ice cream.
Next we need milk.
Put in a candy bar and mix.
Pour in a cup.
Put in the freezer.
We can drink it after lunch.

Itsey bitsey spider
Incy-Wincy Spider, climbing up the spout
Down came the rain and washed the spider out.
Out came the sun and dried up all the rain and the Incy-Wincy Spider climbing up again.
Got Him!

Basket Ball
Here is the basketball net.
You get two points for getting the ball through the rim.
Long shots are harder to get in.
What this guy is doing is called a slam dunk.
You have to dribble the ball by pushing the ball down at the ground. You can pass or shoot when you stop.
The rules are no hitting or shoving or the other team gets a penalty shot. The End

UPS TRUCKS
UPS trucks drive to my house.
UPS trucks are brown.
UPS are moving packages.
UPS is good.
UPS travels five days to the big warehouse.
BY CD

The "ug" Family
This is a bug.
This is a hug.
This is a jug.
This is a mug.
This is a pug.
This is a rug.
This is a tug.
This is a slug.
This is a plug.
This is a shrug.

White Fang:Chapter 2 Life in The Winter
At first three wolves went off with the she-wolf.
The wolves that One Eye fought both died.
One Eye heard his five wolf cubs crying.
The she-wolf dug a hole to have her babies in.
One Eye died trying to get food for the she-wolf and her cubs.
Four of the baby cubs died because there was not any food for them. There was only one living cub who was smart like his dad.
The she-wolf knew her gray cub would be able to take care of himself.

Funny Faces
These are funny faces.
Try not to laugh at any of these pictures.
"I want more."
"I am scared, protect me."
"WOW! That's really what I look like?"
"I might barf, for real, don't look."
"Hey, look, brace face."
"I look like a nerdy hillbilly."
Mom was right. I do have a big head and a loud mouth.
I need that book.
Seriously? Support our poops?
Laughter is the best medicine.
For real, I have anger issues.
No cats here. Just a chicken with ears.
Sumo hockey, take out "ouch".
That's funny.
Mrs. Piggy is sleeping.
Salior cat.
It's nanny cat.
I found gold. The End

Bake A Cake
Bake A Cake
You need a big bowl, spoon, and a cake pan.
You need cake mix, eggs, butter, and milk.
First, dump the cake mix into the bowl.
Next, break the eggs and stir them in. Leave the shells out!
Next, stir in the butter and milk.
Pour the cake batter in the cake pan.
Bake at 350 for [up to] 1 hour.
After it cools, decorate the cake with icing and candles.
Eat it! yummy!
The End!

The Pursuit of Happiness
The Pursuit of Happpiness
I like playing the drums.
I like to fingerpaint.
Seeing myself in the mirror makes me happy.
I like to play the piano.
I like to listen to the radio.
Hearing stories makes me happy.
Swinging makes me happy.
The End!

Willie the Wanderer
Willie wandered to a Reds game.
Willie wandered to a Bengals game.
Willie wandered to Gold Star Chili.
Willie wandered away from downtown.
Willie wandered home.
Willie's mind wandered as he slept.
The End!

Looms And Weaving
Looms
Looms weave threads together.
Threads of many colors can be used.
They create patterns and colors.
You can weave many things.
Looms are used to weave fabric.
Looms are used to weave scarves.
Looms are used to weave baskets.
Looms are used to weave rugs.
You can create many beautiful things on a loom.

The Alphabet
A was an Angler,
went out in a fog,
who fished all day and caught only a frog.
B was cook Betty,
she's baking a pie,
with ten or twelve apples all piled up high.
C was Custard cast in a glass dish,
and has in it cinnamon, as much as you wish.
D was fat Dan,
who did nothing but eat,
he would leave his seat for a nice piece of meat.
E is an Egg,
in a basket with more,
which Peggy will sell for a dollar a score.
F is a Fiddler, very fine I declare,
he makes pretty music with catgut and hair.
G was a Greyhound as fast as the wind;
in the race or the course left all others behind.
H was a Heron who lived near a pond,
of gobbling up fish he was wondrously fond.
I was the Ice
on which Billy would skate,
so up went his heels and down went his pate.
J was Joe Jenkins who played on the fiddle;
he began twenty tunes but left off in the middle.
K was a Kitten who jumped at a cork,
and learned to eat mice without a knife or a fork.
L is a Lark who sings us a song,
and wakes us up in case we sleep for to long.
M was Miss Molly who looked at her toes
and hung her head till her knees touched her noes.
N was a Nose sprinkled with dew,
pulled in the morning and given to you.
O was an Owl who looks marvelous and wise,
but he's watching a mouse with his large round eyes.
P is a Parrot with feathers of gold,
who talks just as much and no more than he's told.
Q is the Queen that governs England,
who sits on a throne very lofty and grand.
R is a Raven perched up in an oak,
and with a gruff voice cries croak, croak, croak.
S is a Stork with a very long bill,
Who swallows down fishes and frogs to his fill.
T is a Trumpeter blowing his horn,
who tells all the news as we rise in the morn.
U is a Unicorn who, as is said,
wears an ivory horn on top his forehead.
V is a Vulture who eats a great deal,
eating a dog or cat in one meal.
W was Watchman who guarded the street,
lest robbers or thieves the people should meet.
X was king Xerxes, who, if you don't know,
he reigned over Persia a great while ago.
Y is the Year that's passing away,
and still growing shorter every day.
Z is a Zebra whom you've heard of before;
so here ends my rhyme till I find you some more.

MY E BOOK
My E Book
I see an egg. Do you?
E
I see an eel. Do you?
E
I see an emu. Do you?
E
I see an ear. Do you?
E
I see an elbow. Do you?
E
I see an eagle. Do you?
E
I see an exit. Do you?
E
This is the end of my E book.

Elements and Compounds
Elements are the basic ingredients of matter.
All matter is made of elements.
Elements are pure.
Hydrogen is a pure element.
Elements are organized on a table called the Periodic Table of the Elements.
Elements are made of atoms. This is an atom of Hydrogen.
An atom is the smallest piece of an element.
This is an atom of Carbon.
This is an atom of Nitrogen.
This is an atom of Oxygen.
This is an atom of Phosphorus.
The center of an atom is called the nucleus.
Particles called electrons are around the nucleus.
Atoms can combine to make molecules.
Molecules are also matter.
The human body is made of lots of atoms, elements, and molecules.
Elements are very important.

Community Signs
Stop
Stop
Stop
Stop
Walk
Walk
Walk
Go!
Go!

The Happy Pumpkin
The pumpkin was waiting to be picked and brought to a good home.
A little girl picked the pumpkin because she said he was the best pumpkin at the pumpkin patch!
The pumpkin didn't want to be carved into a scary pumpkin.
He didn't want to have a picture on him.
He wanted to be carved into a happy pumpkin...
so that all the kids that went trick or treating would smile at him when they came by.

Going to School
In the morning I go to school.
We do our work.
Computer time is fun.
At recess I play on the slide.
I like to be with my friends.
At the end of the day I go home.

Babies!!!
Babies....
come in
all shapes
and sizes!!

The Letter A
A is for apple.
A is for acorn.
A is for axe.
A is for ant.

The Farm
This is the farmer.
The farmer has a tractor.
The farmer has a cornfield.
The farmer has a barn.
The farmer has pigs.
The farmer has a cow.
The farmer has a duck.
The farmer has a chicken.
The farmer works hard for his farm.

Balloons
Balloons are pretty.
Balloons have colors.
Balloons have pictures.
Balloons are light.
People can ride on balloons.
People can decorate with balloons.
Balloons fly high.
Balloons fly low.

Matter
Matter
Anything that takes up space is matter.
This is matter.
This is matter.
Rocks are matter.
Mushrooms are matter.
Tigers are matter.
Wood is matter.
Air is matter.
Metal is matter.
Water is matter.
Matter is made of elements.
Elements are organized into a chart called the Periodic Table of the Elements.
Elements are pure and cannot be broken down into anything else.
Carbon is an element.
Elements can be put together to make matter.
Oxygen is an element.
Nitrogen is an element.
Hydrogen is an element.
Elements make up all matter.

Things Wyeth Likes
I like Legos.
I like ice cream.
I like stuffed animals.
I like Halloween.
I like to play soccer.

The   food
This is a tiger eating something.
These are cupcakes.
These are colorful m&ms.
This is my favorite fruit.
This is my favorite vegetable.
I drink tons of milk.
This is a Rubik's cube made out of candy.

E is for Education Service Center Region XIII
A is for all can learn.
B is for bus.
C is for collaboration.
D is for diploma.
E is for encourage.
F is for friendship.
G is for growth.
H is for history.
I is for internet.
J is for jobs.
K is for knowledge.
L is for learning.
M is for math.
N is for notes.
O is for opportunity.
P is for physical.
Q is for quality.
R is for rigor.
S is for science.
T is for teacher.
U is for universal design.
V is for vision.
W is for writing.
X is for Region XIII.
Y is for you.
Z is for zoology.

The  sports
This is a baseball field.
This is people playing soccer.
This is a man snowboarding.
This is a bike trick.
This is a guy falling off his skateboard.
This is a basketball court.
This is a baseball field.
This is a runner.

The horses
The horse is running on the beach.
Horses riding in the city.
This is a white horse.
The horse is in the water.
This horse is jumping.
This horse is sinking.

Alex's Walk Book (High Contrast)
On my walk there is a tree.
I touch the bark of the tree.
We pick a leaf that I can touch.
This tree has pine cones. They feel sharp.
We pick a flower that I can touch and smell.
Next to the sidewalk there is grass.
A handful of dirt feels gritty.

Loons
I like loons.
Loons are black and white.
The loon is a bird.
Lou eeee lou lou lou.
Loons sound nice.
Loons live in Minnesota.
Our state bird is a loon.

Our Weather (Version 2)
Our Weather (version 2)
Let's talk about the weather.
When is it going to cool down?
I like snow.
Summer is hot and stormy.
Do you like thunder and lightning?
Tornadoes are spinning winds that go very fast.
Hurricanes can ruin cars and houses.
Earthquakes happen all the time in California, but not in Arizona.
In Arizona we have storms called monsoons.
It is very windy and it can ruin houses, too.
I feel scared of floods.
Wanna hear something funny?
Michael likes to drink his blizzard.

The Fair
All at once, the fair appeared.
There are many rides at the fair.
The fair is very noisy.
Pigs, cows and ponies are animals at the fair.

At the Park
At the Park
We can swing at the park.
We can slide at the park.
We can play baseball at the park.
We can ride a merry go round at the park
We can run at the park.
What do you do at the park?

fair
Fort Bragg will have a fair in October.
There are always Ferris Wheels at the fair.
I would like to ride in a go-cart at the fair.
There are always fun foods at the fair.

The Sun
The Sun
The sun is round.
The sun gives off rays of light.
The sun is bright.
The sun is warm.
Warm colors of the sun. Red, orange and yellow.
The sun gives life to our planet.
THE END

Things I Like By Katie
I like chocolate chip cookies.
I like picking apples.
I like birthday parties.
I like babies.
I like the color purple.

The Great Frederick Fair
The Great Frederick Fair
We will ride the bus to the fair.
We will see cows.
We will see pigs.
We will see pies and cakes.
We will see horses.
We will see many different kinds of chickens.
We will see farm equipment.
I will be a hero at the fair.

Fishing
He can go fishing at night.
He can go fishing in the river.
They can go fishing at the beach.
They can go fishing in the boat.
They can catch a big fish.
He can catch a bigger fish.
They can catch the biggest fish. Let's eat!

The Constitution
The Constitution is the laws and rules of America.
James Madison wrote the Constitution.
The Constitution was written in Philadelphia,Pennsylvania.
The first president was George Washington.
The White House is the home of the president.

I am Happy
I am a happy boy.
I like to help my Mom cook.
I love my Mom. My Mom loves me.
I like to play baseball.
After the baseball game, I play at home.
Now you know why I am so happy.

A Walk with Signs
We saw a...
caution sign,
no parking sign,
do not enter sign,
a handicap parking sign
and a stop sign.

Calm at School
Sometimes school is fun.
Feeling calm in class helps me learn.
If I need help to stay calm, my teacher can help me. My teacher may help me learn ways to stay comfortable.
Staying calm in class will help me understand the teacher.
I will try to work with my teacher to learn to stay calm in class.

Feelings and Emotions
My Book of Emotions
I feel happy when I am doing something I like, such as spending time with my family or swimming.
I feel bored when it is raining outside.
I feel curious when I want to know what is going to happen next.
I feel joy when I am with my family!
I feel sad when I don't feel good.
I feel mad when people don't take the time to listen to me!
I feel scared when I have a lot of anxiety about school.
I feel lonely when everyone deserts me at the lunch table.
I feel surprised when I get something I have always wanted!
I feel tired when I am watching a movie.
I feel loved when my Mom hugs me!
I feel confused when I don't know what will happen next.
I feel comfortable when I am sitting on the couch and reading a good book!
I feel relaxed when I am swimming!
I felt brave this summer at Camp Friendship when I worked with a partner to get to the top of the "X" Climb outside!
I feel passionate when I am working with kids at school!
I feel secure when I am at home in my house with my family!
I feel sick when I have a headache!
Emotions and feelings are everywhere all the time!
Don't be afraid to let your feelings show!

The football book
I see a football.
I saw the football players on the football field.
We sing the national anthem.
I love the football helmet.
They kicked a field goal.
The fans cheer for the team.
The cheerleaders cheer for the team.
The fans are eating popcorn and drinking soda.
I like to eat nachos at the football game.
I won the trophy.
The diamondbacks are the mascot.
I like to listen to the band.

Friends
FRIENDS
I have friends at school.
I have friends at home.
My friends help me learn.
My friends help me line up.
Sometimes my friends are silly!
sometimes my freinds are serious.
My friends can make me laugh.
Some of my friends are not people.
I love my friends!

Fall Leaves
Leaves are colorful.
Laying on leaves is fun.
We love orange in the Fall!
Dogs love running in leaf piles.

Kangaroos by Kaya
The kangaroo mom had a baby named Joey.
He is looking at me because he is grumpy.
He is scratching his body because it was so itchy.
He is so tired because he woke up early in the middle of the night.
She is relaxing and hanging out with his baby.
They are fighting because one kangaroo stole the other's friend.

Choppers
He is riding a bike.
This chopper is cool.
That motorcycle has flames.
These choppers are from the old days.
This chopper is cool and I like the color.
He is standing right next to the chopper. It's his bike.
That chopper is big and low to the ground.
These are dirt bikes. They are jumping high.

Things I Do That Animals Do Too!
I run like
a horse.
I hop like
a rabbit.
I stretch like
a cat.
I walk like
a cat.
I eat like
a squirrel.
I jump like
a dog.
I sleep like
cats.
I swim like
a dog.
I can do a lot of things that animals can do too.

THE ST. BERNARDS BOOK
St. Bernard's have an amazing sense of direction.
St. Bernard's have a great sense of smell.
St. Bernards are sure-footed.
St. Bernards are humongously big and can be 170 pounds!
ST Bernard puppies can be trained as helpers and are so cute and cuddly.
St. Bernards can be used as rescuers.

Taking Turns
Sometimes when I am at school, I need to take turns.
Sometimes at school, my friends will get to answer first or kick a ball first or talk to the teacher first.
It's okay when this happens, because I will get my turn.
While I wait for my turn, I will stay calm. I will not get upset. I will not cry.
I will wait for my turn and be happy.
It is okay to be the last person to take a turn. Everyone is last sometime!

Alex Makes a Salad
Alex makes a salad.
I put in some lettuce.
I put in some carrots.
I put in some celery.
I put in some cucumbers.
I put in some onions.
I put in some tomatoes.
My salad is ready to eat. Yum.

Good Choices
I can make good choices.
I will make good choices at school.
I will make good choices at home.
I will choose to listen and follow directions.
I will be respectful to my teachers, family, and friends.
Good choices make my teachers, friends and family happpy.

Counting from 1 to 10
1 egg
2 rings
3 zebras
4 glasses
5 flowers
6 trains
7 people
8 coins
9 peppers
10 candles

My  bad  dream
I had a bad dream.
I got scared by a lion.
I'm trying to run away. But I fell and got hurt.
I got scared by a bear.
I'm trying to run away. But I fell and got hurt.
I got scared by a noisy clock.
I'm trying to run away. But I fell and got hurt.
I got scared by a flipping carousel.
I finally woke up. But...
I feel okay.

Good Manners
Saying "please" and "thank you" is good manners.
Brother Bear, Sister Bear and Papa Bear are eating. They are not using their manners.
The baby put his foot on the table. He should not do that.
This boy is picking his nose. That is no good!
She can slow down and eat her food politely.

My Birthday
Fruit salads are my favorite. They look delicious.
I use balloons for my birthday party.
We will eat yummy cupcakes.
I will be eleven years old.
Hot air balloon are my birthday gift from my mom.
Edward gives me this cool cell phone.
I could play a game with Mckenna.
I like to touch and feel this cute doll.

Bees
This is a bee.
Bees live in beehives.
They make honey.
They need to watch out for dragonflies.

What are they doing?
She is looking at us.
She is standing.
They are holding hands, in a circle, on the beach.
He is looking at the waves.
He is wearing a hat.
She is silly.
They are swimming in the water.
She is swinging.
They are playing jump rope.
The girls are blowing up balloons.
The brothers are playing together.
The boy is drinking.

Dolphins
Dolphins like to swim.
A dolphin is in the water.
Dolphins are cool.
Dolphins can do tricks.
These dolphins are not real.
Dolphins swim in the deep water.
Dolphins swim in groups called pods.
Dolphins like to jump.
Dolphins dive down in the water.
Dolphins can swim fast.
These Dolphins are cheerleaders, not real dolphins!
Thank you for reading our dolphin book.

Alex's Walk Book
On my walk there is a tree.
I touch the bark of the tree.
We pick a leaf that I can touch.
This tree has pine cones. They feel sharp.
We pick a flower that I can touch and smell.
Next to the sidewalk there is grass.
A handful of dirt feels gritty.

The Internet
The internet is a great place.
You can watch movies.
You can download some things.
The internet has many companies.
Google is an internet company.
Use Google to look up something.
You can visit social websites.
You can get in touch with others.
You can even go shopping.

Differences are great!
Even though people are the same in some ways, people are different in lots of ways, too.
Getting from place to place,
and always on the go,
people have different ways of moving.
People dress differently...
all around the world...
in parts of our own country...
our towns...
and even in our schools!
People speak differently, some with their faces...
some with their eyes...
and some speak with their hands.
Others speak with their bodies.
Still others speak through music.
What are these guys saying?
People listen differently.
Some people listen with their ears with no help.
WHAT? I CAN'T HEAR YOU!
Some people need the help of devices like hearing aids...
or personal FM systems which amplify sounds.
Some people don't listen.
Some bunnies don't either.
Oh! I hear you loud and clear now!
People learn differently.
Some learn by doing.
Others like to read to learn.
And still others need to sit at a desk in a classroom to learn.
How is this person learning?
Some people need a quiet space.
Some people take a long time to grow.
Others grow very quickly.
Some people move slowly, taking their time, like a turtle.
Others move very fast, like a cheetah.
Either way, we all get to our destinations.
It is important to respect the differences between people.
That way, people can come together for a common goal...
and work together for the benefit of everyone.
So if you have a friend who is a little bit different, celebrate it with...
fun times...
laughter...
quiet times...
and cooperation.
No matter how we move...
or speak...
or look, we must all treat each other with respect.

We Love Animals
My grandma loves cats.
My mom got a new dog.
These animals look so silly.
What are you dreaming, sleepy bear?
Come here and play with me, dog.
This duck can fly and kick.
I love to ride horses!
Lions are meat-eaters and they are endangered.

Asking for a Break from PE
When I think I cannot do well in PE...
I get out of sorts!
I get my back up because I am scared and unsure.
I will want to yell and swear!!!
Instead I will go for a walk,
put my head down,
get a drink,
or go to my break spot.
It is okay to be mad as long as I stay safe!

What I Learned About Football.
What I Learned About Football
Who was the first football player to be paid?
William Heffelfinger was the first football player to be paid.
What has changed a lot in football since 1869?
The rules have changed a lot in football since 1869.
When was the first football game between two colleges?
The first football game between two colleges was in 1869.
Where did the game for which William Heffelfinger was paid take place?
William Heffelfinger was paid to play a game in Pennsylvania.
Why did the Allegheny pay William Heffelfinger to play?
Allegheny paid William Heffelfinger to play so that they would win.
How much was William Heffelfinger paid to play?
William Heffelfinger was paid $500 to play.
What was a touchdown worth in 1869?
In 1869, a touchdown was worth 1 point.
Where did William Heffelfinger play before playing for the Allegheny?
William Heffelfinger played for Chicago, before playing for Allegheny.
When was a touchdown worth 4 points?
In 1892, a touchdown was worth 4 points.

Homework
Homework is no fun.
There is a lot of reading.
It makes you sleepy.
You can't walk the dog when you have homework.
You can't go outside.
You just want to hang out with your friends.
Thank goodness your homework is done!

The Hockey Game
Get ready for the hockey game.
Get your pads.
Get your skates.
Get your helmet.
Get your hockey stick.
You could win the Stanley Cup!

CHICAGO IS BEAUTIFUL
Chicago is a beautiful city.
Chicago has a beautiful skyline.
It is even beautiful when it is cloudy outside.
It is even beautiful when it storms.
It is really beautiful at night.
There are many beautiful sculptures.
My favorite is The Bean.
Navy Pier has lots of fun things to do.
Chicago is beautiful.

Aesha's N Book
N is for nut.
N is for number.
N is for necklace.
N is for nickel.
N is for nap.
N is for newspaper.
N is for nurse.

What is Pizza made of?
What is Pizza made of?
Pizza is made of cheese!
Pizza is made of tomatoes!
Pizza is made of bread!
Pizza is made of Pepperoni?
No, I don't like Pepperoni.
Pizza is made of lots of things!
Pizza is my favorite food.

Why North Carolina?
North Carolina is where I live.
Many people come here to live. Why?
North Carolina has a very varied climate.
There are the mountains in the West, with chilly peaks.
There is the coast in the East, with warm, sandy beaches.
The places in between are varied, with different temperatures.
This makes it a popular place to live.
We have a little of everything!

Red Bull
Red Bull is an energy drink.
Red Bull gives you lots of energy.
Red Bull helps you stay awake.
Even cats like Red Bull.
But cats can't fly Red Bull planes.

Who Uses Computers?
Men use computers.
Women use computers, too.
Teddy bears use computers.
Lego men use computers too.
Eggs don't use computers.
But stormtroopers use computers.
Cats use computers.
Some cats use computers as chairs.

Rhyme!
I like jelly.
I like it in my belly.
I like candy.
I don't like my candy sandy.
I like my shoe.
I don't like my shoe in poo.
I like my clock.
But, I wouldn't take it to the dock.

Basketball!
I like to play basketball.
I play with my friend.
Or I play by myself.
I can play outside.
Basketball is a team sport.
Watch the ball go into the hoop.
Basketball is fun!

Family Guy
In Family Guy, there are...
Human-sized, evil chickens.
Killer monkeys in closets.
And crazy babies with guns.
But also in Family Guy, there are...
Weird, but polite, old people.
Peace-making monkeys.
And happy babies with soda.
Bye!

I Love Basketball
Playing basketball is fun.
Playing basketball, you run.
Playing basketball, you stride.
Playing basketball, you glide.
I love basketball.

Fun at the Beach
This summer we went to the beach.
We had a lot of fun!
This is the Sandcastle we built.
This is the starfish we caught.
This is the boat we sailed.
This is the sunset we saw.
This is my brother taking lots of pictures.
He really shouldn't smoke.
This is the beach at night.
I always love the beach!

Baking Cookies
Today, we are baking cookies.
We mix the ingredients.
We roll the dough.
We cut the dough.
We lay out the cookies.
We put them in the oven.
My sister likes to lick the bowl.
After that, we have yummy cookies.
They taste great with Milk!

Rainbow
Rainbowa have seven colors.
There is red.
The bus is red.
There is orange.
The sunset is orange.
There is yellow.
The sunflowers are yellow.
There is green.
The grass is green.
There is blue.
The sky and the ocean are blue.
There is indigo.
The flower is indigo.
There is purple.
The heart is purple.
Rainbows have seven colors

When you go on a date
When you like someone, you might go on a date.
When you go on a date, the boy might drive his car.
When you go on a date, you might get drinks.
When you go on a date, you might go to dinner.
When you go on a date, you might ride a ferris wheel.
When you go on a date, you might watch a sports game.
When you go on a date, you might see a movie.
When you go on a date, you might go dancing.
If the date goes well, you might kiss goodnight.
After you go on many dates, you might get married.

Coming Home From School
Jamie is walking back from the school.
He sees a big pile of cash.
He wants to buy shoes.
He wants to buy shirts.
He wants to buy diamonds.
He wants to buy a fast car.
He wants to buy a fast boat.
He wants to buy a fast airplane.
He wants to buy a big house.
He wants to buy a big island.
He wants to buy a country.
But Jamie is a good child.
He gives the money to the police.
His parents are happy when they hear this.
So they buy Jamie a Happy Meal.

Gossip Girl on Blair
Gossip Girl lives in New York city.
Blair is one of the main girls on Gossip Girl.
Blair likes a boy named Nate at first.
Blair does not like Nate anymore.
Blair saw a hot boy beside Nate today.
Now Blair likes the hot boy.
The hot boy does not like Blair at all.
Who will Blair like next on Gossip Girl?

Soda
Soda is awesome.
Coca-Cola is awesome.
Dr. Pepper is awesome.
Mountain Dew is awesome.
Mountain Dew Code Red is awesome.
Sierra Mist is awesome.
Root Beer is awesome.
Soda is awesome.

Steve Smith
Steve Smith
Steve starts game.
Steve is ready.
Steve is mad.
Steve runs.
Steve is tired.
Steve comes back!

Jack
This is Jack.
Everyone hates Jack.
Jack is sad.
A friend invites Jack to hang out.
Jack waits.
Jack waits for three years.
Jack realizes he got stood up.
Jack plans revenge.
Jack invites his friend over.
His friend is now missing.

Mia and her new House
This is Mia the mouse!
Mia is so glad that she lives in an old, yellow house.
Now she moved into this house with her new family.
Mia should eat the leftover dinner that her family has prepared.
Mia has her own new room.
Her very own bedroom of course!
Mia found a surprise in a secret room. It's Scary the Spider.
Mia loves the flowers in her family's new garden.
And Mia would say goodbye to her old house. Goodbye to you, too!

Happy Halloween!
Halloween is the best holiday!
You go trick-or-treating on Halloween.
You get a lot of candy from trick-or-treating.
Houses are decorated for Halloween.
Everyone wears a costume on Halloween.
Dogs wear costumes too!
We visit a pumpkin patch before Halloween.
Some of our pumpkins get painted.
We carve cool jack-o-laterns.
Happy Halloween!

Haley's Car
Haley has a black car. It is a Honda.
Today, Haley puts the key in her car. The car will not turn on.
Haley's car is broken. On no!
But, Haley gets a different car.
This car is red. It is a VW bug.
Devin got to ride in the red VW bug. It was fun.
Devin will see Haley's black car later.

Devin, what did you do at school today?
Devin, what did you do at school today?
I went to my classroom.
I sat with kids.
What else did you do at school?
I did some work.
I played outside.
Hmm, did you do anything else at school?
Yes! I ate lunch.
I drank coffee.
Wait! That's silly! Kids don't drink coffee. Did you really drink coffee?
Yes! And... I drove the school bus!
Oh, Devin! That's silly...
The end.

Lady Gaga Silly Clothes
Lady Gaga has silly hair.
Lady Gaga has a silly dress.
Lady Gaga has silly shoes.
Lady Gaga has silly hair.
Lady Gaga has a silly dress.
Lady Gaga has silly shoes.
Lady Gaga has silly hair.
Lady Gaga has a silly dress.
Lady Gaga has silly shoes.
Lady Gaga - silly clothes!

Bug Eye News
We're on the road to nowhere.
There is no place left to hide.
The view can be spectacular.
If you just follow me
to greener pasture land.
A hitchhiker's favorite dream.

Picky Eater
I am a picky eater.
I don't like cheese.
I don't like bananas.
I don't like potatoes.
I don't like broccoli.
I don't like meat loaf.
I don't like eggs.
I don't like oatmeal.
But I love ice cream!

Tom's Vacation
This is Tom.
Tom is going on vacation.
Tom takes a taxi to the airport.
Tom gets on a plane.
The plane crashes.
Tom is lost in the desert.
A sandstorm comes.
Tom had a bad vacation.

Erin Hits Her Head
There once was a girl named Erin.
Erin was on the track team at school.
Erin fell while she was running.
Erin landed on her head.
Erin's head hurt really bad.
Erin had to go to the hospital.
The doctors looked inside Erin's head.
The doctors told Erin she had hurt her brain.
Erin never ran track again.

I Like to Swim
Swim
Swim. Swim. Swim
Splash in the water.
Swim. Swim. Swim
Jump in the water.
Swim. Swim. Swim
Flip into the ocean.
Swim. Swim. Swim.
Dive in the lake.
Swim. Swim. Swim.
Play in the ocean.
I like to swim.

Geography Themes
Gergraphy is the study of the earth.
Our school's name is Indian Queen Elementary.
Indian Queen Elementary is located in Fort Washington, Maryland.
Maryland is in the east part of the USA and is a Mid Atlantic State.
In Maryland clothes get moved to stores by trucks.
In Maryland many people move ideas through the internet.

Isaiah Goes to Six Flags
Isaiah Goes to Six Flags By Isaiah M.
At Six Flags, I like the big roller coaster.
I like to eat cotton candy.
I like to eat hot dogs with chili and cheese.
When I go to Six Flags, I play the Toy Story 3 game.
I want to buy that Buzz. I want to buy that Woody.
When I am at Six Flags I use the restroom.
When I am done with the restroom, I wash my hands. The End.

I Like Myself
I like my hands.
I like my arms.
I like my hair.
I like my height.
I like my hair.
I like my smile.
I like my walk.

Boys and Girls are Friends!
Boys and girls are friends.
Boys play.
Girls play.
Boys and girls are friends.
Boys dance.
Girls dance.
Boys and girls are friends.
Boys eat.
Girls eat.
Boys and girls are friends.

I Like Fish
I Like Fish.
I like yellow fish.
I like blue fish.
I like red fish.
I like small fish.
I like big fish.
I like to fish.
I like to eat fish.
Do you like fish?

The Wedding
Once upon a time, Stacy and Spiderman rode a dragon.
Spiderman gave Stacy a big, shiny, diamond ring.
Spiderman said, "Will you be my bride?"
"Yes!" yelled Stacy.
Stacy and Spiderman got married in a castle.
The king wore his crown to the wedding.
The end.

I Go Outside
I Go Outside
I go outside and what do I see? I see a tree as green as can be.
I go outside and what do I see? I see swings for you and me.
I go outside and what do I see? I see a garden with flowers and peas.
I go outside and what do I see. I see a bird high above me?
I go outside and what do I see? I see a kite flying in the brezze.
I go outside and what do I see? I see flowers 1, 2, 3.
I go outside and what do I see? I see a bug, I think it's a bee.
I go outside and what do I see? I see grass with toes and knees.
I go outside and what do I see? I see the sky as blue as can be.
I go outside and what do I see? I see a rainbow. What do you see?

Red
The heart is red.
The car is red.
The shoes are red.
Santa Claus is red.
The umbrella is red.
The hood is red.
The flower is red.
The hot chili peppers are red.
The sunset is red.

Trucks by Joseph
This truck is  waiting to go somewhere.
This truck is driving on the highway.
This truck is old. It won't go very fast.
This truck is driving away from the station.
This truck is driving through the clouds.

All about me
All about me.
My name is Tyler.
I live in my house.
I live with my mom.
I like to play with trucks.
I like to eat chicken sandwiches.
I like to swim.

White Fang: Chapter 1
Bill and Henry heard the cry of a wolf.
Bill and Henry were afraid of the wolf pack.
The dogs were afraid of the wolves.
The wolf pack wanted to eat the dogs.
When Bill went to find the dogs the wolves got him too.
The leader of the wolf pack was a she-wolf.
Henry was saved from the wolves by three men on a sled.
The she-wolf was angry because it was hard to find food in the winter.
Another name for this chapter would be danger in the woods.
This chapter is about a hungry wolf pack.

Chris's Alphabet
This is Chris's Alphabet
apple
bucket
cat
dog
egg
fish
girl
hat
ice cream
jacket
kite
lion
monkey
nest
octopus
pear
quilt
rabbit
snake
turtle
umbrella
violin
water
xylophone
yawn
zebra

Caged Bird
Do you know why the caged bird sings?
Is he lonely?
Is he bored?
Is he hungry?
Do you know why the caged bird sings?
I know why the caged bird sings...
because he lives on Sesame Street!

Trucks
Here are some rubbish trucks.
Rubbish trucks are the best trucks.
This man will tip the rubbish from the rubbish bin into the rubbish truck.
This rubbish truck is decorated with lights.
What happened to the rubbish truck? It fell over.
Here is a tipper truck tipping gravel for the new road.
Here is a front end loader tipping dirt into the tipper truck.
Here are two tanker trucks.
This big semi trailer will travel a long, long way.
This is a very shiny Kenworth truck. Wow!

The Farm Book
I am a cow.
We are sheep.
I am a horse and people ride me.
I am a pig and I snore.
Hello. I am a goat.
I am an emu and I run fast.
We are chickens and we peck.
I am a kid.
I am a goat and I jump high.
I have big horns and I can make wool.
I am a swan.
I am a bull.
I am a donkey.

Thomas, Percy and the snow
Thomas is collecting passengers from the station.
Henry has to do a job for the fat controller.
Percy has the most exciting job of all.
A baby boy is playing with Thomas.
This is Thomas going along a model track.
Soon Thomas has reached the village station.
He brings presents for a winter party.

What Do Dogs Do?
Roofus wants to play fetch.
Layla wants to sleep.
Lola wants to play with a toy.
Shady wants to eat.
Hugo wants to swing.
Spot wants to run.

Steve Irwin: Crocodile Hunter
Steve Irwin loved animals.
He loved crocodiles most!
He was "The Crocodile Hunter" on TV.
He worked at a zoo.
He fed animals.
He saved crocodiles.
He helped koala bears...
kangaroos...
and giant snakes!
Steve Irwin is a hero for crocodiles...
his family...
and the entire world.
We will all miss you!

Insects by Katelyn
This is a grasshopper.
This is a mealworm.
This is a dragonfly.
This is a ladybug.
This is a bee.
This is a green leaf beetle.

All About Rollercoasters
This is the station where you get on the rollercoaster...
but first you have to pay your ticket.
You have to be a certain size to ride the rollercoaster.
Sometimes there are dark tunnels.
The lights are blue and white in this tunnel.
You can see daylight at the end of this tunnel.
This one goes through a mini tunnel, that's also like a building.
This rollercoaster is by a huge lake.
The coaster is now going up.
It goes down super fast, like a rocket ship!
This is a double loop coaster.
This one is a corkscrew.
This one lets your legs hang down.
This one leaves your legs sticking out, too.
This one is going down very steep, like a wall.
Some people ride with their hands up in the air.
This rollercoaster goes upside down.
This rollercoaster has water on the tracks.
This is a vertical coaster.
Your feet dangle on this coaster.
This one goes down a huge mega-loop.
These people are coming into the station at the end of the ride.
This one is going straight down.
There are flags at the top of this coaster.
Some people have to go home at the end of a fun day on the rollercoaster, but some people like to stay and ride more rides.
The End

Hands
Hands
What do we do with our hands?
We use our hands to touch.
We can touch a friend.
We can touch sand.
We can touch paint.
We can touch our head.
We can touch a dog.
How many hands do we have?
One, two. Two hands.
We use our hands to touch.

The Letter F
F is for Farm
F is for Feather
F is for Fish
F is for Frog
F is for Football
F is for Fan
F is for Flag
F is for Feet
F is for Face
F is for Firetruck
F is for Fruit
F is for Five
F is for Fence
F is for Fun
It's Fun learning about the letter F

Leaf Colors
Leaves
Yellow
Light green
Dark green
Orange
Red
Brown
Rainbow

My Trip to Sky Ranch Colorado
I went to Sky Ranch this summer.
My family stayed in a cabin.
I slept in a bunk bed. It was fun!
On the first night, I ate S'mores around the campfire.
We went hiking up to the ropes course.
I put on a harness and helmet.
I climbed a high pole to the zipline. I was very brave!
And, ZIP! Away I went down the zipline.
I loved the Zipline!
I went horseback riding on my own horse.
We rode down the mountain.
We rode across a stream.
We rode through a prairie and back up the mountain.
I went canoeing with Daddy and Ryan.
We also went river rafting on the Taylor River.
The water was SO COLD!
We relaxed and ate at the lodge.
I liked the cherry cobbler!
I had so much fun! I hope we go again.

Flowers in the Garden
Flowers in the Garden
This flower is orange.
This flower is red.
This flower is pink.
This flower is purple.
This flower is yellow.
This flower is blue.
This flower is white.

Back To School
In the morning, we all wake up.
We all brush our teeth.
We all pick out our clothes and get dressed.
This is our school.
Some students go to school on a bus.
Some students go to school in a car.
At school, you see children and teachers.
At recess, some children like to play on the big toy.
Some children like to play with a ball.
At the end of the day, we all say goodbye to our friends.

What can you do?
Evan can stand.
Jack can listen.
Violet can do ballet.
Solomon can watch T.V.
Nette can walk.
Elaine can crawl.
Lisa can run.
Jo can laugh.
Lucya can cook.
What can you do?

Feeding my pets
I like to keep my pets happy, so I give them food everyday.
First, I feed my fish.
They eat fish flakes.
Then, I feed Dill, my turtle.
He likes to eat pellets.
I give Dill shrimp for a treat.
Then, I feed Chilla, my chinchilla.
I give him hay to eat.
If Chilla is good, he gets a treat.

Ears
Ears
What do we do with our ears?
We use our ears to hear.
We can hear a train.
We can hear music.
We can hear a cat.
We can hear kids playing.
We can hear a frog.
How many ears do we have?
One, two. Two ears.
We hear with our ears.

Mouth
Mouth
What do we do with our mouth?
We use our mouth to taste.
We can taste cereal.
We can taste candy.
We can taste milk.
We can taste chicken and corn.
We can taste cakes.
How many mouths do we have?
One. One mouth.
We use our mouth to taste.

All About Braeden
I like underwear.
I live on a farm.
I like orange tractors.
I like to eat food.
I like to ride dirt bikes.

Our Weather
Our Weather
Let's talk about the weather.
When is it going to cool down?
I like snow.
Summer is hot and stormy.
Do you like thunder and lightning?
Tornadoes are spinning winds that go very fast.
Hurricanes can ruin cars and houses.
Earthquakes happen all the time in California, but not in Arizona.
In Arizona, we have storms called monsoons.
It is very windy and it can ruin houses.
I am scared of floods.

We Will Always Remember....
We remember...
The way it was.
The faith we had before they fell.
All those who gave their lives.
The heroes who gave their lives.
Those at the Twin Towers in New York.
Those at the Pentagon in Washington, D.C.
Those on United Flight 93 in Pennsylvania.
The heroes who spent countless hours with search and rescue!
ALL who gave their all.
We still have faith!
They may have damaged our spirit.
They will never kill our pride!

I love pizza!
Pizza, pizza, pizza!
Pizza comes in all different kinds.
There is pepperoni pizza.
There is cheese pizza.
There is sausage pizza.
You can get your pizza from a store...
or you can make a pizza on your own!
I love pizza!

Football Friday CHS!
Let's go to the football game!
Go Cougars Go!
Sing the National Anthem before the game.
Go Cougars Go!
We need a football to play.
Go Cougars Go!
Play football on a football field.
Go Cougars Go!
Score a touchdown.
Go Cougars Go!
Kick a field goal.
Go Cougars Go!
Catch the football.
Go Cougars Go!
Eat yummy food.
Go Cougars Go!
Listen to the band.
Go Cougars Go!
Cheer with the cheerleaders.
Go Cougars Go!
Win the game.

My D Book
D
I SEE A DRUM. DO YOU?
I SEE A DOG. DO YOU?
I SEE A DENTIST. DO YOU?
D
I SEE A DOT. DO YOU?
I SEE A DAD. DO YOU?
I SEE A DISH. DO YOU?
D
I SEE A DOLL. DO YOU?
I SEE A DIAMOND. DO YOU?
I SEE A DOUGHNUT. DO YOU?
I SEE A DRIVER. DO YOU?
I SEE A DRINK. DO YOU?
D
THIS IS THE END OF MY D BOOK.

My C Book
C
I SEE A CAT. DO YOU?
I SEE CORN. DO YOU?
I SEE A COOKIE. DO YOU?
I SEE A COOK. DO YOU?
I SEE CANDY. DO YOU?
I SEE CAKE. DO YOU?
I SEE A CANDLE. DO YOU?
I SEE A CAN. DO YOU?
I SEE A CANTALOUPE. DO YOU?
I SEE A CRAYON. DO YOU?
THIS IS THE END OF MY C BOOK

FARMVILLE RULES!!
I like farmville.
It's very fun.
You will like it too.
You can get gifts.
You can chat with friends.
You can help friends.
You can harvest crops.

Body Parts
Noes
Lips
Tongue
Ears
Eyes
Head
Neck
Arm
Hands
Fingers
Legs
Knees
Feet
Heels
Toes
Back

My Many Feelings
My Many Feelings
I feel sad.
I feel loved.
I feel silly.
I feel proud.
I feel mad.
I feel angry.
I feel excited.
I feel scared.
I feel happy.
I feel tired.
I feel nervous.
I feel shy.
I feel worried.

Abraham Lincoln’s Contributions to America
Abraham Lincoln worked to defend the principles of America.
Abraham Lincoln was born in a log cabin in Kentucky on February 2, 1809.
When he was a boy, he worked on his family’s farm.
He did not go to school every day because he was helping at home.
He taught himself to read.
Abraham Lincoln always tried to tell the truth and do the right thing.
One time, he walked for miles to give a woman a some money he owed her.
He was known as “Honest Abe”.
When Lincoln was young, he saw a slave market, and was very sad.
Many African Americans were owned by people who made them work for no pay.
Lincoln believed that all people are created equal and have the right to be free.
He became a lawyer and served in the United States government.
Abraham Lincoln was elected the sixteenth president.
During this time, the country was divided over equality for all people.
Soon after Lincoln became president, the American Civil War began.
The war lasted for four long years.
During the war, Abraham Lincoln signed a law that helped free African American slaves.
The North won the war, and the country was reunited.
Abraham Lincoln kept America together as one nation.
Abraham Lincoln was shot and killed in 1865.
Abraham Lincoln is honored by memorials and statues.
His picture is on the penny
and the five dollar bill.
We remember Abraham Lincoln as one of the greatest leaders in American history.
Thank you, Abraham Lincoln.

George Washington Carver
George Washington Carver 1864-1943
Dr. Carver was an inventor and teacher.
This was the home of Dr. Carver's mother, Mary. It is near Diamond, Missouri.
George's father died before he was born.
Mrs. Carver taught George to read and write.
He went to school and graduated from the Agricultural College in Ames, Iowa.
He discovered many uses for plants, such as peanut butter from peanuts.
You can visit the George Washington Carver National Monument.
There is a postage stamp with his picture on it!
Dr. Carver's list of 8 virtues
Dr. Carver was a great man.

George Washington’s Contributions to America
George Washington protected the principles of America.
George Washington was born in Virginia on February 22, 1732.
He was a farmer.
His home was at Mount Vernon.
America fought with England in the American Revolutionary War.
George Washington was a brave General.
America won the war and became a country.
George Washington was the first President of the United States.
He worked for the new republican government.
In a republic, people vote for other people to make the decisions.
George Washington helped form the rules in America.
George Washington was the “Father of Our Country.”
Washington, D.C. was named for him.
George Washington died in 1799.
George Washington really helped America.
Thank you, George Washington.

People I See at School
Who helps me at school?
Mr. Black is a teacher.
He helps us learn.
Ms. Wright is an assistant.
She helps us in class.
Mrs. Hensel is a speech teacher.
She helps us communicate.
Mrs. Jelenkovic is a PT.
She helps us move.
Mrs. J is an assistant.
She helps us in class.
We have so many people who help us!

Nose
Nose
What do we do with our nose?
We use our nose to smell.
We can smell a rose.
We can smell candles.
We can smell cookies.
We can smell a skunk.
We can smell fruit.
How many noses do we have?
One. Just one nose.
We use our nose to smell.

I like to Teach
I am a teacher.
Kids use pencils in class to write.
I teach students to read and to count.
I also teach students to write.
Students work hard on the computer!
I love when students learn.
All my students learn and are very smart! I am so proud of them!

Apples
Apples
Apples are crunchy.
I like applesauce.
Do you like applesauce?
Every apple starts with a blossom.
Most green apples are sour.

PRIVATE
PRIVATE
My private parts are covered by my clothes in a public place.
My private parts are covered by my clothes in a public place.
My bedroom is a private place.
I can take my clothes off in my bedroom when the door is shut.
The bathroom is a private place.
I can take my clothes off in the bathroom when the door is shut.
The toilet is a private place.
I can pull my pants down when the door is shut.
The toilet cubicle is a private place.
I can pull my pants down when the door is shut.

Eyes
Eyes
What do we do with our eyes?
We use our eyes to see.
We can see the sky.
We can see bubbles.
We can see fish.
We can see the moon.
We can see the sun.
How many eyes do we have?
One, two. Two eyes.
We use our eyes to see.

Water, Water, Everywhere
Water, Water coming down.
Water, Water on the ground.
Water, water all around.
Water, Water on the ground.
Water, Water is soft to touch.

WOOL NEEDLE FELTING
Wool comes from sheep.
Wool can be dyed many colors.
This is wool roving.
We use needles to do needle felting.
We can make wool ornaments.
We can make wool wall hangings.
We can make wool purses.
Needle felting is fun!

SKATEBOARDING
SKATEBOARDING
People can buy skate shoes and clothes.
Skaters can skate anywhere.
Skaters can even flip.
Artists draw people that skate.
You can even skate in the dark.
Skate parks are busy.
A lot of boys with long hair skateboard in California.

DACHSHUNDS
DACHSHUNDS
Dachshunds drive.
Dachshunds brush their teeth.
Dachshunds are not too smart.
Dachshunds have two eye colors.
Dachshunds can be dapple.
Dachshunds can be Santa's little helpers.
Dachshunds dress in pajamas.
Dachshunds win Olympic medals.
Dachshunds dig for gold and badgers.
Dachshunds build buildings!
Dachshunds do everything!

We See Birds
We see birds everywhere.
Some birds are red. They have short beaks. They eat sunflower seeds.
Some birds are blue. They have red chests. They eat bugs.
Some birds are small. They have long beaks. They eat nectar.
Some birds are black. They have big wings. They eat seeds.
Some birds are red and black. They have short legs. They eat worms.
Some birds are white. They have long bills. They eat fish.
Some birds are pink. They have long necks. They eat shrimp.

Something to Eat
It was a cloudy day.
It was a rainy day.
Al's mom said, "It is a good day to stay in the house."
So Al sat down to read a book.
He looked outside and saw the lake.
He looked outside and saw the dock.
He looked outside and saw his fishing rod.
Al went out to the lake. He put a worm on his hook.
He stood on the dock for a long time.
Then he caught a big fish.
He went in the house. He showed his mom his fish.
He told her that the fish ate his worm.
He also showed his mom the red bumps on his arms and legs.
"The fish ate your worm, the mosquitoes ate you, now we will eat the fish," said Al's mom.
And they did!

DIFFERENT ANIMALS
DIFFERENT ANIMALS
We all need a place to live. We all need food.
We all need a place to get the food we eat.
We live in a house.
We eat beans and peas.
We get our food from a garden or a store.
Birds live in a nest.
They eat seeds and corn.
They get their food from plants or bird feeders.
Ticks live in the woods. They eat blood.
They get their food from people or animals.
Bedbugs live in beds. They eat blood. They get their food from people.
Other animals live in the forest. They eat plants...
or they eat other animals.

I AM A FROG
I AM A FROG
I live in a stream.
I swim and play in the water.
I eat in the water.
I lay my eggs in the water.
I like clean water.
My babies hatch in the water. My babies are tadpoles.
My babies do not have legs, they have tails.
They will grow legs.
My babies like clean water, too.
We like to jump, eat and play in the clean water.

SOME BUGS CAN MAKE US SICK
SOME BUGS CAN MAKE US SICK
Mosquitoes bite people to drink their blood.
Mosquitoes can make us sick and make us itch.
Flies bite us and spread germs.
Ticks bite people and animals. They can spread germs and make us sick.
Lice bite us, and make us itch, too.
Bedbugs bite people too.
Gnats can bite us, too.
Flies, mosquitoes, and other bugs bite animals, too.

DEEP FREEZE-THE ARCTIC
DEEP FREEZE--THE ARCTIC
There is snow and ice on the ground. It is cold. It is always cold here.
Some animals keep warm with fur.
Wolves stay warm with thick fur.
Muskox stay warm with long hair.
Elephant seals stay warm with blubber.
Snowy owls stay warm with feathers.
Snowy owls turn white in winter.
Bears stay warm with thick fur. They sleep all winter.
People stay warm with hats, coats, and mittens.

MANY KINDS OF DOGS
MANY KINDS OF DOGS
There are big dogs and little dogs.
This dog is dirty.
This dog is clean.
These dogs are silly.
This dog is running.
This dog is sleeping.
This dog is happy.
This dog is angry.
There are many kinds of dogs.
They all love us and help us.

WE LOVE OUR DOGS
WE LOVE OUR DOGS
Dogs can work.
He works with his dog.
Dogs can play.
I play with my dog.
Dogs can swim.
He swims with his dog.
Dogs can walk.
He walks with his dogs.
Dogs can sleep.
She sleeps with her dogs.
Dogs can run.
He runs with his dog.
Dogs can ride.
She rides with her dogs.
We love our dogs.

SEASONS IN DENALI
Winter in Denali is cold.
The bears sleep.
There are sheep in the mountains.
The hare's fur is white.
In the spring, the snow melts.
The bears wake up.
The flowers bloom.
The hare's fur turns brown.
Summer in Denali is warm.
There are many animals. Birds look for food.
There are many mosquitoes.
Moose live in Denali.
In the Fall Denali becomes cold again. Animals get ready for winter.
The sheep grow more hair.
The bears eat a lot.
Many animals leave and go south.

DOGS CAN DO MANY THINGS
DOGS CAN DO MANY THINGS
We use dogs to help us. Dogs can do many things.
Dogs can swing.
Dogs can stand.
Dogs can even play!
Dogs can catch a frisbee!
Dogs can act. Dogs can carry our bag or keys.
Dogs can swim.
Dogs can run.
Dogs can help us be safe.
Dogs can help us cross streets.
Dogs can even kiss.
Dogs can make us smile.
Dogs can love us.
Dogs can love each other.
Dogs can do many things.

DENALI  NATIONAL PARK
DENALI NATIONAL PARK
Denali National Park is in Alaska.
Winters are cold in Alaska.
There is snow and ice.
Denali has big mountains.
Polar bears live in Alaska in the winter.
Musk ox live in Alaska in the winter.
Moose live in Alaska in the winter.
Brown bears live in Alaska in the summer.
Eagles live in Alaska in the summer.
Otters live in Alaska in the summer.

BULL SHARKS
BULL SHARKS
Bull sharks live in the ocean.
Bull sharks live in salt water.
Only bull sharks can live in rivers too.
People fish for sharks.
Bull sharks can be 11 feet long, and live to be 16 years old.
Sometimes bull sharks bite people,
but only when they think people are fish.
Bull sharks eat fish, turtles, or other sharks.

CARIBOU LIVE IN  ALASKA
CARIBOU
Caribou live in Alaska.
Caribou eat grass and mushrooms.
Caribou use their hooves to dig for food.
Caribou walk south in the winter to find food.
Caribou walk back north in the spring.

Farm Animals
Here is a cow.
Here is a sheep.
Here is a goat.
Here is a pig.

What Does Casey Love?
What does Casey love?
Casey loves her Mom!
Casey loves her Dad!
Casey loves to play!
Casey loves to jump!

The "An" Family
This is a can.
This is a man.
This is a fan.
This is a van.
This is a pan.

The Letter A
A is for apple.
A is for ants.
A is for alligator.
A is for astronaut.

Our County Fair
Our class went to the Stark County Fair.
We ate lunch under a big tree.
We saw some pigs.
We saw more pigs. They were sleeping.
We saw some sheep.
This sheep wore a pretty red coat.
There was a cow named Mary Lou.
There was a cute goat in her cage.
We took turns petting the llama.
We saw a rabbit named Cupcake.
The rabbit was soft.
There were games at the fair.
We watched harness racing.
Horse number 3 won the race!
We walked through the fair to wait for our bus.
We said good-bye to the tiger.
We said good-bye to horse number 3.
We hope to go to the fair again next year!

Global Warming!
Hi, my name is Taukelina. I'm a middle school student living in Tuvalu.
My country is sinking into the sea.
Global warming caused all this to happen.
Warmer weather makes the ice melt.
Because of the melting ice, the sea level rises.
Some scientists say my country could disappear in 50 years.
I'm very worried.
Here are some things we do to slow down global warming.
We always turn off the lights, the television, and the computer when we are not using them.
We try not to cut down trees.
We walk, ride a bike, or take the bus.
We recycle bottles, cans, plastic bags, and newspapers.
I really do hope you can help us.

Football Friday!!
Let's go to the football game!
Go Hawks Go!
Sing the National Anthem before the game.
Go Hawks Go!
We need a football to play.
Go Hawks Go!
Play football on a football field.
Go Hawks Go!
Score a touchdown.
Go Hawks Go!
Kick a field goal.
Go Hawks Go!
Catch the football.
Go Hawks Go!
Eat yummy food.
Go Hawks Go!
Listen to the band.
Go Hawks Go!
Cheer with the cheerleaders.
Go Hawks Go!
Win the game.
Go Hawks Go!

Michael the Wizard
Michael the Wizard Written by Michael W.
One day Michael the Wizard battled the White Monster using his wand.
Michael wins the battle. He runs to his house.
Then, he practices his magic.
Michael the Wizard lived happily ever after. The End.

This Summer
This Summer Written by Jonathan C.
This summer I went swimming at Splashtown.
This summer I went to Schlitterbahn. I slid down the waterslide.
I splashed in the water. I played with Manuel.
I used the bathrooms at Schlitterbahn. They don't have hand dryers.

Tristan and the Tornado
Tristan and the Tornado Written by Tristan D.
One day Tristan saw a storm.
He was with his friend, Isaiah Keith.
Chairs started flying.
Then, water spilled out of the tornado.
The storm hit a boat.
The boat sank.
Tristan and Isaiah swam back home. The End.

Construction Vehicles
This mini excavator is breaking up the road.
This dump truck is taking the road pieces away.
This garbage truck has fallen over.
This front loader is loading dirt into a dump trailer.
This bulldozer is taking a break.

Taking Care of Pets
Please take care of me.
Change my litter box.
Let me go outside.
These are my friends.
This is my nap place.
Give me a toy.

A  Squeaky  Wild  Ride
There was a squeaky duck.
This girl was playing with her ducky.
She squeazed it to hard. And her duckie flew out the window.
The rubber duck rolled down the hill.
It flew off the mountain...
and fell onto a train.
The train went trough a tunnel.
The train went over a bubbly bridge.
The train saw a mountain that was covered in mud.
I think I can, I think I can, I think I can...
I thought I could, I thought I could, I thought I could...wahoo!
The tracks ended in the gooey glacier.
The engineer turned the brake wheel.
Sparks flew from the bottom of the wheels.
The girl picked her ducky off the train.
Then, she came back in the tub and played with it again.
The End

Prom
Prom
When you go to prom you can go with a date, or...
you can go by yourself, or...
you can go with a group of friends.
What do I need to go to prom? A dress...
some flowers...
and some dress shoes.
A guy needs a nice suit or tux.
At the dance they take lots of pictures.
The best thing about Prom is being with friends, having fun and...
DANCING!!!

Marly by Taylan
Marly is a puppy that Grogan got for his wife.
Marly is a bad puppy because she chews everything up.
Marly is at home waiting for her family to get home from their trip.
When she was waiting she took off the babysitter's towel.
Then she chewed everything up.
When they got home the place was all trashed.
Marly got in big trouble when the family got home.
At the end, Marly dies. It is sad.

Football by Tyler
The football players are playing.
The football players are taking a break.
The football player is tackling.
The football player is running with the ball.
The football player is trying to catch the ball.
The football player is playing with other players.

Puppies by Kaya
He wants to hold the puppy.
She is sleeping because she is so tired, like a baby.
She has a big smile. She is a pretty girl.
He is sleeping because he is tired. He is a baby.
He is sitting and waiting for his mom to bring his brother and sister.
He's so tired, he is panting and walking.
This is a baby seal, he looks like a dog.

High School Musical by Emily
I like Troy, because he is fun.
Troy and Gabriella are having a carnival.
Troy and Gabriella are sitting on the bridge.
Troy, Ryan and Sharpay are standing.
Ryan and Sharpay are dancing.
I love High School Musical!

Ferej's dining words
spoon
fork
knife
plate
bowl
mug
table
chair

All About Flies
This book will provide you with information about Flies.
The housefly is the most common of all flies.
Flies are a pest and are found all over the world.
Flies have many eyes. They also have antennas and wings.
Flies like warm temperatures, like the ones outside in the summer time.
Flies live for two weeks to a month.
Flies only eat liquid foods, like milk and water.
They like to sleep at night and move around during the day, just like us!
A fly is only about the size of your fingernail.
Flies do not have teeth or a stinger, so they cannot hurt you.
In order to prevent flies from coming inside, keep your home clean and throw out your trash.

Books by Jessica M
I love reading books!
I have been reading books since I was a little girl.
I have lots of books in my bedroom.
I love reading in my bedroom.
I read when I go to bed at night time.
I love reading when I'm outside.
I just love being surrounded by books.
My mom takes me to a lot of bookshops.
I also visit the library.
I sit and read in the library.
Thank you for reading my book on books!

Plants
Plants by Brooklyn Green
We need plants.
Plants grow from seeds.
Plants have roots.
Plants have stems.
Plants have leaves.
Some plants have flowers.
Plants need soil to grow.
Plants need water.
Plants need sunlight to grow.
Plants need air too.
Flowers have nectar for some birds and insects to drink.
We eat plants. We eat vegetables.
We eat fruits.
Animals eat plants too!
We even use plants to make medicine.
Trees are the biggest plants.
Trees are homes for some animals.
We get wood from trees.
We build houses with the wood.
Did you know rubber is made from sap from the rubber tree?
The sap from maple trees is turned into syrup for pancakes and waffles!
We play on the grass. Grass is a plant.
But most of all, plants make our world beautiful.

Riding the Bus Home
I ride the bus home.
I line up to get on the bus.
I sit in my spot on the bus.
I like to sit nicely like my friends.
The bus driver has to watch the road. I don't talk to her when she is driving.
Sometimes the noise is TOO LOUD!
Instead of getting mad, I can listen to headphones.
I can read books.
I can play games.
I try really hard to stay in my seat like my friends.

Commotion in the Ocean
Sharks have sharp teeth.
Octopuses have 8 legs.
Dolphins click and squeak.
Crabs pretend to be spies.
Starfish have 5 legs.
Lobsters clipity-clap.
Turtles scamper in the sand.
Whales are very big.
Jellyfish like to jiggle.
Stingray tails really sting.

Handwashing
It is important to wash our hands.
Dirty hands spread germs.
Germs can make you sick.
We should wash our hands after we play outside.
We should wash our hands after we touch animals.
We should wash our hands after we go to the bathroom.
We should wash our hands after we cough or sneeze.
We should wash our hands before we eat.
When we wash our hands, the first thing we do is turn on the water.
Next, we get our hands wet.
Then we get some soap.
We rub our hands together for ten seconds.
Then we rinse all of the soap off.
We turn the water off.
Then we get a paper towel and dry our hands.
The paper towel goes in the garbage can.
Washing our hands helps us feel good!

My B Book
My B Book
I SEE A BED. DO YOU?
I SEE A BUG. DO YOU?
I SEE A BEAN. DO YOU?
I SEE A BAT. DO YOU?
I SEE A BALL. DO YOU?
I SEE A BEAR. DO YOU?
I SEE A BUNNY. DO YOU?
I SEE A BEE. DO YOU?
I SEE A BOY. DO YOU?
I SEE A BUS. DO YOU?
I SEE A BABY. DO YOU?
I SEE A BIKE. DO YOU?
I SEE A BIRD. DO YOU?
I SEE A BOWL. DO YOU?
THE END OF MY B BOOK.

Jobs People Do
This is a fireman. He is a man.
This is a police officer. She is a lady.
This is a police officer. He is a man.
This is a doctor. She is a lady.
This is a doctor. He is a man.
This is a hairdresser. She is a lady.
This is a barber. He is a man.

How Do Kids Get to School?
How do kids get to school?
Some ride a bus.
Some ride in a car.
Some ride in a truck.
Some ride in a van.
Some ride in a S U V.
Some ride a bike.
Some just walk.
How do you get to school?

I like school!
I like school!
I like the library at school.
I like lunch at school.
I like science at school.
I like music class at school.
I like recess at school.
I like P.E. class at school.
We like school!

Rodeo Horses
Ride the horse, going to be great.
Ride the horse, just can't wait.
Hold on tight, going to be great.
Hold on tight, just can't wait.
Rodeo horses rock.

Staying Safe on the Internet
Internet Safety is important for people of all ages.
If anyone on the internet makes you feel uncomfortable, be sure to tell your parents.
When we talk over the internet, sometimes we cannot be sure who it is we are talking to.
She may say she is a princess,
but sometimes the person you are chatting with is not who they say they are.
Talking inappropriately to the wrong person could land you in jail.
While many people search the internet for love.....
if you think you are chatting with a child under 18,
you may actually be talking to a Law Enforcement Officer.
Poor choices now can lead to a poor future.

Ready to Learn
It's a new school year and Maria is ready to learn.
She wants to learn about words.
It's a new school year and Noah is ready to learn.
He wants to learn about books.
It's a new school year and Nathan is ready to learn.
He wants to learn about social studies.
It's a new school year and Emilee is ready to learn.
She wants to learn about numbers.
It's a new school year and Kyle is ready to learn.
He wants to learn about science experiments.
It's a new school year and Jaylen is ready to learn.
He wants to learn about shapes.
It's a new school year and Bryce is ready to learn.
He wants to learn about reading.

I Like Sonic Cartoons
Sonic is at the beach.
Sonic is on the wall.
Sonic is on the roller blades.
Sonic is in the cartoon.
Sonic is at the Games.
Sonic is with Mario.
Sonic is on the CDs.
Sonic can do anything.

Monkeys
Monkey jumps.
Monkey hops.
Monkey swings.
Monkey rolls.
Monkey runs.
Monkey lives in the zoo.
Monkey eats bananas.
Monkey scratches.
Monkey sleeps.

Trees
This tree is next to the waterfall.
This tree is in the sunlight.
This waterfall is next to the trees.
This tree is old.
These trees are next to the ocean.
These trees have red leaves.
This river is between the trees.
This tree could be pretty.

I LIke....
I like Dr. Pepper.
I like candy.
I like dogs.
I like swimming.
I like jewelry.
I like slinkies.

Insects by Nathan
This is a mealworm. He has six legs.
Ladybugs are red and have dots.
This is a grasshopper I caught.
This is a dragonfly.
This is cool butterfly.
This is a black beetle.
There are lots of ants!!

Silbenlesen mit M
M
A
WIE
MA MA
M
E
WIE
MESSER
M
I
WIE
MILCH
M
O
WIE
MOTORRAD
M
U
WIE
MUND

I SHALL BE A LEADER
I shall believe in myself,
and in my ability to give my best.
I shall be a leader,
not a follower of the rest.
I shall keep my head up.
I shall keep my eyes focused upon the prize.
I shall be a leader.
I shall be deliberate, as well as wise.
I shall question, as well as answer.
I shall stand where everyone can see,
for I shall also be accountable...
to those who follow me.

Wall-E by Tyler
I like Wall-E.
I like Wall-E. He is cool.
He is with his friend, Eva.
He is with his friend, Mo.
He is cleaning up trash.
He's in the snow.
He's sad cause he's not cleaning up all the trash.

Nemo by Taylan
This is Nemo on ice. It is in Disney World.
This is Flo, the starfish. She is really funny in the movie.
This is Darla. She is diving to try to find Nemo.
Nemo is at his house in the sea. Do you see him? I see him.
Nemo is swimming to go to school. Nemo likes his friends.
Nemo is with his dad. His dad is taking him to school.
Nemo is looking out of the anemone. He is looking for his dad.
Nemo is waiting to go to school. There is danger around and a bad fish that could hurt him, so he is hiding.

Insects for Science
This is a butterfly. He lives outside.
These are lady bugs.
This is a praying mantis. He is covering his eyes.
This is a centipede. He has lots of legs.
This is a tick. He is fat.
This is the front of the grasshopper. He has two antennas.
This is the back of the grasshopper. Grasshoppers are cool.
This is a mealworm. It is in its container.
This is a mealworm that turned into a black beetle.
This is a praying mantis. We took a picture of it.

The Monarch Butterfly's Life Cycle
The Life Cycle of the Monarch Butterfly
The lady butterfly lays her egg on the leaf of a Milkweed plant.
The caterpillar that hatches from that egg is so tiny. See the dime? That caterpillar will eat and eat the Milkweed leaf.
As the Monarch caterpillar grows, it will grow out of its skin and grow new skin.
Then it will attach itself to a house or a branch so it can hang like a J shape.
This time when its skin comes off, there is a bright green chrysalis underneath.
In about two weeks, the chrysalis gets thin enough to see what has been growing inside of it. See the wings?
Finally, the beautiful Monarch butterfly that has been growing inside the chrysalis breaks out. At first it is wet.
Once its wings dry, it will open them and fly away the same day.

Red
The car is red.
The kettle is red.
The rose is red.
The lighthouse is red.
The bug is red.
The door is red.
I love red.

Winnie the Pooh and Friends
Pooh and friends.
Tigger and Piglet.
Kanga and Roo.
Tigger and Pooh.
Pooh and Eyore.
Pooh and Raggedy Ann.
Good night friends!

HELEN KELLER
When Helen was a baby she could see and hear.
Then she got ill. She could not see or hear. She was blind and deaf and could not understand why.
Annie Sullivan was a teacher who lived with Helen's family and tried to help Helen understand.
Annie Sullivan taught Helen to talk a little, and to spell words with her fingers in sign language.
Helen became a very smart student. She taught others to work hard and keep trying.

The Lion King
I like The Lion King.
I like Timon.
I like Scar.
I like Mufasa.
I like Rafiki.
I like Pumba.
Simba is my favorite.
The end.

Ups and downs of being a teenager.
I have annoying siblings.
I get my license.
Sports are more competitive.
Sports are more fun.
I'm in high school.
School is harder.
I'm getting smarter.
There is more peer pressure.
I'm getting stronger.
Friends understand more things.

The ups and downs of my teenage life.
As a teenager, I get more privileges.
As a teenager, people take me more seriously.
The older I get, the more responsibilities I have.
As a 15 year old, I can drive.
As a 15 year old, I can get a job.
As a teenager, I am almost an adult.
As the oldest child, I have to take care of my siblings.
As a teenager, my parents let me watch high rated movies.
As a teenager, I can play videogames little kids cannot, or should not play.
Being a teenager means people have more expectations of me.

My Life
I get to drive.
I have to do a lot of homework.
I live in America.
I live close to a school.
I have a little sister.
It is hard to get a job.
I have a lot of pressure to do well.
I have interesting classes at school.
I get to stay up late.
I have more freedom than I did as a kid.

My Favorite All Black
Richie McCaw is my favorite player.
This is Richie McCaw's jersey. He is number 7.
Richie McCaw is a good runner with the ball.
Richie is doing the Haka.
Richie dives.
Here is Richie with the trophy.
Here is Richie with another trophy.
Here is Richie with his friend.
I want to be like Richie.

the life of Manhart.
I have a job at the Cafe in Somerset.
I'm a cook.
I use that money to go to Panama.
In Panama, we visit a small town called Piriati and run some church classes.
I cannot drive, but my sister can. She has a Lincoln Town Car, but drives it like a Lambo.
I'm a die hard colts fan, always have been, always will be.
I hope to become an architect.
My family has been cow ranchers in Indiana for years.
I also like to paint.
Thanks for listening.

Christopher Columbus, Explorer
Christopher Columbus was an explorer. He sailed the ocean blue in 1492 for Queen Isabella. He was looking for new land.
Columbus took three ships called the Nina, the Pinta, and the Santa Maria.
He sailed west from Spain to reach "The East."
Instead, he discovered a new world. We now call this land North America.

Ups and Downs of Being Me
I can relax because I only have a limited amount of responsibilities.
I am growing stronger.
I get to try new things like driving.
I am getting better friends.
I get to enjoy things like high school football.
Girls my age are age are becoming more beautiful.
I get too much homework.
I am too young to get a good job.
I am too young to get my driver's license.
I am growing more intelligent.

The Ups and Downs of Being A 10th Grader
It feels good to be a 10th grader and to start a new year.
No more swimming in p.e.
Study hall is now in classrooms.
Many of us can drive now.
This year we have more freedom.
But we also have more responsibilities.
We have more homework and harder classes.
After this year we are half done with school.
We aren't allowed to wear hats anymore.
I'm excited to be back but can't wait until school is out again.

JAURIM
JAURIM
Kim Yuna is the main vocalist of Jaurim.
She plays the guitar.
She makes music her self.
She married a dentist.
She is 36 years old and an important person of the jaurim.
Gu Taehoon is the drummer of Jaurim.
He owns a famous club, Sound holic.
Kim Jinman is the only one who is not married.
Lee Sungyu is the leader of Jaurim.
And he is the main guitarist.
Kim Yuna met the members of Jaurim in 1996.
Jaurim's first song was the OST 'Hey Hey Hey' from the movie 'Man hoding flowers'.
'Ha Ha Ha song' is a popular song on the 5th album.
'Nack wha' is a blue song.
'Magic carpet ride' is very scary.
Another song, 'Geoji' means a beggar.
'Loving memory' was made for an AIDS campaign.
They won a prize at the Rock Festival in 2000.
This band has had large influence on society.
Jaurim is one of the best rock bands in Korea.

Balance of My Life.
Living in Ames is very nice.
I have a bad back.
Music is what focuses and drives me and is therefore very important.
I understand strength is nothing next to or without willpower.
Explanations kill my brain.
I do Tae Kwon Do.
People in my life are always dying or struggling.
I was raised with good manners.
I can handle my own bullies verbally and physically.
I understand balance is necessary.

The Ups and Downs of Being a Teenager
There is a lot more expected now that you're older.
School is back in session and it's very time consuming.
There are opportunities to make friends everyday.
Football is tough and very fun.
I get a car and a drivers license.
I have to get a job.
I am now a sophomore and more comfortable in high school.
There is a lot more time spent doing homework.
There is a whole new set of after school events.
There is a whole new year of new things.

The Ups and Downs of Being a Teenager
There are a lot of good friends to always help you out with anything.
You have to stay focused on school, and you don't have much free time on weekdays.
You get more privileges like being able to drive and get a job.
It's a lot more stressful than middle school because these grades determine if you're going to get into a good college or not.
Respect is gained with the good things you do.
Responsibility becomes more important.
There are many fun times at this age.
Parents don't always let you do what you want.
You sometimes meet negative people.
Being able to do whatever you want.

Things I Love and Hate About My Life
I love my family.
I hate going to school.
I hate math class.
I love listening to music.
I love my dog Sadie.
I love hanging out with my friends.
I love being able to drive.
I love football.
I'm glad my basement didn't flood.
I love watching good movies.

Tahoe
Brooks and his family go to Tahoe.
Brooks and Daddy went on a jet ski.
Brooks did a lot of bouncing on the water.
Brooks stayed in a new house.
Brooks went river rafting with Mommy, Daddy, Bebe, Meredith and Bella.
Brooks liked bouncing in the raft.
Brooks ate ice cream at Mr. Mike's store.
Brooks got to eat candy at Mr. Mike's.
Brooks went up high on the blue swing.
Brooks got to ride in Daddy's car and listen to music.

Jake Goes Walking
Jake loves going for walks.
In the summer, Jake wears his sunglasses to go for a walk.
Jake and his brother Ryan walk down the street.
Jake, Grandma, and Papa walk down the street.
Jake and Papa walk towards the house.
Jake is walking on the grass.
In the winter, Jake wears a winter hat.
Sometimes Jake rides in his stroller.
Jake and his teachers practice walking in the snow.
Jake loves going for walks.

teen life # 29
Cell phones are a good thing for a teen.
Driving is another good thing that teens are allowed to do.
The third good thing is that you can begin to find out what love is.
A bad thing some teens have to deal with is a  curfew.
Another bad thing is the fact that no one really listens to you or respects you.
You still have to listen to the older people's rules.

Teen Life #43
One positive thing of teen life is that we have technology.
Another is that we can drive at 16 years old.
We can have a better education.
A negative thing is that we have a lot of pressure.
There is more violence in the world.
Because of the population, it is hard to get a job.

Teen Life #38
There is a lot to us.
Being a teen means being oblivious.
We hate authority, but must submit
Puppy Love. It's everywhere and it's mostly delusional
We are probably the most social creatures on the planet.
We have a lot of freedom. We abuse it.

Teen Life 34
When you turn 16, you are usually allowed to drive a car.
As a teen, you are allowed to go to prom.
When you are a teen, you are finally old enough to get a job.
As a teen, you notice more bullying.
Having a curfew isn't a fun thing as a teen.
No one likes homework, especially when you want to go out and do something.

teen life # 38
Being a teen means being able to drive!
Hanging out with friends is the best past-time.
Technology makes our world easier.
But you have to obey your parents.
High school is the worst.
You're also expected to get a job.

Teens Life #30
Cell phones and texting go together.
Money comes in handy.
Driving is fun.
School can be boring.
Cops ruin the fun for everyone.
Detention is horrible.

My New Expierience
I had an awesome year planned and it was ruined.
I'm back with with my best friend though so its way better!
It's lame that I had to move!
I get lost all the time at school!
It's pretty awesome being in a town with stuff to do. I love it!
I love meeting new people!
New schools are hard to get used to!
I have some pretty sweet teachers!
I live with my grandma now.
I enjoy a good dance!

Ups and Downs of Being a Teenager
I hate geometry.
I like not being a freshman anymore.
I don't like how study hall changed and now it's in classrooms.
I didn't like having to wear my cheer uniform the first day of school.
I'm excited to be able to drive this year.
I don't like that school is more serious and harder this year.
I don't like that my birthday isn't until May so I'm young for my grade.
I like that I get more freedom.
I like that I wasn't nervous for the first day of school, being a sophomore.
The last thing I like and dislike is that each year I get closer to graduating and growing up.

Three Times Each Day
When the doctor tells you
to take your medicine
three times each day,
you need to take
one dose
at breakfast time,
one dose
at dinnertime
(around 6:00 PM or 8 hours after breakfast),
and one dose
at bedtime.

The Apple Tree
Way up high in the apple tree,
two red apples smiled at me.
I shook that tree just as hard as I could.
Down came the apples.
Mmmmm, they were good!

Growing Up
You never have enough time alone.
You wish you were a child again.
You have to get a job.
You never have enough money.
School is super stressful.
People think they are  cool.
You never have enough time to sleep.
You get to start driving.
You get to great friends.
There is lots of pressure.

Scary Things About Getting Old
My appearance has begun to change.
I take more naps in order to conserve energy.
I get up at five in the morning, whether I want to or not.
I go to bed before the sun goes down.
I get a new wrinkle every few days.
I forget everything except when I need to eat.
It takes longer for me to make sense of things.
Probably the scariest thing is that I'm still happy to be here!

Dinosaurs
This dinosaur is big.
This dinosaur is green.
This dinosaur is blue.
This dinosaur is green.

Teen Life #24
You can drive when you're 16.
You can play sports in high school.
You don't have to pay taxes.
You can't vote.
You can't drive if your 15.
You have curfews.

Teen life #4
Parents still cook for teens.
We do not have to worry about working.
We still don't have to pay for bills.
Teens have to do a lot of homework.
We have to worry about applying for college
We have to do chores.

Teen Life #21
Cars allow teens to be more independent and rely less on their parents.
Also, as you get older, you can stay up later.
Teens are given more freedom with age.
But as you get older, you are given more responsibility.
Since you are a teenager, you do have to go to school.
The worst of all though, is you still  have to live with your parents.

Teen Life #11
Being a teen means you have freedom.
But you have a lot of homework and school.
You also get a lot of free food and other things.
Most of us can't drive.
But our parents are there for us.
Sometimes being a teenager feels like being trapped.

Teen Life #7
No drinking.
Teen's can enjoy Momma's cooking.
Teen's can get a part time job.
Teen's have to go to school.
Teen's don't have to pay taxes.
Teen's have to drive with a parent.

Teen Life 25
Bad because you have a lot of stress as a teenager.
Bad because you can't drink.
Bad because you cant vote.
Good because you're not a little kid anymore.
Good because your parents help you with money.
Good because you can drive.

Teen Life # 20
Cars offer freedom to teens.
Parents cook food for teens.
Teens can get a part time job.
Teens have to go to school everyday.
Teens can't drink.
Parents sometimes don't let teens do what they want.

Teen Life #5
As a teen, your parents still support you with money.
As a teen, your parents also cook for you.
Once you reach 16, you can drive.
But being a teen has a negative side. you have homework.
There is no drinking allowed.
And you get a lot more chores.

Teen Life #6
You can't drink when you're a teen.
You can't vote.
You live with your siblings.
When you're a teen, you can drive.
Your parents help you with money.
You don't have to have a job.

TeenLife #2
We can't afford our own car.
We can't stay out all night.
We can't have a full time job.
But we don't have to pay taxes.
We get free food.
And free living.

Teen Life #26
I can drive once I am 16.
I like to play high school sports.
I can hang with my friends more.
I am too young to vote.
I still have a curfew.
There's a lot of stress in my life.

Football
I like Big Ben.
The Steelers.
The football players are playing.
This is a blue football.
The football players are kicking.
They are sitting down.
A football field.

What We Do at School
What we do at school ...
We read a book at school.
We work at school.
We write stories at school.
We eat snack at school.
We eat lunch at school.
We use the computer at school.
We learn science at school.
The End

Wolf
Wolves have a tight family structure and everyone knows where they stand.
Wolf groups are called "packs" and each has a leader.
They howl at the moon, but they aren't werewolves.
Wolves provide a lot of inspiration for artists.
Wolves are very spiritual animals.

I Can Count to Ten.
I can count to ten.
I see one bunny. 1.
I see two birds. 1, 2.
I see three frogs. 1, 2, 3.
I see four flowers.             1, 2, 3, 4.
I see five umbrellas.          1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
I see six Easter eggs.       1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
I see seven balloons. 
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.
I see eight kites.                1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
I see nine jellybeans.        1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
I see ten butterflies. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.

Going to the  Gym
Here is the gym.
I wear my P.E. t-shirt.
I am stretching.
I go to the gym with my teacher.
I love the Rowing Machine.
I like biking.
The Stepper is hard.
I like the gym.

Los Colores
Las flores son moradas.
Las flores son blancas.
Las flores son amarillas.
Las flores son amarillas y blancas.
Las flores son anaranjadas.
Las flores son rojas.
Las flores son azules.
Las flores son de muchos colores!

Alphabet Play
I.
Eye.
Aye aye.
C.
Sea.
Si.
I see.
U.
You.
Yewww!
I see you.
ICU.
P.
Pee.
I.  C-U-P.
I see you pee.

Look at Me!
Look at me!
I have 2 eyes.
Look at me! I can blink my eyes.
I have 1 nose.
Look at me! I can touch my nose.
I have 1 mouth.
Look at me! I can stick out my tongue.
I have 2 hands.
Look at me! I can clap my hands.
I have 2 feet.
Look at me! I can kick my feet.

Cars
This car is orange.
This car is green.
This car is black.
This car is red.
This car is silver.
These cars are yellow, red, and blue.

I Go to School
I like to go to school.
I go to school Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday.
At school, I listen.
I ride the bus to school.
At school, I see my friends.
I ride the bus home to see my family.
The End

Fish
The fish is yellow.
The fish is red.
The fish is green.
The fish is blue.
The fish is orange.

Shrek
Shrek is green.
Donkey is brown.
Fiona is green.
Donkey is brown.

Princesses
I like Mulan.
I like Sleeping Beauty better.
I like Beauty and Beast.
I love it.
I like the castle.
I like Snow White.
The End.

Motorcycles
I love to ride motorcycles.
Motorcycles go fast.
Motorcycles can't be ridden in winter.
I like to drive new motorcycles.
That is a black motorcycle.
I love motorcycles.

Cars
Cars.
A van.
A red car.
This is the same car.
That's a new car.
That's the same car.

Ariel
Ariel is sitting on her thrown.
Ariel is waiting for Prince Charming.
Jazmine looks pretty.
Belle looks awesome.
These are all the princesses.
Ariel is with her friend Eric.
Sleeping Beauty is sleeping.
This is Dopey, I like Dopey.

Flowers
Sunflowers are tall. I wish I had a garden full.
This flower looks like a mouth.
I am dead.
Where is the sun?

Computers
Teddy bear and a computer.
The computer is on.
Cat.
Computer.
A computer on the desk.

Cars
I like the car.
I like driving in the car.
I like the color.
The car is going fast.
I like slug bugs.

Monkeys
I like you monkey!
Mama monkey, brother monkey and sister monkey.
He's a little baby monkey.
Mama and baby.
He's angry!
I like monkeys.  We love you, monkeys!

Scary Things About Getting Old
Sometimes, I worry about getting older.
As I age, I become more wrinkly.
My older friends notice that they sleep more than they used to.
I spend more time with medical staff than I used to.
I eat the same amount of food, but I gain weight!
I get exhausted doing things that don't take much energy.
I forget more things than I used to.
I no longer know what clothes look cool.
Yes, getting old can be rough. Fortunately though...
I don't forget to laugh about it!

This and That
Apple and orange.
Red and blue.
Sun and moon.
Dad and mom.
Circle and square.
Girl and boy.
Hot and cold.

Sad and Mad
I am sad.
Dan is sad.
I am mad.
Dan is mad.
We are sad.
We are mad.

I Had
I had a cat.
I had a fat cat.
I had a cat. It sat.
I had cats.
My cats had a blast.

I Like.
I like bananas.
I like oranges.
I like grapes.
I like watermelon.
I like pineapples.
I like strawberries.
I like cherries.

I Love Bananas
Bananas are very good.
Bananas can make you smile.
Bananas are silly.

Keeping Animals Away
Poison Dart Frog
Cricket
Porcupine
Can you spot the cheetah?

I love school
School is fun
I love to use computers.
My teacher is great.

Fairies
Fairies can grant wishes.
That's the queen of the fairies. She is  pretty.
That's the castle of the queen.It is on a hill.
Those are little fairies.They are playful.
That's a judge fairy.She sends bad fairies away.
That's a magic mirror. It makes fairies go into the human world.
The fairy is granting a wish.

Who swims?
Who swims?
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am a jellyfish!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am an angelfish!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can!  Do you know what I am?
I am a goldfish!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am a sea horse!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am a weedy sea dragon!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am a batfish!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am a stingray!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am a clownfish!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am?I am a sea turtle!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am a mandarin dragonet!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am a swordfish!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am a cuttlefish pair!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am a discus fish!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am a whale shark!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am a regal queen!
Swim, swim, as fast as you can! Do you know what I am? I am a reef fish!
Fish, fish, everywhere!

The Walk
The Walk
Tom is a dog. Dan is a cat. They live with Sam.
Sam and Tom go for a walk. Tom and Sam like to walk.
Dan does not like to walk. He likes to sleep. He does not go for a walk.
Tom and Sam see a car.
They see a dog.
They see a boy and a girl.
Tom and Sam see a tree.
They hear a cat.
They looked under the tree.
"Dan, is that you?"
It is not Dan. It is a white cat. The cat is sad. The cat needs help.
Tom and Sam help the cat. 
They take the cat to Dan.
Dan and Tom are happy with a new friend.

Julia Gillard
Julia Gillard
Julia Gillard is our new Prime Minister.
We are having an election on Saturday 21st August 2010.
The people will vote.

Flowers
This is a Vinca.
This is a dandelion.
This  is a bat signal.
There was this bat that was laying somewhere.
This is a  tiger.
This is a  volcano.
This is  a  blood python  that  is slithering  across something.
This is a  bear.
This is dog.

Cupcakes
This is a cupcake.
These cupcakes look yummy.
And all three cupcakes are yummy.
This is a raspberry fairy cake.

Traditional Korea
Our topic is traditional Korea.
First, we will introduce our traditional clothes: "Han -bok."
Han-bok makes one's figure appear nice!
But these days we only wear it on the national holidays.
Because it is very expensive.
Secondly, we will introduce our traditional music: "Pansori."
Currently, only five compositions of "Pansori" have been inherited from our ancestors.
There are Simcheong-ga, Hoeungbo-ga, Chunhyang-ga, Sugung-ga and Jeockbyeock-ga.
The instrument of Pansori is a drum.
Pansori is registered with UNESCO world Heritage site.
Thirdly, we will introduce our traditional food: "Kimchi."
Kimchi is spicy but very delicious.
We can make many kinds of Kimchi.
These days, people make many foods with Kimchi.
Foreigners like to make food with Kimchi.
Fourthly, we will introduce the traditional game: "Yut."
You throw the yut and you move the number that you get.
If you got 'mo' or 'yut' you can throw again.
The first team that comes to the end wins.
Korea has many traditions.
Come to Korea!

Where are the bears?
The bears are on the shelf.
The bears are in the tree.
The bears are in the garden.
The bears are on the path.
The bears are in the helmet.
The bears are in the basket.
The bears are hanging up.
The bears are at the magic show.
The bears are at the shop.
The bears are in the room.
Oooo! The bears are hiding. Watch out for the ghost bear.

Max's Big Big Truck Book
Two really old trucks.
A nice big truck!
Oh wow! This truck is pink.
Dump truck. Big, big ,big, truck.
A small car between two big big trucks.
This truck is driving into some bad weather!
This truck is orange.
Truck at a gas station! Oh no I hope they don't run out of gas!
This truck has lots of writing on it!
A truck that's all lit up!
Dump truck is really big and has lots of sand in it.
This blue truck is going really fast.
Flowers riding in the back of a pickup.
We love big trucks!!

food
I eat fish eggs.
Sushi is fun to eat.
Ice cups are cool.
KFC makes me fat.
Cake is fun to make.
Eggs are good to eat.

This Little Chick
This Little Chick
Played with a pig.
Oink,oink!
This Little Chick
Played with the ducks.
Quack, quack!
This Little Chick
Played with a cow.
Moo, moo!
This Little Chick
Played with a frog.
Ribbit, ribbit!
This Little Chick
Played with lambs.
Baa, Baa!
Too much playing. Time to go home.

Planes, Trains, Boats and Cars
Planes, Trains, Boats, and Cars
Planes go fast.
Planes fly in the air.
Trains rumble down the tracks.
Some trains go fast.
Some trains go slow.
Boats float on the water.
Some boats are for working.
Some boats are for having fun.
Cars go on the roads.
Some cars are big.
Some cars are little.
Let's go!

Camping
Camping
Camping can be fun!
You can cook your food on the campfire.
Yummy s'mores!
Bugs can be annoying at camp.
You may need to use bug spray while camping.
Staying in a tent is the best part of camping.
Goodbye campground.  See you next year.

R2D2
Family reunion.
Free falling.
Glow in the dark R2.
M.O. meets R2.
Fun.
Stand back!
I can fly!
No more blind dates.
Indiana Droid.
Night out.
I am your father.
Freeze!!
Charge!
One left.
R2's girl.
Escalator ride.
I am your mother!
The army rises again!
New and improved.
C-3PO
The droid army.
R2's son.

Eat
Eat
It is time for breakfast.
Do you like cereal or oatmeal?
Yum, Yum!
It is time for lunch.
Do you like soup or a sandwich?
Yum, Yum!
It's time for dinner.
What do you like to eat for dinner?
Yum, Yum, Yum!

To Market, To Market
To Market, To Market
The pig came first.
The hen came second.
The goose came third.
The fish came fourth.
The lamb came fifth.
The cow came sixth.
The duck came seventh.
The goat came eighth.
The market is too crowded!!

Summer Vacation
Summer 2010
I went swimming at the lake.
I rode my bike every day.
I went to club on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
I watched fireworks.
I had a great summer!

Asking for a Break
When I am at my desk and someone gets too close...
I get out of sorts!
I get my back up because I am scared and unsure.
I will want to yell and swear!!!
Instead I will go for a walk,
put my head down,
get a drink,
or go to my break spot.
It is okay to be mad as long as I stay safe!

Gopher Guts
G, G, G means greasy, grimy, gopher guts.
Marinated monkey meat.
Little baby birdie feet.
G, G, G means greasy, grimy, gopher guts.
Get them at your grocery store.  Once more...
Get them at your grocery store.

Walrus
A walrus can smile.
A walrus can sleep.
A walrus can swim.

Camping in the Woods
First, we have to set up the tent.
We like to camp in the woods.
We have some refreshments.
We see a groundhog.
He comes out to say "Hello."
We go back to the campground and play games.
Then we start a fire and cook hamburgers.
Yumm we like hamburgers!
Time to roast Marsh mellows!
We sing camp songs by the fire.
A little bandit is trying to crash our music party!
Once the fire dies,we get ready for bed.
Then we hit the hay in the tent.
The sun is coming up! Time to wake up.
For breakfast we make pancakes.
Then we take a morning walk in the woods.
We feel like playing some cards.
Afterwards, we go swimming in the lake.
And take our bikes down a woody path,
where we see some horses running.
We pack our things and head back home.
We get everything in the car and hit the road.

Computers
Early man didn't have computers.
But, we have evolved!
Is this a better world?
The kids definitely think so.

Jimi Hendrix -  60s 70s
The 60s and 70s
ROCK!
Jimi Hendrix was a rockstar.
Jimi Hendrix rocked 60s 70s.
He was a hippy.
The End!

Hannah Montana
Hannah Montana
Hannah Montana is a rock star.
Hannah Montana is a pop star.
Hannah Montana can dance.
Hannah Montana’s boyfriend is Jackson.
I wish Hannah Montana’s dad would marry me.
Hannah Montana has friends at school.
Jackson and Hanna Montana fight.
Hannah is pretty.
Hannah Montana and her friend have a date.
Hannah Montana is our favorite rock star.

Michael Jackson
Michael Jackson 1958 - 2009.
He was born August 29, 1958.
A lot of people were fans of his.
He was the King of Pop.
The self portrait of
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson
with Princess Diana.
He was cool.
He will forever be the King of Pop.
In 1964, he sang with the
Jackson 5.
Michael Jackson was
a great singer.
Another self portrait 
of Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson with
a friend in 1988.
Michael Jackson with 
friends.
Michael Jackson at the
White House in 1984, with President and Mrs. Reagan.
Fans honor 
the King of Pop.
Fans honor 
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson in
Thriller.
Michael Jackson will be missed.
Michael Jackson will live in a lot of people's hearts.
Michael Jackson was
great.
Thriller.
Michael Jackson in 
1982.
Paris and Prince Jackson,
Michael's children.
Michael Jackson is
the best.
Michael Jackson with his
son, Blanket.
Michael Jackson's
This Is It.
Michael Jackson on June 23, 2009, just two days before he died.
Michael Jackson at a concert.
Michael and Janet Jackson when they were kids.
Michael Jackson with
ET.
Michael Jackson
at a concert.
In Memories of
The King Of Pop.
Michael Jackson died on 
June 25, 2009. He was 50 years old.

Motorbikes
He is on a bike.
He is on a red bike.
He is on a yellow bike.
He is on a blue bike.
He is on a dirt bike.
He is on an old bike.
He is on a dirty bike.
He is on a police bike.
Now, the dog is on a bike.

Joe Went to the Zoo
Joe went to the zoo.
He saw an echidna.
Joe went to the zoo.
He saw a flamingo.
Joe went to the zoo.
He saw a hippo.
Joe went to the zoo.
He saw a penguin.
Joe went to the zoo.
He saw a red panda.
Joe went to the zoo.
He saw a wombat.
Joe likes going to the zoo.

CHOPPER SHOW
This chopper is orange.
Trailers are used to put things in.
O.C.C. built this bike.
O.C.C. built his, and it is a nice bike.
This bike is a show bike.
This Ford hot rod is owned by O.C.C.
The bike show is held once a year

It is fun to......
It is fun to take the football on the oval.
It is fun to see the chooks.
It is fun to swim.
It is fun to rake the leaves.
It is fun to cook.
It is fun to feed Charlie.

Soccer
I like soccer.
I like to kick a goal.
I want to be a goal keeper.
I like to catch the ball.
I like to have fun.

Cricket
I like to catch the ball.
I like to bat.
I like to bowl.
I like to field.
I like cricket.

Go Karts
I like go karts.
I like to go fast.
When I go on a go kart I wear a helmet.
I wear a seat belt when I drive my go kart.
the end

My Dog
I like my dog.
His name is Cody.
We play chase.
I walk my dog.
the end

Aeroplanes
I like to fly.
We taxi along the runway.
Thomas Teresa and Darrin went on the plane too.
Up in the sky we go.
We had fun flying.

Martial Arts
I love karate.
I love doing high kicks.
I love watching karate.
I love to practice my karate.
the end

Monster Trucks
Wow! What huge wheels.
Look at all those monster trucks.
How in the world do you get in the driver's seat?
Look at that great trick.
I love to go to watch the monster truck races.

Playing Cricket
I like cricket.
I like catching.
I like bowling.
I like batting.
the end

Verbs
The water falls over rocks.
Horses gallop down the road.
The elephant stomps down the dirt path.
The dancers tiptoe to the stage.
The girl pedals her bicycle to work.
The colors swirl across the page.
Verbs are used to show action. 
falls, gallop, stomps, tiptoe, pedals, swirl

Cats
Cats are cute when they are little.
Cats are cute and fun.
Cats like to scratch their claws on the pole.
Cats like to jump on the wall to get string.
Cats like to clean themselves every day.
Some cats hate to have a bath.
Some cats like to play with a rug.
Every cat needs food every day.
Every day you need to clean their litter box.
You need to use a shovel to clean it.
Some cats like to stay clean.

Penguins
Penguins
Penguins can jump.
Penguins can swim.
Penguins can walk.
Penguins can wave.
Penguins.

All About Summer
I like to drive everywhere in the summer.
I like to go swimming.
I like to go to Wonderland.
Riding roller coasters is fun.
The more roller coasters, the better.
This is camping.
Playing at the park is fun.
Kids like to play on the monkey bars.
In the summmer, we have time to play.

Imagination
Let your Imagination rome free.
Let it be free,
or it will die.
Don't let others rule your life.
Drive off to adventure.
Find the keys to adventure.
It's ok to be different.
Be what ever you want to be.
Let it fly!!!!!!!!
Don't ruin your life.
Be cool!
Be a Hero.
Don't let it sink to the bottom.
Here are some final words of advice.
Never talk to strangers.
Beware of aliens.
Hangout with friends.
Make friends.
Crime doesn't pay.
Hold your ground.
Help old people.
Play nice.
Don't get caught.
Drive in style.
Get a cute girl friend.
Have fun.
Penguins are cool.
Have Fun.

Latin Comparatives-Megan Parnell
feles celer
feles celerior
feles celerrimus
globus rotundus
globus rotundior
globus rotundissimus
discipula acerba
discipula acerbior
discipula acerbissima
astrum fervidum
astrum fervidius
astrum fervidissimum
puella morosa
puella morosior
vir morosissimus
donum bonum
donum melius
donum optimum

Elmo's Bad Dream
Elmo is hiding.
He had a bad dream. Someone was trying to get him.
He tried to run away, but he fell down.
He ended up hanging from a tree.
He tried to run away, but he fell down.
He ended up hanging from the clothes line.
He tried to run away, but he fell down.
He ended up hanging from the ceiling.
He tried to run away, but he fell down.
He ended up hanging from the telephone line.
He tried to run away, but he fell down.
Elmo finally woke up.  He was okay, but
Elmo is hiding anyway!

Don't Say Fart!
Don't say, "Fart"!
Try,"Tush tickler."
Or,"Duck call."
Maybe, "Blanket bomb."
Try, "Talking pants."
Or, "Low flying jet."
Maybe, "Butt trumpet."
Just don't say, "Fart"!

BEAUTIFUL BUTTERFLIES by Kelly
This beautiful green swallowtail butterfly flashes in the sunlight.
This butterfly is red.
This butterfly is brilliant blue.
This butterfly is stuck in the web.
This butterfly is bright. flashing red.
Butterflies like hanging around flowers.
This butterfly is pretty in pink, purple and black.
This butterfly is spotty.
This butterfly is blue and brown.
This butterfly is blue and black.
Butterflies are beautiful. The end.

EFL Classroom- chae eun
If someone moves his head up and down, what does it mean to you?
"No"
or "yes"?
Nodding the head up and down means...
"yes" in Western Europe 
and the United States,
but "no" in Greece and Turkey.
The "thumbs-up"  means "excellent" in the United States,
while it is an insult in parts of Africa.
Tapping the head with the indes finger in parts of South America 
means "I"m thinking hard,"
while in Holland it means "That's crazy."
To point a finger at someone is OK in Canada, while it's bad in Korea.

Cupcakes are...
yummy
blue
pink and white
beautiful
diamonds
different

I Love The Beach! by Albanie
I like the color of the water.
This seal is cute.
The tide is rushing in.
I love the pretty colors of the sunset.
It's a beautiful day to go to the beach.
The starfish are dancing.
I have a silly band that looks like this clam shell.
All of these shells are beautiful.
This is how i can take the beach home with me.

Trip to Washington DC
One day I went to Washington, DC and I saw a fountain.
And then the hotel gave us a fish named Goldy.
And then we saw Washington Memorial.
And then me and Daddy saw a pond.
And I saw fireworks.
Then my daddy's eyes was hurting.
And I saw a tiger.
And I saw an elephant.
And I saw an iguana.
And I saw a komodo dragon.
And I saw a gorilla.
And I saw a monkey.
And I saw pandas.

My Favorite Sports
I play soccer in the spring.
I play baseball in the summer.
I play football in the fall.
I wrestle in the winter.
I love being strong and healthy.

Dogs
Dogs
Is he cute?
You found me!
Aren't we funny?

Kung Fu Fight
They are training by a beach.
He does a flying side kick over a cliff.
It is the Beijing tournament.
Aaaaaaaaa! My foot!
It's a fight!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh that's a high kick.
This is the best ninja book.
I want to try this.
mpossible to do!
She looks funny.

Money Math
I made 436 dollars by cutting the grass.
Then I spent 280 dollars to buy an IPod touch.
I went to Wal-Mart and I bought a 99 dollar bike. Then I had 57 dollars.
Then the next year I got 2,999 dollars and nine cents. I worked at Pepsi by putting boxes away at stores.
I bought a toy helicopter.
I still had 2,700 dollars. Then I also bought another helicopter. Both of them together cost 58 dollars.
Then I quit the job and went to the movie theater.
I worked there for 4 years and made 6,854 dollars and 99 cents.
Then I stopped spending my money and instead I bought a big house that cost 3,000 dollars.
How much money do I have now?
Does your money fly out of your pocket?

Nanoscope
I wanted to get a Nanoscope.
But I didn't have enough money.
So I had to wait till my friends got home cause I took care of their pets.
I still didn't get paid but I earned the money another way and got one.
My favorite Nanovor is Plasma Lash 1.0 (I have one).
My friend Justin wanted me to get him a blaze dragon Nanovor. So I'm still trying to get him one but I'll be done soon.

Darren's Postcard Story
Darren's Postcard Story
My name is Darren and I am going to write a story this summer on the back of postcards.
I really like dolphins and the ocean.
The dolphin is happy.
I can see a squid over there!
What else can I see in the ocean? A whale? Boats?
I can see a pirate ship.
I can also see a hurricane! Watch out, pirates!
The pirate ship did not sink. That was lucky.
The pirate ships are fighting for justice and the good guys won!
The good guys celebrate with fireworks.
The ships are in a storm. They got sunk by waves and the pirates are dead.
The good guys made it through the storm and big waves. They sailed off into the sunset.
They came to an island with palm trees and coconuts. Should they land? What else might be on the island?
Oh, no! I see a monster flying behind me. I stabbed him in his face. I got him. He went away.
Then the wave got the monster.
It was a really big wave!
Then a star came and a voice said I like you.
Jesus is happy. This seems to be a good island.
There is a cove for swimming and fishing.
There are so many fish it will be easy to catch them for dinner.
There are palm trees for coconuts.
I can climb the trees and knock down the coconuts.
I can drink their milk and eat the sweet insides.
I made a hut out of grass so I can stay dry when it rains.
It can really rain a lot! There are some terrible storms.
Storms with lots of lightening!
But the storms don't last long. I love rainbows.
What should I do, should I stay and live on this island or sail away for more adventures?
The monster is dead, the island is safe. I think I will sail away with Jack Sparrow.
Jack Sparrow will have some ideas about adventures.
I will have fun!
Oh, no! What was that? The alarm is going off! Is summer done already?!
Time to pack up those backpacks and lunch boxes.
Time to hop on a bus, ride in a car or walk to school!
Darren did an awesome job writing this story!

Tigers
Look at it.
Tigers are cool.
Tigers are not 
good.
Tigers
are
bad.
Tigers are bad!
Two tigers.
Cool tiger.
I like this.
Look, a tiger.
Good.
Good tiger.
Look.
Down, tiger.
Old tiger.
Bad tigers.
Tigers can be good, and tigers can be bad.
Another old tiger.
More bad tigers.
A boy and girl tiger.
A cool tiger.

Autumn
Fall is such a beautiful season.
Days get really short.
It's a working season. It feels like all we are doing is raking up the leaves!
Also it's a lot of fun because you get to jump into piles of leaves.
Yay! Thanksgiving time.
Thanksgiving time is also very yummy, too.
Yum, turkey!
More work!
It's very chilly!
Jack Frost is near.
Winter is also very pretty, but I'm not getting into that story.

Dogs Play Outside
I'm Lovin' this!
We're going for a ride.
I'm looking for some dog food.
I'm just going for a walk.
Look at my weird face!
I have my coat on.  Can we go for a walk now?

Blackbird
This is the engine.
This is the engine when it is done.
This is the old blackbird.
This blackbird is in a museum.
This is really cool!
The blackbird is being stored in a garage so it doesn't rust.
Right now the blackbird is preparing for take off!
It is flying in the sky to drop a bomb in the war.
In order to complete the next mission, the blackbird needs to be repaired!
Right now the blackbird is getting ready to take off into the air.
Blackbirds are cool!

Chocolate!
Do dogs like chocolate?
NO!
I love chocolate!
I love M&Ms because they are crunchy on the outside!
I would make a big heart out of M&Ms.
I like chocolate cake because it has a lot of chocolate!
I love that chocolate!
Mmm! Chocolate is delicious!

Duckies
I love these ducks.
You can carry baby ducks.
Let's get something to eat.
I really like you.
Ducks swim in the water.

Bumble Bees
Bumble Bees
Bees drink nectar from flowers. YUM!
Bees have 6 legs. They crawl.
Bees can sting. OUCH!
Bees have homes.
Bees have wings.  They go BUZZZZZZZ!
Bees work hard.
Bees make honey. YUMMY!
Bees are insects.  Bees are great!

The Greatest Touchdown
I am on a team called the Red Jays.
It was our last game.
We were playing the Jaguars.
The score was 15 to 19.
I was wide receiver.
We had to get this last shot.
The quarterback passed to me.
I got the football.
I ran so fast I made the touch down and we won.
The score was 24 to 19.

Dogs and Cats Have Fun Time
These puppies are brothers.
This cat and dog look like they are watching TV together.
This cat is white and furry.
This cat is in a box.
This dog likes to go for walks.
This cat looks like it has a mouse chew toy.
This dog is watching quite carefully.
This cat is having fun chasing a red laser dot. This cat looks happy.
This cat is really happy and purring contentedly.
These cats climbed on top of their play station.
This dog is hot!

Farm Animals
There are many animals on a farm.
A rooster says, "Cock-a-doodle-doo!" to wake up the farm.
Cows give the farmer milk.
Chickens give the farmer eggs.
Horses help around the farm too.
Sheep like to eat grass.
Pigs eat lots of food.
You might even see a cat!
There are many neat animals on a farm.

Don't Ever Give Up
When it seems you will never get out.
When bad times seem like they will never end.
Don't Give Up,
When your body hurts,
And things are broken.
Remember, someone is watching you and may need someone like you to give them hope.
So don't you EVER give up!

Mummy is Great!
This is my mummy.
Her job is to help the doctor work on feet.
I love my mum very much.
She took care of me when I was teensy.
Now Mummy drives me places,
and she videos all of my shows.
She always cheers on Tori and me,
and she also helps me do Algebra!
I love my mummy!

Balls Are Fun!
Balls Are Fun!
I can bat a ball.
I can catch a ball.
Balls are fun!
I can kick a ball.
I can score a goal.
Balls are fun!

Trucks
Trucks
There are old trucks.
There are big trucks.
They are called semis.
This is a tow truck.
This is what the engine looks like.
Monster trucks are my favourite kind of truck.
Because they are the biggest and the loudest!
Look at the tires on this monster truck!
There are LOTS of different kinds of trucks.

Fireman's Thank You
Thank you for letting us come to your fire station.
We love that you took the time to give us a tour.
Seeing the inside of the ambulance was fun.
Hopping up in the engine was great.
Thanks for the red fire hats,
and the mood pencils.
You guys are awesome!
We'd love to come again.

Animals at the Zoo
I am hanging out with a chimpanzee at the zoo.
This blue poison dart frog is like a work of art.
This gorilla is looking at you so you had better behave!
Would you like to kiss this giraffe's mug?
This polar bear is playing under water.
This tiny monkey is sleeping peacefully in the middle of the beach.
This red fellow is staring straight at you!
Hey, you are short!

lagunen artean
Bazen behin eskola batean...
mutil batzuk
eta neska batzuk
irteerak egiten
batzutan banaka ikasten
beste batzutan taldeka
gauzak elkarbanatzen
baina beti lagunen artean

My Cats
Look who is on the couch being playful!
It looks like Oliver has spied a prey.
This is one scary cat named Sterling!
This cat is staring into my soul!
Sorry mouse, you are lunch!
This cat is watching the sky carefully for prey.
We are on our honeymoon in Cat Heaven!
I want your blood!
I wish I got the top shelf; it's not fair!
Next stop is Kittyville!
Hmm, I'm looking for some good cat chow!
I said,"Back off!"
I'm just having a good Coca Cola!

Four Wheelers
Four Wheelers. By Kyle Smart.
They are fun to ride!
You can go mudding.
It's really messy though.
It's fun getting dirty!
I like to take them places.
I like to jump the hills as fast as I can go.
Taking a break every once in a while is good.
I like to race my dad on the four wheeler.
I like to do donuts in the snow.
But I crashed in the grass trying.
I tried to do this once too.
There are a lot of cool tricks.
This one would be fun to do.
I've done this trick too!
I've done almost all the tricks I can think of.
The End!

My Friend is a Frog
My Friend is a Frog
My friend is a frog and his name is Undertaker.
He is a very nice, green frog.
We like to play in the pond. Our favorite game is Smackdown.
We also love to play hide and seek. I always win!
My friend eats flies...
While I'm eating bologna sandwiches.
At the end of the day, we like to watch t.v.

Things that fFly
Airplanes fly in the sky.
Birds fly in the sky.
Bats fly in the sky.
Butterflies fly in the sky.
Kites fly in the sky.
I wish that I could fly in the sky.

Iron Man is Cool!
I went to the movies with my mom and my brother.
We saw Iron Man 2.
It was cool.
Iron man had a red and yellow suit.
I like his silver suit too.
There was a lot of talking.
I wish there was more action.
Overall, it was a good movie.
Iron Man is cool!

Justin Bieber
This is what my story is about.
He is a good singer.
He is cute.
I wish he would call me.
He has a good guitar.
He has good moves.
He jumps a lot.

Horses
Look at the horses' family.
Horses love to play in the water too.
Horses are so pretty.
People love riding on horses, but they can't ride on us.
Horses love eating grass. Let's play now.

Mighty Beanz
They can flip.
They have different faces.
Some of them are rare.
They look weird.

The Walrus
Walruses live in the sea.
You can also see walruses at an aquarium.
They would love to see you wave to them.
People sometimes hunt walruses for their fat and for food.
Walruses live in cold places.
They like to be with other walruses.
Walruses are very big.
They like to swim in cold water.
They have very long tusks.
Walruses can be very silly.

Rainbows Are Cool
She has a rainbow.
There is a rainbow in the sky.
After the rain, you can see a rainbow.
The sun shines through a prism and makes a rainbow.
A rainbow can go on your skin.
You can make a rainbow with candy.
This rainbow candy looks like a boy.
Dice can make a rainbow.
Rainbows can be anywhere.

Building a Service Station
This is what the old service station looked like. I am going to re-build.
It is a very old station that needs some work.
This loader is scooping up dirt and putting into the truck.
This is a car wash.
The diggers are digging the hole.
Time to bring the supplies over to the site.
It was dropped off.
This is what the finished product looked like. THE END

Join the Empire! We Have Cookies
Join the Empire.
Get great pay.
Meet the love of your life.
Wear cool uniforms.
Enjoy exciting new lands.
Learn new and enjoyable hobbies.
Get your eyes checked with the Empires great health plan.
Its even a great place to raise a family.
Enjoy our great cafeteria!
So join the Empire. It rocks.

Box Ball
At Bright Horizons, our favorite game is called BoxBall.
We start with 4 players.
We choose a corner.
You have to bounce the ball into the other person's corner.
It must stay in their box or corner.
If you miss their corner, you're out!
When we are out, we are not happy!
But, I am good at throwing so I usually win.

Grains Food Group
Bread is in the grains food group.
Bagels are in the grains food group.
Cereal is in the grains food group.
Muffins are in the grains food group.
Waffles are in the grains food group.
Oatmeal is in the grains food group.
Pancakes are in the grains food group.

Oils and Fats
Butter is in the oil and fat food group.
Olive oil is in the oil and fat food group.
Corn oil is in the oil and fat food group.
Peanuts are in the oil and fat food group.
Walnuts are in the oil and fat food group.

Devin, How Many?
Devin, how many blue marbles are there?
There is one blue marble.
Devin, how many birds are on the branch?
There are two birds.
Devin, how many toys are there?
There are three toys.
Devin, how many trees are there?
There are four trees.
Devin, how many chairs are there?
There are five chairs.
Devin, how many pencils are there?
There are six pencils.
Devin, how many marbles are there?
There are seven marbles.
Devin, how many arms does the man have?
He has eight arms!
Devin, how many shoes are there?
There are nine shoes.
Devin, how many red ornaments are there?
There are ten red ornaments.
Devin, you are awesome!

About Rain
Clouds come.
Rain falls.
Rain stops.
Clouds go.
Sun shines.
Flowers grow.
What comes?
Clouds.
What falls?
Rain.
What stops?
Rain.
What goes?
Clouds.
What shines?
The sun.
What grows?
Flowers.

Sunrise Lake
We went on a field trip to Sunrise Lake.
First, we did some archery.
Here's Eugene shooting the bow and arrow.
Next, we went boating.
Everyone had to wear a life jacket!
Then we cooked some hot dogs over the fire.
After lunch, we went fishing, but first we had to find some worms.
Vlad waited patiently as Mr. Black put on the worm.
Then we put it in the water and waited for the fish.
Last, was the challenge course.
We had to walk up the boards.
Then, we climbed on the ropes.
Last, we walked across the bridge.
We had so much fun, maybe we can go next year.

puzzles
I like puzzles.
I like doll puzzles
I like middle first.
I like to do puzzles alone.
I like my map puzzle best.

Franz Joseph Haydn
Franz Joseph Haydn was a famous composer.  A composer is someone who writes music.
He became known as the "Father of the Symphony".
Haydn was born in the small town of Rohrau, Austria on March 31st, 1736.
When he was 8, Joseph (he didn't like to be called Franz) moved to Vienna.
He moved so he could sing in the choir in St. Stephan's Cathedral.
His little brother, Michael, soon joined him.
Joseph was a real joker and got in trouble a lot at school.
Michael was much better behaved.
Everyone thought He would be the famous musician.
They were wrong.
At first, Joseph Haydn was very poor because no one was hiring him to write music.
Then he was hired by a very rich family with the name of Esterhazy.
Haydn composed symphonies, operas, string quartets, and all kinds of other music for performance at the Esterhazy court.
Haydn Wrote 104 Symphonies.  That's a lot!
Haydn didn't like it when people would fall asleep during his music.
It made him sad.
So he wrote the "Surprise Symphony".
It started out quiet.
Then got very loud.
Everyone was very surprised!
Joseph Haydn died on May 31st, 1809.  He was 73 years old.
Even though he lived over 200 years ago, he is still considered one of the best composers ever!

I love Kittens
Kittens make great pets.
Kittens can snuggle and play.
Kittens love to snuggle.
It is gross to see kittens kiss.
I wouldn't fight if i were a kitten.
Kittens can be all different colors.
Kittens like to play fight.
Cats have more than one baby.

My Butterfly Book
My Caterpillar Book
First he was a tiny egg on a leaf.
When the egg hatched, out popped a caterpillar.
The caterpillar was very hungry.
First he ate a lot of fruit.
Then he ate a great, big dessert.
After his big meal, the caterpillar rolled into a cocoon for a nice long nap.
Amazing changes happened inside the cocoon. The caterpillar turns into a butterfly!

Hamsters
Hamsters can be cute and cuddly.
They can also escape. So be careful!
Hamsters will hide from you if they are scared.
Just make sure you don't scare them too much!
Hamsters are nocturnal.
They are very small and cute.
The less hamsters bite the older they are.
Hamsters run on exercise wheels.
Hamsters store food in there cheeks.
Hamsters are fun to play with but maybe try not to dress them up.

Letter L
L is for leaves.
L is for lobster.
L is for lunch.
L is for lips.
L is for lion.
L is for leaves.
L is for lockers.
L is for lake.
L is for loon.
L is for light saber.

Asa's Space Book
The earth is by the sun.
Lego space ships are cool.
Space legos are fun.
Space goes in circles.
Planets are in space.
The sky sparkles.
It has lots of colors.
It looks cool.

Brad Pitt!
Brad Pitt is famous.
Brad Pitt is in numerous movies.
You can see Brad Pitt in different magazines, too, like Rolling Stone magazine.
Brad Pitt is married to Angelina Jolie.
Brad has a lot of fans.
One movie Brad Pitt stars in is "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button."
Brad does not do as many movies as he did fifteen years ago.
Even though he does not act much anymore, he is still recognized everywhere!

My Book about Sharks
My book about sharks.
Sharks are beautiful.
Sharks live in the ocean.
Sharks are good
swimmers.
Sharks have lots of teeth.
Sharks have white bellies.
Sharks like to eat meat.
Sharks have a big fin on their back.
The End.

Four-Wheeling
Four-wheelers are cool!
Four-wheelers are very fast.
Four-wheelers can be used for many reasons.
They can be used for carrying big things.
Four-wheelers are also lots of fun!
You always have to be careful on four-wheelers.
If you aren't careful, you could get hurt.
Four-wheelers are very dangerous.
You should always wear a helmet when you are riding a four-wheeler.
Also, wear all of the recommended protected clothing.
Some of the protective clothes include gloves, boots, and chest protectors.
Four-wheeling is very fun!
You should try it one day!

Ocean Life
Some ocean life lives on the bottom.
Some ocean life lives on the top.
Some ocean animals are big.
Some fish are small.
Some fish are kind.
Some fish are not!
This is a clown fish in it's home.
This is a type of shark called a tiger shark.
This is a jellyfish.
This is like a neighborhood for fish, called a coral reef.
Many types of fish like to swim around in groups called schools.
If you like looking at fish, you can go swimming with them like this diver.
Learning about ocean life is fun.

I Need To Sleep
"Shush!"
The birds need to sleep.
Dads need to sleep.
Cows need to sleep too.
Mom needs peace and quiet.
Ducks sometimes need to shush and sleep.

Chelsea likes Scott's Creek
I used to live in Camperdown. My Gran's house was not big enough.
We moved to a different house. We moved to Scott's Creek so we could have enough grass for our horses.
We have four horses. Their names are Cherakee, Magoo, Mav and Charlie.
We jumped over poles when we went to pony club.
We go to Timboon to shop for groceries.
Charlie, my horse, is nice and gentle, so I ride him to the pony club.
I feed Charlie with horse feed which has oats and carrots.
I love Living in Scott's Creek.

GRAFFITI ART
The Beginning
This is art.
This is colorful.
This is on a wall.
This is cool.
This is mad.
Awesome Feathers!
This is on the fence.
This is near a train station.
This picture was taken at night.
This is a lot of graffiti.
These are on the side of the buildings.
This is in the ghetto.
This is really colorful.
This is someones "Tag".
This graffiti is above the buildings.
Graffiti portrait.

life of animals
Here is psycho frog.
Here are two horses and two people.
Snug as a bug!
Three little fat puppies!
Can you see me?
Hello!
Don't touch me!
Riding free.
Back off beef cake!
Ouch!
Spiky!
Three penguin's dancing.
I'm going to get you!
I'm sleepy...
I can hear something?
I'm going to kiss you.

Bike Stunts
This stunt is called the Superman!
This stunt is called the No-Hander.
This stunt man is doing a back flip.
This is a back flip one footer.
This BMX rider is doing a jump.
His number is one.
This guy is doing a jump off a building.
This stunt is called a whip.
This guy is going really fast over a jump.
This guy is doing a back flip over a jump.

CHOPPERS
This bike is black.
This bike is a chopper.
This bike is orange.
This bike has two wheels.
This bike is red.
This is a brown chopper.
This bike has three wheels.
This bike is green.
On display at a bike show.

The Cattle Drive
It is May and time to take the cattle to Texas to sell.
"Okay boys, let's round them up!"
"This will take a few days, we need more cowboys to help."
"I don't have a horse, but I can round them up on my motorcycle!"
"I'll sign up for your cattle drive if I can bring my dog Buster!"
"Come on Buster, we're going on a cattle drive!"
Buster and Roy get to work rounding up the cattle.
"Looks like we have them all."  Five hundred head of cattle are going to Texas.
"Head them up and move them out!"
"Let's try to get as far as the Red River today."
"We made it, the cattle can get a good drink and we'll cross the river tomorrow."
"Go back and make sure there aren't any calves that got lost from their mothers."
Buster found this little guy on the other side of the river.
"He is back with his mother now."
"Okay, we need to keep them moving because it is supposed to rain later."
"Don't let the cattle get spooked by the thunder."
"The rain is coming down so hard, keep the cattle together!"
Amarillo is the end of the road for the cattle drive.
"Take them down main street fellas!"
Everyone was pointing at the longhorn cattle.
It was like a parade with all the kids watching.
Time to turn the corner to the stock yards.
"We're almost there."
Everyone can rest now.
It's time to head back home.
"Come on Buster, there's no place like home!"

Many, Many Birds
Birds are fascinating.
There are lots of different birds.
Birds use their wings to fly.
Some birds like to use their feet to eat.
Others use their beak.
Birds will look out and care for one another.
Some birds can get really big.
They can be small, too.
Birds can be very colorful.
Some birds like to swim.
Birds sometimes have big eyes to see far away.
Birds are beautiful!
All birds amaze me, how about you?

A Turtles Life
A Turtles Life
This is a turtle nest.
Turtles come from eggs.
Turtles are born with their shells.
Turtles grow all different sizes.
Turtles can grow very big.
Turtles like to make friends.
Turtles can make good pets.
Turtles do not walk very fast.
Turtles eat fruit, vegetables and...
plants!
Turtles hide in their shells when they get scared.
Turtles like to keep warm in the sun.
Turtles like to swim.
Turtles like to play piggy back.
Turtles like to stare.
Turtles sleep with their eyes closed. Goodnight!

The Alphabet Of Animals
A is for armidillo.
B is for bever.
C is for cat.
D is for dog.
E is for eliphant.
F is for frog.
G is for giraffe.
H is for hedgehog.
I is for inch worm.
J is for junebug.
K is for kangaroo.
L is for lion.
M is for monkey.
N is for newt.
O is for octopus.
P is for panther.
Q is for quail.
R is for rhino.
S is for snake.
T is for turtle.
U is for unicorn.
v is for vulture.
W is for whale.
X is for x.
Y is for yak.
Z is for zebra.

RUFUS AND RUBY
RUFUS AND RUBY
It was early spring and Rufus was getting ready to make his long journey from Mexico.
Rufus was a beautiful copper colored hummingbird.
His feathers glistened like a bright new penny.
All the other birds were envious of his beautiful colors.
They also knew Rufus was the best scout.
He was able to go long distances and find the best nectar
and nesting places.
One morning he flew off.
He told all the other hummingbirds he would be back to let them know where to go.
Ruby, who was a red breasted hummingbird,was just as lovely.
She decided she was not going to wait for Rufus to return.
She thought she was just as capable of finding sweet nectar as Rufus.
She set off on her own.
She decided she would head north.
She hadn't gone very far when she came across a wall of trumpet vines.
They were loaded with beautiful little red trumpet flowers.
The sweetness of the flowers made Ruby's head spin.
She was in heaven.
She was so busy fluttering from flower to flower,
she did not notice the smokey gray cat watching her every move.
Ruby saw him from the corner of her eye
ready to pounce.
She froze in fear.
Lucky for her, a very large black bird,
protecting her nest, chased the cat away.
Ruby was so frightened by her close call;
she flew off not knowing what direction she was going.
Ruby was not an experienced scout and had no idea where she was.
She wished she would have listened to Rufus
and waited with the others for his return.
Ruby found a tree where she felt safe.
She perched in the shelter of its branches and began to cry.
Suddenly, she heard a familiar buzzing.
Could it be? Yes! It was Rufus! He had come after her.
She was so happy to see him. She flew to him.
They circled each other several times.
I'm so sorry she said.
Rufus said I could have never gone without you Ruby.
Together they caught up with the others.
Rufus led them to the best flowers and the sweetest nectar.
They even found a home with a nice lady named Barbara.
She would give them fresh sweet water every morning.
They stayed with her until it was time to return to Mexico.
Ruby and Rufus raised a beautiful family together
at the home of the nice lady.
Ruby promised she would never leave Rufus again.
Dedicated to my mother and father and their love of hummingbirds.
THE END

Devin buys chips at the bowling alley
When I go bowling, I can buy chips!
First, I put money in.
Next, I push the buttons.
Then, I take my chips out.
Yum!

The Letter Xx
The letter X
X is for X-ray.
X is for xylophone.
X is for x-ray fish.
Some words end with the letter X, like fox.
Box ends with the letter x.
So does six.

Gliders and Flight
Gliders and Flight
Gliders do not have engines.
They are modeled after birds of flight.
They soar silently in the sky.
Gliders are towed by airplane or truck.
Gliders can glide for 97 kilometers.
There are four forces at work to keep it in the air.
Lift to carry its weight; thrust to move and slow down drag.
Drag is resistance (like the feel of your hand out a moving car window).
Warm air from the sun keeps it in the air for a long time.
Let's glide.

Thunder   Boomers
The thunder boomers.
In storms we hear thunder.
In storms we see clouds.
In storms we see lightning.
In storms we see stratus clouds.
In storms we see rainbows.
Hooray!  It is raining!

Yoga for Kids
Yoga is a great way to exercise and relax!
Find a quiet, still spot and breathe.
Stretch and think calm thoughts.
Then, stretch some more. Stretching feels so good.
This is a cat doing a down dog.
This is a person doing a tree pose.
We can do yoga on Wii Fit.
Be Still....Explore the possibilities.

Summer
What do we see in summer?
We see baseball games in summer.
We see water slides in summer.
We see bikes in summer.
We see lawn mowers in summer.
We see boats in summer.
We see pools in summer.
We see tents in summer.
We see storms in summer.
We see flowers in summer.
There is so much to see in summer.

oceans
Oceans
This seal is cute.
This is a killer whale.
Sharks eat fish.
The fish are together.
They live in the Arctic.
A Crab has a hard shell.
Sea turtles are in the ocean.
Lobsters were in the ocean.
The whales are in the ocean.
The fish are in
the water.
The sea
 horse is in the ocean.
A starfish is on the beach.
The End.

CELEBRATING THE 4TH OF JULY
Today is Independence day.
Fairly and friends celebrating together.
Lots of variety of foods to eat.
Enjoying the hot summer day on the fourth of July.
Family and friends having fun at a local carnival.
People often enjoy playing games and cookouts.
At night we gather together to enjoy the fireworks and celebrate our freedom.

The Veterinarian
The Veterinarian
This is a veterinarian. She takes care of animals when they are sick.
Veterinarians take care of all kinds of animals. They take care of dogs.
Veterinarians take care of cats.
Veterinarians take care of animals at the zoo, like monkeys.
Veterinarians take care of zoo animals, like lions.
Veterinarians can also take care of animals on a farm, like horses.
Veterinarians take care of sheep. They live on farms.
These animals live on a farm. Do you know what they are?
Do you think a veterinarian could help a sick pig?
It is good to have veterinarians, so that our animals can be healthy and happy!

Independence Day
Independence Day.
We celebrate freedom all over the world.
In the United States we celebrate on the fourth of July.
Our flag is a symbol that represents our freedom as a country.
We celebrate with fireworks.
We celebrate with cookouts and parties.

Ice Cream Land by Ben H.
Come on let's go to ice cream land.
It's chocolate.  Doesn't it look creamy?
Let's take two of them.
This one has sprinkles, lots of sprinkles.
This one is pink.
Let's have a sandwich.
Let's have it.  It looks good.
Happy Birthday - it's the cake.
This one looks really, really good.
This one is Japanese.
Look, some ice cream.
Sure, the cat can have some too.
Look, my friend Jerry and I made some ice cream.
We can have a waffle and and ice cream at the same time.  It's a miracle.
This one's big.
This one's pretty.
Let's have some more.
Let's go crazy.
These look good.
This one is pure sugar.
Let's play with our ice cream.
This one has big sprinkles.
Let's stop at the Dairy Queen.
Put it all together and I'm almost satisfied.

Fighting  Fires
EMTs save lives.
This truck is very  old.
This truck is rescue 30.
Responding to a call.
Help there's a fire!
Responding.
On the scene.
Fire downtown.
Hazmat on the  way.
Emergency at  the airport.
Fire!

SoftBall Rocks
You've got to run to be safe.
Then you get a prize.
You've got to catch it to get an out.
Dive and you will catch the ball.
Slide and you will be safe and not out.
Pitch some strikes and they will be out.
Catch some balls and get an out with your glove.
Hit the ball hard for a home run.
Throw hard to get your last out at first.

Puppies
Tired puppy.
Say Cheese!
Hide me.
Shy puppy.
Which way is home?
It is a great day for a walk on the beach.
Can he come in? It is cold.
Leave him alone, he is trying to sleep.
She can fly.
Give me a kiss.
That is my toy.
Don`t land on him.
Where is my friend?
There he is.
What are you looking at?
Hey, what does he have? An itch.
It is a sunny day.
They had a big day.
He has a long nose.

War has Invaded
War has started.
War is our fate.
War is our safety.
War is our freedom.
Many people have died.
But we have more power.
And we shall win.

Dogs  with many Personalities
This golden retriever is very serious.
This dog is playing dress up.
This pug is puckered up.
These dogs are having a bad hair day.
He's ready to play tennis.
He's got one big slobbery kiss.
He's ready to listen.
You better leave him alone, he's working.
It's story time.
Bring it on.
This dog thinks she's a toy.
This dog sees everything upside down.
She needs a hair cut.
They're going to the beach.
He's ready to sniff.
She's going on a date.
He took a bath.
Good night,see you later.

Crazy Cats
Some cats stare.
Some cats jump.
Some cats clean.
Some cats dress  up.
Some cats wrestle.
Some cats blend  in.
Some cats like to play.
High five bud.
Ho ho.
Some cats like water.

Snowmobiles
A snowmobile is jumping.
He is crazy.
He is flying.
He is doing a wheelie.
That is a lot of snowmobiles.
He is doing a back flip.
He is flying.
Time for a pit stop.
He's stuck.

Some Weird Cats
Some cats like to sleep in weird places.
Some cats like to dance.
Some cats are frisky.
What is this thing over here.
Look at me I'm driving in a car.
Get out of my house cat.
Oh ya, living the dream here.
I'm not scared of you dog.
This is a cats life.
Ha, give that back.
Were did all my people go.
Hey look at us we are playing some music.
Hey just let me outside.
Do we have to do this again.
Why don't you just leave me alone.
This is getting interesting.
Bye bye everyone.

Antelope
Some  antelopes  like  to  dance.
Some  are  shy.
Some  are  on  alert.
Some  stay  together.
Some  are  tough.
Some  are  cool.
Some  stay  close  to  mom.
Some  like  to stay  alive.
Some  are  looking  in your  direction.
Some  are tiny.
Some  are  hungry.
Some  are  sleepy.
Some  have  crazy  hair.
Some  are  gaining  weight.

Pandas
Some pandas sleep in trees.
Some pandas like to cuddle.
Some pandas just like to be lazy.
Some pandas like to be watch pandas.
Some pandas don't like taking baths.
"Stay  still."
"Who's there?"
"I'm gonna win."
Some pillows are just everywhere.
I'm tired.
Me and my ball in the canoe.
Showing off my pearly whites!

Crazy Cats
Crazy cats yawn.
Crazy cats dance.
Crazy cats stare.
Crazy cats hug.
Crazy cats read.
Crazy cats growl.
Crazy cats play guitar.
Crazy cats skate.

Field Day 2010
We had a field day!
We ran races.
We tried hard.
We got medals.
We spent time with our friends.
We made new friends.
It was a lot of fun!

Dear Zoo by Rod Campbell
Dear Zoo
I wrote to the zoo to send me a pet.
They sent me an ...
Elephant. He was too big! I sent him back.
So they sent me a ...
Giraffe! He was too tall. I sent him back.
So they sent me a ...
Lion. He was too fierce! I sent him back.
So they sent me a ...
Camel. He was too grumpy! I sent him back.
So they sent me a ...
Snake! He was too scary! I sent him back.
So they sent me a ...
Monkey. He was too naughty! I sent him back.
So they sent me a ...
Frog. He was too jumpy! I sent him back.
So they thought very hard, and sent me a ...
Puppy! He was perfect! I kept him.

A Murder Mystery
A dark and stormy night.
A murder.
A victim.
Whodunit?
A detective.
A search for clues.
Fingerprints.
Gotcha.
A tearful witness.
A guilty verdict.
Justice is served.

Ride a Horse
I like to ride a horse,
but before I do...
I look for the horse.
I lead the horse.
I brush the horse.
I put a saddle on the horse.
I buckle the girth on the horse.
I pick the bridle that belongs to the horse.
The horse is ready, but am I?
I put on my helmet.
I am lifted up, up, up.
I am finally on the horse. Let's Ride!
My new friend, George.
My instructor, Sarah.
My sidewalker, Matt.
My photographer, Luke.

Creepy Bugs A to M
Ants starts with A. I don't like ants.
Yuk! Ants.
Beetles starts with B. I don't like beetles.
Yuk! Beetles.
Cockroach starts with C. I don't like cockroaches.
Yuk! Cockroaches.
Dust starts with D. I don't like dust mites.
Yuk! Dust mites.
Earwig starts with E. I don't like earwigs.
Yuk! Earwigs.
Flea starts with F. I don't like fleas.
Yuk! Fleas!
Grass starts with G. I don't like grass spiders.
Yuk! Grass spiders.
Hornet starts with H. I don't like hornets.
Yuk! Hornets.
Inchworm starts with I. I don't like inchworms.
Yuk! Inchworms.
Jassid starts with J. I don't like Jassids.
Yuk! Jassids.
Kissing starts with K. I don't like kissing bugs.
Yuk! Kissing bugs.
Locust starts with L. I don't like locusts.
Yuk! Locusts.
Mosquito starts with M. I don't like mosquitos.
Yuk! Mosquitos.
Is there a bug you don't like?
What letter does it start with?

In the Time of Dinosaurs
Long ago dinosaurs ruled the earth.
Long necks were called saurapods.
Saurapods were plant eaters. These herbivores were prey.
Carnivores were meat eaters. These carnivores were the predators.
Some dinosaurs had special horns and spiked tails for protection.
Why are the dinosaurs extinct?
People did not live at the time of the dinosaurs so we do not know what happened.
All that is left is their dino bones.
Scientists still dig up and study dinosaur bones!

Homeless Cats
This cat wants to go home with you.
This cat is white, black and furry.
This cat looks like he is listening carefully.
This cat is really tired and needs a cat nap.
This cat is still a kitten.
This cat is creeping me out!

Summer Fun
Summer Fun
Keylen likes Mickey Mouse.
Cheyenne will swim this summer.
Freddie will ride his scooter.
Kiya is going to Virgina on a plane.
Angela will play with her doll.
Sydney is going to visit family this summer.
DJ plays with his brother Ricky.
Gavin will swim in his pool this summer.
Dalton loves to swim in the summer.

Zain's Favorite Cars
I like the Nissan Versa because it is black.
I like the Hummer because it is green.
I like the Honda Pilot because it is brown.

Chipmunks
A new start!
It sure is hard to go rock climbing.
Blending in with my surroundings can come in handy.
Darn! Cops got me again!
I am posing for my picture!
Another pose? Well if you are going to take another one get my good side!
I must check my EMAIL!!!
WOW!!! Look at that view!
I see you!
Me and my buddy like to play.
DIE you flea! DIE!

Memorial Day
Memorial Day is a Holiday!!!
It is a day to honor veterans of wars.
It is celebrated the last Monday in May.

When I go to First Grade
When I go to first grade I am going to go to the Wood School.
This is my first grade classroom.
This is my first grade teacher Mrs. Tynan. She is very nice and is going to teach me lots of new things.
This is Mrs. Lopes. She will sometimes help me and my other friends in first grade.
This is the cafeteria. This is where I will eat my lunch with my friends.
Wow! This is the playground. This is where I will get to play for recess.
This is Mr. Munce. He will be my gym teacher at the Wood School.
Look at all those books! This is the library were I can go to look at and read lots of books.
I am so excited about going to first grade and going to my new school!!!

Our Trip to Wendy's
Our Trip to Wendy's
Chase and our peer partner, Chad, are looking at the orders.
Christian is very happy to be at Wendy's for lunch!
Xavier and our peer partner, Stephanie, are eating their lunch.
Jacob and our peer partner are enjoying their Frosties.
A few days after going to Wendy's, Eddie poses beneath the 8th grade school dance star.
We had a great time! THE END

Garden Flowers
Roses grow in a garden.
Violets grow in a garden.
Tulips grow in a garden.
These are mixed flowers in a garden.
Bees can be found in a garden.
Hummingbirds like gardens too!
I like to watch ladybugs in the garden.
I love to see all different types of insects in the garden.
Gardens make me smile!

Bruce the Dog
Bruce is a dog from the Teacher's Pet program. He was in the program to be trained.
He learned how to sit down.
He learned how to stay and come.
He learned to go down and roll over.
Bruce learned a lot in the Teacher's Pet Program. He was a good dog and a good pet. He was adopted by a nice lady.

All About Elephants
Elephants eat grass, branches, bark and leaves.
Elephants sleep standing up.
Sometimes baby elephants lie down to sleep.
Elephants live in herds.
They poop 80 pounds in one day.
They collect food with their trunks.
Only grown up ladies and their babies live in the herds.
Elephants need lots of room to roam and eat.

A Trip to the Zoo
Kittens are fuzzy.
When an iguana is scared it can break apart.
Iguanas grow big.
Bears have strong jaws.
Platypus is the only mammal that lays eggs.
Lizards are related to snakes.
Parrots are colorful birds.
The eagle is America's national bird.
Bears climb trees well.
Cobras use their poison or venom in two ways. They bite or spit.
Red salamanders are harmless.
Bears weigh more than 10 men.
Zebra's voices sound like horses.
Zebras are mammals.
All butterflies have different wings.
A guinea pig can run in a ball.
Stingrays are sharks.
Eagles are the strongest birds.
Tigers are related to cats.

Habitats
Habitats
A habitat is a smaller part of an ecosystem.
Some animals might have an island habitat.
They like to be on land and in the water.
Every group of animal has its own habitat. The ocean is a habitat for fish.
Oceans are also the habitat for whales. Whales and fish both live in the ocean and form a community.
If two animals in the same community need the same food, competition begins.
When there is competition for food, some species become predators and fight for food.
Other animals choose cooperation. Vultures wait until predators are done eating, then they eat the leftovers.
A bird might want to have trees in its habitat. They can build nests and leave their young to go hunt for food.
Some animals who like to walk around in the open might have a habitat on a hill, mountain, or valley.
There are many habitats for different animals. The world is full of places for animals to live.
Every species is important for a habitat to survive.

The Start of School
In the summer, I hang out with my family.
When summer is over I get to see all my friends from school again!
There will be new kids in my class, too.
I will have my own desk and supplies.
I will use lots of books and learn many new things.
I do art at school.
I can use paint, crayons, and markers of many colors.
Maybe I will have computer time to type or to play games.
I have snack time each day with my classmates.
I will learn counting in math.
We will do fun science experiments.
It is going to be fun at school.

Falling Down
Most things fall.
Water fall.
Balloons fall.
Boy fall.
Leaves fall.
Seeds fall.
Rain fall.
Snow fall.
Milk fall.
Cat fall.
Apple fall.
Strawberry fall.
What goes up.
Must come down.
And down.
And down.
And down.
Hmm!

Flowers are Art!
This cactus looks like a pinwheel.
These little blue flowers smell good.
This bumblebee is searching for pollen from the poppy.
This blue flower is like a work of art!
This orange hummingbird likes these clusters of small blue flowers.
This lotus flower has a little green mound in the center.
This fuzzy plant looks like a dinosaur cactus.
I see five purple buds and four stems.
This is a small, round, yellow flower button!
These dandelions are fun to blow!

Plants
We see plants everywhere.
The soil is a great place for plants to grow.
When we plant seeds, they begin to sprout.
The stem grows from the ground.
The leaf is attached to the stem.
These are some funny looking leaves!
Then the flower blooms. Sunflowers are my favorite.
This flower is purple.
The plants will need water and sunlight to live.
Then everyone will be able to enjoy them!

I Love Roller Coasters
Some roller coasters have blue tunnels that you go through.
This is where you get on and off at the station.
You go upside down on some roller coasters.
This is a big roller coaster.
These people are riding up the hill on a big roller coaster.
This is a scary roller coaster with lots of loop-de-loops.
Sometimes people put their arms up in the air when they go super fast.
This roller coaster has a complete circle.
This roller coaster goes through a hole and down a very steep hill.
This roller coaster goes through a big tunnel.
This roller coaster is at Disney World.
On this roller coaster, your feet hang down.
People love to ride scary roller coasters.
This roller coaster goes through water in a moat.
On this roller coaster it looks like you're in the mountains.
This one has a double loop.
This roller coaster has lights so you can ride at night.
The End.

All about Knights
Knights lived a long time ago.
These men were soldiers.
They had swords and shields.
They had lances.
They wore helmets on their heads.
They had crossbows.
They rode horses.
They had competitions.
They lived in castles.
Castles were made out of stone and rocks.
Knights took care of their families.
Some stories say that knights fought dragons.
Some stories say that wizards helped the knights.
King Arthur was a famous knight.
Excalibur was a famous sword.
The sword was stuck in a rock. Only King Arthur could pull it out.
Maybe it was magic.

Carrie Underwood
Carrie Underwood is my favorite singer.
She was born in 1983 in Oklahoma.
She became famous when she won the fourth season of American Idol.
Carrie has released three records.
Carrie has won many awards.
She has been on five tours.
She has also done some ads.
She can play the guitar and piano.
Carrie is a singer and an actress.
I really like Carrie Underwood.

Animal Jokes
What is an alligator's favorite game?
Snap!
What kind of animal says "OOM"?
A cow walking backwards!
What do you call a bear with no ears?
B
Why don't you want to play cards in the jungle?
There is too many cheetahs!
Why is a snail the strongest animal?
He carries his house on his back.
What kind of snake is good at math?
An adder!
What kind of animal is gray and squirts jelly at you?
A mouse eating a doughnut!
What happened to the cat that ate the wool?
She had mittens!
What time is it when an elephant sits on your fence?
Time to get a new fence!
What did one flea say to the other?
Do you want to walk, or should we take the dog?
I like jokes.
Do you?

Running
Running is very popular.
A lot of people like to run.
Running teams run on a track.
Different teams run in races against each other.
A relay is a race that has two or more people run that are on the same team.
Each team tries to reach the finish line first.
If you get there first, you win the race!
Sometimes, the winning team will receive a trophy.
The trophy shows everyone that the team won the race.

Girls
Girls like to daydream about the future.
Girls like to giggle and laugh.
Many girls like to go shopping.
Girls always like to look pretty. We look in mirrors when we can.
Other girls like to play sports like soccer and softball.
Girls like to have sleep-overs with their friends, and maybe eat some cupcakes!
Girls like to share secrets, too!
Many girls like singing to music on the radio.
Girls just want to have fun!

Hannah Montana
Hannah Montana is a singer, dancer, and actress.
She has made a lot of music.
She has a show on Disney Channel.
She even has a movie.
Many people like her. She has a lot of fans.
Some people like to wear Hannah Montana clothes.

Video Games
There are many types of video games and systems.
This is the Nintendo DSi.
This is Animal Crossing, a game for the DS system.
This is the XBOX 360.
This is the Nintendo Wii.
This is Super Mario Galaxy 2, a game for the Nintendo Wii.
Video Games are fun!

Learning About Animals
Learning About Animals By Mrs. Rodail's Class
Cheetahs are the fastest land animals over short distances.
Barracuda is the name of a family of fish.
Piranha are fish with sharp teeth.
Sometimes cats bite.
Crabs don't have backbones.
Some cats hiss.
Some seals feed on penguins.
Shrimp have two main parts to their bodies - a head and a chest.
Kittens come in different colors.
An eel is a fish that looks like a snake.
Tigers can swim.
Blue Jays have a noisy call.
Alligators have a lot of teeth.
Some baboons have long tails.
Butterflies have beautiful colorful wings.
A ray is a kind of fish closely related to sharks.
Butterfly bodies have fur.
Parrots are brightly colored birds.
Butterflies are different colors.

Geocaching
Geocaching is a high-tech treasure hunt.
Caches are containers hidden for others to find.
You use a GPS unit to help you find the cache.
Download caches to a GPS unit on geocaching.com.
Follow the GPS. It will point you to the cache.
The caches are well hidden.
Caches can be near buildings.
Often, they are found in logs.
Sometimes caches are small.
Sometimes caches are big.
Sometimes caches are round.
Geocaches have a log book or paper to write your name on.
It's fun to trade items in the cache.
Sometimes you find a trackable item called a travel bug.
Sometimes you find a trackable item called a geo-coin.
Geocaching is fun for people of all ages.
Even dogs like to geocache.
Minnesota State Parks have Wildlife Safari Critter caches.
Geocaching takes you to unusual places.
Places you may never see.
Places that are beautiful.
And, places that are wet.
Geocaching is fun for the whole family.
Give it a try, you may like it.

The Land of Tulips
Once upon a time there was a giant princess named Blossom who lived in an enchanted kingdom .
She loved flowers so much.
The flowers were all so beautiful in the land!
One day a fairy queen named Tianna came to visit the princess.
Queen Tianna told her the flowers were homes for the fairies and their families.
She told the princess that the flowers were in danger of being cut down
to make room for a parking lot for the King's horses and army stuff.
Princess Blossom became so upset that the beautiful gardens would be destroyed.
She went to her father, the King, to beg him to reconsider.
She told him of the families who lived in the flowers.
The King decided he would build it somewhere else
since he knew of his daughter's love for the flowers and the fairies.
Princess Blossom was so happy she began to run and kiss all the flowers!
The fairies were so happy, they decided to give Princess Blossom a special gift.
One night...
s the princess lay sleeping,
Queen Tianna and all the fairies performed magic
on all the flowers Princess Blossom kissed.
We call those flowers tulips.
Thanks to the princess and her love of flowers
there is much beauty and joy in the enchanted Land of Tulips!
Dedicated to my sister Ruby,who leaves kisses on everything she loves.
The End

How Do I Feel ?
How do I feel?
HAPPY
If you feel happy and you know it, show a smile.
If you feel happy and you know it, show a smile.
If you feel happy and you know it,
then your smile will surely show it.
If you feel happy and you know it,
show a smile.
SAD
If you feel sad and you know it, cry a tear.
If you feel sad and you know it, cry a tear.
If you feel sad and you know it,
cry a tear and you will show it.
If you feel sad and you know it,
cry a tear.
MAD
If you feel mad and you know it, make a frown.
If you feel mad and you know it, make a frown.
If you feel mad and you know it,
make a frown and you will show it.
If you feel mad and you know it,
make a frown.
SCARED
If you feel scared and you know it, say UH-OH!
If you feel scared and you know it, say UH-OH!
If you feel scared and you know it,
say UH-OH! and you will show it.
If you feel scared and you know it,
say UH-OH!
SILLY
If you feel silly and you know it, make a face.
If you feel silly and you know it, make a face.
If you feel silly and you know it,
make a face and you will show it.
If you feel silly and you know it,
make a face.
SURPRISED
If you feel surprised and you know it, say AH-HA!
If you feel surprised and you know it, say AH-HA!
If you feel surprised and you know it,
say AH-HA! and you will show it.
If you feel surprised and you know it,
say AH-HA!
SLEEPY
If you feel sleepy and you know it, close your eyes.
If you feel sleepy and you know it, close your eyes.
If you feel sleepy and you know it,
close your eyes and you will show it.
If you feel sleepy and you know it,
close your eyes.

Butterfly Rainbow
Butterfly Rainbow
Some butterflies are red.
Some butterflies are orange.
Some butterflies are yellow.
Some butterflies are green.
Some butterflies are blue.
Some butterflies are purple.
Beautiful, rainbow butterflies.

I Went Walking
I went walking.
What did I see?
I saw a puppy dog following me.
I went walking.
What did I see?
I saw sheep running past me.
I went walking.
What did I see?
I saw a mouse sneaking past me.
I went walking.
What did I see?
I saw a hedgehog hiding from me.
I went walking.
What did I see?
I saw a seal swimming past me.
I went walking.
What did I see?
I saw an owl looking at me.
I went walking.
What did I see?
I saw a buttefly flying past me.
I went walking.
What did I see?
I don't know. It's a mystery.

Water Needed
I am thirsty.
Drip.
Drop.
Drip.
Drop.
Drip.
Drop.
Splash.
More water.
What about me?
What about me?
What about me?
Water for everyone.
Water for me.
And me!
And me!
Hey! Slow down. Don't drink it all!
This guy wants some too.

Meet me, the Giraffe
Who am I?
It is me, the giraffe.
This is where I live.
I am already very tall when I am born.
We like living in a pack.
Here are some of my friends...
The tiger. He has great stripes!
The monkeys. They like to play tricks.
The gorillas. They are very big.
The lion. He is the king of the jungle.
The zebras. They look like they are wearing pajamas.
Thanks for visiting with me!

Wheelchairs
We use wheelchairs to help us get around.
Sometimes we need a little help from a friend.
Sometimes we use them when we shop.
Sometimes you have a friend with you.
They might even sit on your knee!
Sometimes we design special wheelchairs.
Sometimes we use them in sport.
In the past wheelchairs looked a little different.
What does your wheelchair look like?

I Love Sushi!
I love sushi!
It's my favorite food.
Sometimes, sushi comes on a plate that looks like a boat.
You can eat sushi with chop sticks.
Look how tiny this sushi is!
This looks like Easter sushi to me.
I think Godzilla likes sushi, too!
Do you think Snoopy likes sushi?
I think I'll have sushi for dessert, too!

Ringette
Ringette is an ice sport.
Ringette is a team sport.
Ringette is a fast sport.
Ringette is a girl's sport.
Ringette is a fun sport.

In The Park
What do you see in the park?
I see leaves.
I see a tree.
I see a squirrel.
I see a wasp.
I see logs.
I see a bird.
I see rocks.
I see flowers.
I see a path.
I see a ladybug.
I see a bench.
I see a bridge.
I see deer.
I see reeds.
I see a bush.
I see ferns.
I see a pond.
I see weeds.
What do you see?

Things that Boys Like
Boys like cars.
Boys like trains.
Boys like sports.
Boys like skateboarding.
Boys like robots.
Boys like video games.
Boys like dinosaurs.
Boys like mud puddles.
Boys like to read.

The Food Groups
The Food Groups
There are four food groups that we need to eat each day.
We need to eat vegetables. Can you name a vegetable you like to eat?
We need to eat fruit. What's your favorite fruit?
We need to eat grains like bread.
We need to eat grains like rice. What other grains are there?
We need to have dairy like milk.
Cheese is in the dairy group, too.
We need to eat meat like chicken.
You can also eat alternatives to meat like beans and tofu. If you don't eat meat it's called being a vegetarian.
Enjoy food from all these groups every day!

All Time Low
This is the band All Time Low.
This is Alex Gaskarth. He sings and plays guitar.
The is Jack Barakat. He plays the lead guitar.
Zack Merrick plays bass guitar and sings backup.
Rian Dawson plays drums.
All Time Low has always been those four.
They have 3 studio albums.
Jack is silly. :)

Toronto is...
Toronto is a city.
Toronto is in Ontario.
Toronto is in Canada.
Toronto is on a lake.
Toronto in the spring.
Toronto in the summer.
Toronto in the fall.
Toronto in the winter.
Toronto is a city.

Live to Ride
Harley Davidsons are the coolest bikes.
You can have flames on your bike.
You can have pin stripes on your bike.
You can have white walls.
You can have a shiny blue bike.
You can have a dull red bike.
You can have a long green bike.
You can add a flag to your bike.
I like to ride fast on my Harley.

Hockey
Hockey is played in a rink.
You need a net.
You need a stick.
You need a helmet.
You need a scorer.
You might win a trophy.

Hockey in Canada
Hockey is played inside.
Hockey is played outside.
Indoor hockey uses this type of net.
Outdoor hockey uses this type of net.
Hockey players need hockey sticks.
Hockey goalies wear masks.
Sometimes, hockey players get hurt.
The hockey team in Toronto is the Maple Leafs.
The Maple Leafs play at the Air Canada Centre.
Sidney Crosby is one of the best hockey players.
The best hockey team in the NHL wins the Stanley Cup.

Puppies Grow
When puppies are born they are very tiny.
They have a cute little nose.
Puppies grow bigger.
Puppies need lots of love.
Sometimes they look sad, but are not really!
Puppies need to eat good food.
Puppies need exercise to stay healthy.
This puppy is growing.
Puppies grow into dogs.

Teagon's cars
This car is cool.
This Lambourgini is fast!
This VW is old and slow.
This is a very bumpy bridge.
These cars are racing!
This car port is cool. It keeps the cars super duper dry.
The freeway is pitch black. There are hundreds of vehicles.
The ferry is coming through. There is tons of traffic. The cars will put their brakes on.

Happy Birthday, Tarheel!
Happy Birthday To You!
Tarheel Reader
Is Two!
They let your imagination soar...
Over 10,000 books, if you're keeping score!
Thank you dear Tarheel,
From the whole world
To You!!! Happy Birthday!
And many more...

Bob the Bunny
Bob the Bunny
Did you hear that Bob has a new pal?
"I am Bob's new pal, Al!"
Bob loves to dance!
Bob can hop fast!
These are Bob's brothers!

Love Your Mom by D.M.
You should always love your mom.
You should always take care of her.
Moms teach us how to love ourselves.
Kisses are so sweet.

Stormy Night
Stormy Night
In storms I see rain.
In storms I see lightning.
In storms I hear thunder.
In storms I see clouds.
In storms I see rain drops.
In storms I see tornadoes.
Duck and cover!!!

Pokemon is Everywhere!
Pokemon is in Tokyo, Japan.
Pokemon is with friends, like Spiderman
Pokemon is in food.
Pokemon is going on a field trip!
Pokemon is in a story.
Pokemon is on the garage with Mario and Mickey Mouse.
Pikachu is driving the car. He is a good driver!
Jigglypuff is the cake. Yum!
Pokemon is with Raichu.
I eat Pokeball Salad! Yum!
Pokemon is in the mail.
Pokemon is on the cupcake.
Pokemon is in the iPod. He needs headphones to listen to music.
Pokemon is in the coloring book.
Pikachu is on the shirt. I want that shirt!
Who put the Pikachu in the garbage? That's not good!
Pokemon is waving goodbye.

I love pizza!!
Let's make a pizza.
What do we need?
We need pita bread, pizza sauce, cheese, and pepperoni.
Step 1: Get one piece of pita bread.
Step 2: Spread 1/4 cup of pizza sauce on your pita.
Step 3: Sprinkle some cheese over the sauce.
Step 4: Put on four slices of pepperoni.
Step 5: Bake in the oven for about 15 minutes.
Step 6: Eat your pizza!!
I love to eat pizza!!

puppies*-*
Puppies
I love puppies!
Puppies need to sleep so they can grow.
This puppy is so cute.
Puppies love to play.
They like to play tug of war.
Puppies need a lot of attention.
Puppies like to be clean.
Puppies need love too.
Puppies love to be with other puppies.

My Zoo Book
The panda is black and white.
The panda is eating.
The hippo is swimming.
The lion is roaring.
The jaguar is looking at me.
The mommy lion is with her baby.
The tiger is walking.
The peacock is pretty.
The polar bear is looking at me.
The elephant is big.
The giraffes are drinking water.
The gorilla is eating.
The monkey is mad.
The monkeys are hugging.
There are two camels.
The llama is soft.
The wolf is sitting.
The tiger is sleeping.
This is an owl.
The flamingo is tall.

Vampires
I like vampires.
Some vampires are scary.
Some vampires are cool.
Vampires like to drink your blood.
Vampires like to come out at night.
Vampires can kill you.
Vampires aren't real. They are only in our imaginations.

Dairy Group
Milk is in the dairy group.
Ice cream is in the dairy group.
Cheese is in the dairy group.
Yogurt is in the dairy group.
Frozen yogurt is in the dairy group.
Cottage cheese is in the dairy group.

Meat Group
Chicken is in the meat group.
Pork is in the meat group.
Bacon is in the meat group.
Spam is in the meat group.
Fish is in the meat group.

Dillon's Favorite Things
Dillon loves Chucky.
Dillon loves the bride of Chucky.
Dillon loves books.
Dillon loves boxing.
Dillon loves computers.
Dillon loves chocolate ice cream cones.
Dillon loves chocolate milkshakes.
Dillon loves motorcycles.
Dillon loves pudding.
Dillon loves water.
Dillon loves babies.

Potty Training
I wear my diapers in the night.
I wear my big boy pants during the day.
I keep Spider Man dry.
I sit on the toilet instead of going in my diaper.
I get a ticket when I'm dry.
I got a video game when I earned a bunch of tickets.
I keep my pants dry all the time.
When I keep my pants dry I feel happy.

Mount Prospect Tour
Today we went on a field trip.
Eugene's favorite place was Busse Park, which used to be Busse School.
Zach liked seeing Central School, the first school.
Here we are in front of the Owen Rooney House, it was Phil's favorite spot.
Jenna liked having ice cream at Capannari's.
This is the cemetery at St. John's. Danny took some great photos here.
Vlad like St. John's church. It is really tall.
We learned so much and had lots of fun!

The Candy House
Once upon a time Hansel and Gretel were very poor and hungry.
They lived in a cottage in the woods.
One day, Hansel and Gretel went into the woods to look for food.
The children found a candy house and began to eat it!
A witch said "Who's eating my house?"
Then Handsel and Gretel were snatched by the witch!
Hansel was fed a lot, so the witch would eat him.
But Gretel pushed the witch into the oven!
All the kids she captured were set free!

Hurricane Katrina
The center of the hurricane is called the eye. A storm can be hundreds of miles wide.
Parts of a hurricane.
In order for it to be a hurricane, there has to be winds of 74mph.
The Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale measures how strong the hurricane is.
Hurricanes form over the Atlantic Ocean because warm, moist air rises.
A hurricane watch is when conditions are right and a warning is when there is a hurricane.
Hurricanes happen in summer and the early autumn months.
Hurricanes create a lot of damage.
Hurricane Katrina was on August 29,2005.
She was a category 4 hurricane.
She landed in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Things to do to keep safe - board up windows if you have time.
Stay in a room in the middle of the house that does not have windows.

In Public or In Private?
Some places are called "public."
Some places are called "private."
Public means lots of people are around.
Private means you are by yourself, or maybe with just a parent or trusted adult.
Some things are okay to do in public.
Some things should be done in private.
We can wave hello to a friend in public.
We should go to the bathroom in private.
We should wear clothes in public.
If we need to take off our clothes, we should do it in private.
We can do our schoolwork in public.
If we have to fix our underwear, we should do it in private.
We can play with friends in public.
If you're not sure what's for public or private, you should ask an adult.

Amazing Horses
Horses are amazing animals.
Horses live in big families.
They like to run together.
Horse families sometimes look like each other.
Some horses have special fur so they can live in cold places.
Horses have long hair. Their hair is called a mane.
Sometimes horses cross roads, so people have to watch for them.
Horses become partners, like moms and dads.
Horses have babies called foals.
Foals and grown horses like to play.
Horses are pretty cool animals.

YouTube
YouTube is a website for sharing videos.
Some videos are boring.
Some videos are cool.
Some videos are important.
Some videos are not important.
Some videos are popular.
Some videos are not popular.
YouTube is cool, but be careful with what you watch.

Swimming
Swimming is fun!
You can go swimming in pools, lakes, or the ocean.
Sometimes the water is cold. Brrrrr!
You should always swim with a buddy.
Swimming is good exercise.
Swimming is really cool.
I love swimming, don't you?

We Are Going  to the Minnesota Zoo
We are going to the zoo.
We will have breakfast at school.
We will go to the bathroom so we don't have to go on the bus.
We will get on the bus with Julie's and Angie's class.
We will ride to the zoo!
We might have to wait in line.
We will be safe at the zoo by staying with our group.
We will walk and see animals.
We will eat lunch at the zoo.
We will walk again, and see more animals!
We will get on the bus, and go back to school.
We will have time to read, then have snack and go home!

What Am I?
What am I?
I am brown.
I have 2 legs.
I eat fish.
I can fly.
I have a white head.
What am I?
I am an eagle.

Home Alone
Home Alone is a movie from the 1990s.
This is Kevin.
He fought with his brother Buzz over pizza,
so Kevin went upstairs.
The family was late for their plane.
They forgot to wake Kevin up.
His family went to Paris.
Kevin was home alone!
Kevin had to find the things he needed...
all by himself, like a grown-up.
Kevin was afraid of being caught alone.
Kevin's parents noticed he was missing at the airport in Paris.
His parents were sad.
Kevin's parents called the police.
Two men knew the family was gone.
They broke into Kevin's home!
Kevin used traps to scare the robbers.
The robbers did get scared, and they left.
The robbers were arrested.
Kevin's family flew home.
His family was so happy to see him!
The family was all together again.

Police
Police have helped people for many years.
Some police have skates.
Others ride bikes.
This is an older police car.
Here is a newer police car.
When the police are looking for criminals, sometimes they use a helicopter.
Police dogs are trained to help police do their job.
Police work to keep us safe.

Race Cars by Fernando
This Corvette is really fast.
This yellow race car is in first place.
This race car is a Porsche.
This USA race car is being displayed.
This race car is red, white, and blue.
This race car is a Hawk 3000.
This orange race car is a Ford GT.
This Camero is racing.

I Like Sports
I like swimming.
I like soccer.
I like tennis.
I like boxing.
I like football.
I like baseball.
I like bowling.
I like golf.
I like sports!

Families are cool!
Families are cool!
There are lots of types of families.
People and animals in families love each other.
Some families can be very different from other families.
Families do things to help each other.
Parents take care of the babies.
Families do fun things, like taking pictures!
What fun things do you do with your family?

Sea Animals
Animals that live in the ocean can be called sea animals.
Some sea animals are small.
Some are big.
Some are fat.
Some are very thin.
Some fish are colorful.
Some fish are silly.
Some sea animals, like sharks, are dangerous.
Some sea animals can be food for people!

Fishing
Fishing can be fun.
Some people fish on beaches.
Some people fish on boats.
Some people fish in lakes and rivers.
Many people fish in the ocean.
Many people fish with fishing poles....
but some fish with a net that they throw into the water.
Fish are all different sizes and colors.
Fishing is great!

The Beatles
The Beatles were a rock band.
They were from England.
They made music in the 1960s and 1970s.
A lot of people liked them!
The Beatles played instruments like guitars and drums.
Their names were Paul, George, John, and Ringo.
They made some silly songs.
They had lots of fun!

Sharks
Sharks are known for being big, scary animals.
Sharks are not as scary as some people think.
Many people enjoy studying sharks.
But they have to be careful to not get too close!
Sharks enjoy eating fish.
They have a good sense of smell. This is how they know where the fish are.
Sometimes they have to swim very fast to catch the fish.
Many people fear sharks.
Other people will continue to enjoy the beauty of these cool creatures.

Ford Trucks and Cars
This is a white Ford truck.
This is a big Ford 150 truck.
This Ford Cortina is going to have a race.
This is another Ford Cortina.
This is an old Ford Mustang.
This Ford Mustang goes really fast.
This Ford Mustang is really cool.
This 1968 Ford Mustang goes really fast too.

Grandma's Visit
Grandma's Visit
Grandma is coming to my house!
We will read lots of books together.
We can bake cookies!
We will play Wii Fit.
We will go shopping at Target!
We can play with Mr. Robot Mole.
We will eat snacks!
We will watch TV and maybe a movie.
We can color Mom and Dad a picture.
We can go to a playground!
We are going to have so much fun!

Cats
Cats can make good pets.
All cats were once kittens.
Cats eat mice and fish.
Some cats eat canned food. This cat pushed a can off the counter so she could eat it.
Cats have rough tounges.
Cats have sharp teeth.
Cats have good noses.
Some cats like dogs...
and some can't stand them.
Most cats don't like water.
Mother cats bathe their babies with their tongues.
Some cats have squished faces.
Some cats are really big...
and some cats are very small.
Some cats are two different colors.
Cats like to play with each other.
Many cats have sisters and brothers that don't look anything like them.
Some cats sleep under their owner's bed.
The End

Baseball is...
Baseball is the Twins.
Baseball is not steroids.
Baseball is the national anthem.
Baseball is Target Field.
Baseball is rules.
Baseball is bats and balls.
Baseball is super stars.
Baseball is food.

Butterflies by Alex
This is a caterpillar.
This is a moth.
This is a blue butterfly.
This is a yellow and black butterfly.
This is a big butterfly.
This is a butterfly.

Butterflies by Angelina
This butterfly is big.
This butterfly is sleeping.
This is a caterpillar.
This butterfly is yellow.
This butterfly is red.
This butterfly is yellow and black.

Butterfly by Jose
He is holding the butterfly.
That caterpillar will turn into a butterfly.
This butterfly used to be a caterpillar.
That butterfly is blue.
The caterpillar turned into the butterfly.
The butterfly is green like the leaf.

The mice
OUR MICE
Grade 3/4L have 2 mice.
They are named Daisy and Tim Tam.
We have them in a big cage.
We will feed them special grain.
We give them fresh water.
I think our mice are cute.

Happy Birthday Ethan!
Happy Birthday Ethan!
We hope you have a very fun day!
And enjoy scootering with your friends.
We hope your cake is yummy!
And the bus takes you where you want to go.
Yippeee! Now you're nine.

Nancy's Make-Up Book
Nancy's Make-Up Book
There are many different types of make-up...
and there are many ways to wear it!
Her eyeshadow is wild and exciting!
Her eyeshadow is natural, but still beautiful.
You can wear lip gloss or..
lipstick.
Blush is pretty on some girls...
and really ugly on others.
The End.

SPORT
Soccer
Bike Riding
Swimming
Surfing
Motobike Riding
Basketball

ocean city new jersey
This is Ocean City, New Jersey.
Ocean City, New Jersey has a beach.
It also has an ocean.
Ocean City, New Jersey has an ammusement park It has lots of fun rides.

Alex's Ponies
Alex's Ponies
Alex has many horses.
Some like to stand by the stream.
Some like to stand in the field.
This little pony really likes to run.
These two horses are white.
This pretty horse is Alex's.
These white horses are a family.
This pony is waiting for her mom by the barn.
These horses like to run really fast.
These horses are very fuzzy.
This pony is by a wall.
The End.

I love puppies
I see two puppies.
I see a puppy sleeping.
I see a puppy scratching.
I see a puppy chewing.

Devin, What Are You Doing?
Devin, what are you doing?
I am standing.
Devin, what are you doing?
I am listening to my ipod.
Devin, what are you doing?
I am eating my lunch.
Devin, what are you doing?
I am going down the slide.
Devin, what are you doing?
I am riding in a car.
Devin, what are you doing?
I am walking.
Devin, what are you doing?
I am climbing up the structure.
Devin, what are you doing?
I am playing on the structure.
Devin, what are you doing?
I am looking at a snake.
Devin, what are you doing?
I am opening the door.
Devin, what are you doing?
I am playing two touch.
Devin, what are you doing?
I am sitting at my desk.
Devin, you are awesome!

Animals
An ape's arms are bigger than its legs.
Ploar bears are white.
One kind of elk lives in North America.
Wild elephants spend most of the day eating.
A female gorilla is half the size of a male.
Gorillas have pointy teeth.
Cobras eat rats.
Sea turtles can travel 100 miles.
Dogs can have fleas.
Some bats attack animals.
Broncos are hard to control.
Tigers are meat eaters and they can run really fast.
The brown bear can weigh 1,700 pounds.
Lizards are cold-blooded.
A camel can weigh 1,500 pounds.
Leopards have been hunted for their beautiful fur.
Kangaroos have little heads.
An aardvark is a fast digger.

Who Lives in the Ocean?
Who Lives In the Ocean?
Fish live in the ocean.
Sea turtles live in the ocean.
Sharks live in the ocean.
Dolphins live in the ocean.
Seahorses live in the ocean.
Octopuses live in the ocean.
Crabs live in the ocean.
Whales live in the ocean.
Jellyfish live in the ocean.
Divers do not live in the ocean.

What am I?
What am I?
I am brown.
I have four legs.
I have a tail.
I have spots.
What am I?
I am a leopard.

What am I?
What am I?
I have two eyes.
I have two ears.
I have stripes.
I have four legs.
I have sharp teeth.
I have one nose.
What am I?
I am a tiger.

What am I?
What am I?
I have big teeth.
I live in the forest.
I eat rabbits.
I have two eyes.
I have four legs.
I howl.
What am I?
I am a wolf.

What am I?
What am I?
I live in a tree.
I have long arms.
I eat bananas.
I carry a baby on my back.
I say ooo ooo ahh ahh.
What am I?
I am a monkey.

What am I?
What am I?
I live in the ocean.
I swim.
I eat crab.
I live in a den.
I have eight legs.
What am I?
I am an octopus.

What am I?
What am I?
I am green.
I swim.
I have four legs.
I live in a pond.
I have a shell on my back.
What am I?
I am a turtle.

The Letter W
W is for walrus.
W is for watch.
W is for wheelchair.
W is for worm.
W is for weather.
W is for windmill.
W is for wolf.
W is for wig.
W is for watermelon.
W is for warm.
W is for witch.
W is for waffles.
W is for wave.
W is for whale.
W is for wagon.

Crazy Cat Tricks
Cats do crazy things.
Some cats sit on doors.
Some cats wear silly hats.
Some cats dance.
Some cats play hide and seek.
Some cats think they are plants.
Some cats climb ladders.
Some cats give you high fives.
Some cats play guitar.
Some cats hide in couches.
Some cats think you are funny.
Some cats smell the flowers.
Some cats have snail hitchhikers.
Some cats catch fish.
Some cats go on cruises.
Some cats play in shoes.
Some cats glow.
Some cats drive buses.
Some cats watch old TV shows.
Some cats use computers.
Some cats nap in sinks.
Some cats hide in dryers.
Some cats look in mirrors.
Some cats read books.
All cats are fun to watch. They do crazy things!

It's Fun Fest Time
It's Fun Fest Time!
At Fun Fest we have fun.
At Fun Fest we see clowns.
At Fun Fest we hear music.
At Fun Fest we eat popcorn.
At Fun Fest we ride horses!

Snowmobiles
This book is about why I like snowmobiles.
The snowmobiles went too fast.
People have to practice riding snowmobiles.
You need to be careful when you are near the water.
I would like to ride snowmobiles to the house.
You cannot ride the snowmobiles inside the house.
You may ride snowmobiles outside.
I like this snowmobile because it's fast.
There are lots of snowmobiles. Sometimes I want to buy one.
I don't know if this is a snowmobile but I like it.
Oh no. The snowmobile fell down the mountain.
The snowmobile can go on ice.

Chip Learns to Bowl
Chip Learns to Bowl
Today, Chip's parents took him to the bowling alley.
Chip was excited to bowl.
After arrving at the bowling alley, Chip ran to grab a bowling ball.
Chip began to bowl with his mom and dad.
After bowling the first game, Chip was really sad because he only knocked down 56 pins.
Steve,the amazing bowling seagull saw how sad Chip was, so he flew over to teach him how to bowl.
After Steve's help, Chip bowled a 100.
Chip was excited about bowling a 100.
After bowling, Chip went home with his mom and dad.

Elks
I like elk.
Elk have two antlers.
The antlers make me laugh .
The mountains have snow. The elk looks like a deer.
The elk fight with antlers.
The coyote will chase elk
and then elks will run away.
The coyote did not get elk.
I think the tongue is yucky.
I laugh again.
This elk does not have antlers.
Elk are funny.

The Pet Cats
The cats were home.
The cats were little.
The cat's names were Fluffy and Muffie.
The cats were safe at a farm.

Dinosaur Rocks!!!
Dinosaur Rocks is coming to our school.
They will decorate our gym and teach us all about dinosaurs.
We will see lots of dinosaur bones called fossils.
Wow!! Dinosaur fossils are really big.
These kids are painting dinosaurs.
This is what they drew.
We will have so much fun looking at and learning about dinosaurs.
The End!

backyard birds
This is a night time. picture of birds.
The birds are sitting on the wire.
This is a hummingbird.
The birds are flying in the sky.
This is a blue jay.
These are birds at dusk.
The birds are playing in the snow.
The birds are swimming.
The birds are sitting on a branch.
The hawk is soaring in the sky.
The vulture is soaring in the sky.
The birds are flying in the Arizona sky.
The seagull is flying.
The robin is sitting on a branch.
The least tern is flying.
The owl is eating.

Dear Mrs. Shielie's Class
Dear Mrs. Schielie's Class,
Thank you for writing.
I love Mr. Black's class.
My new teachers are Mrs. J, Mrs. Ciliia and Mrs. Indelli.
My new friends are Jenna, Phil and Zach.
No, we don't have a SMARTBoard, rats!
We have been learning about Mount Prospect.
We have also been learning about community helpers.
Your friends,
Danny and Mr. Black's Class

The Ocean
The Ocean
The fish swims in the ocean.
I want to see a walrus in the ocean.
The whale lives in the ocean.
I like the octopus in the ocean.
I want to see a seahorse in the ocean.
This is also a seahorse in the ocean.
There are people and a killer whale in the ocean.

At Work - an ABC Book of Jobs
There are so many jobs!
Astronaut
Baseball Player
Construction Worker
Dog Walker
Engineer
Farmer
Gardner
Hair Dresser
Ice Cream Man
Judge
Kindergarten Teacher
Lumberjack
Mother
Nurse
Office Worker
Police Officer
Quarterback
Railroad Worker
Skateboarder
Truck Driver
Umpire
Veterinarian
Waitress
X-Ray Technician
Yard Keeper
Zoo Keeper
What will YOU do?

Bombing on Water
Japanese fighters on their way to Pearl Harbor.
Bombs dropping on Pearl Harbor.
So many bombs.
Battle ships destroyed.
Everything is destroyed.
Pearl Harbor's darkest day.

Cute Dogs And Puppies
Dogs are best friends.
We run and play all day.
We play dress up.
We take baths with a lot of soap.
We are Santa's favorites.
We swing on swings.
We love people.
We never get tired of dress up.
We always love hide and seek.
We always have big loving smiles.

Puppies
Puppies are cute.
Puppies play hide and seek.
Puppies like to go to sleep.
Some puppies play in the snow.
Puppies like to play outside.
Puppies like to play inside, too.

Dogs Go Crazy
Some dogs like diving.
Dogs think like buck-tooth animals.
Dogs like being lazy potatoes.
Dogs laugh like they heard the funniest joke.
Dogs like everything they see.
Dogs ask too much questions.
Dogs like piggyback rides.
Dogs pretend like they're on a motorcycle.

Beautiful giraffes
Two giraffes
lived in Africa
They ran in the grass and
drank from the ponds.
They had beautiful coats,
blue tongues,
big lips,
long tails
and funny faces.

My cat.
I love my cat.
I remember when she was a kitten.
Charlotte is my cat's name.
I love playing with her. She is cheeky.
Sometimes she is grumpy.
Sometimes she meets other cats and plays.
She is my favorite cat.

Kate's Puppy Story
I just love puppies.
Sometimes I just wish I had three cute puppies.
But Mum and Dad won't let me!
I love it when puppies run to have a play with me.
I love it when puppies want a cuddle or a scratch.
If I had a puppy, I would let him puppy sleep in my bed.
Dad could play his guitar for him.
I'd let my sister tickle him.
I'd let my Mum feed him.
But most of all, I'd let Harry be a big brother-dog and teach him how to sit.

I Go to the Library
On Mondays after recess I go to the Library.
I bring my pillow and have a seat on the rug facing Mrs. Saul.
I look at the book Mrs. Saul is reading. I sit and listen quietly.
After Mrs. Saul finishes reading, I get to look for a book.
Once I pick out my book, I bring it to Mrs. Saul to check out.
I really like the Biscuit books.
Sometimes I go to the back door of the library.
I walk in quietly by Mrs. Saul's desk.
I go to the printer and pick up my papers.
I like going to the Library.

Animal Facts
There are over 200 kinds of monkeys.
Tigers are the biggest member of the cat family.
Parrots are colorful birds.
Thousands of species of butterflies live almost everywhere on the planet.
People are a lion's worst enemies.
Eagles are one of the biggest birds.
A family of lions is called a pride.
Female lions have their cubs when they are 3 or 4 years old.
Tigers like to be in the shade.
Elephants like to be wet.
Male lions are the most famous animal in the cat family.
Rhinos have big bodies.
A boa constrictor gives birth to a live baby.
Lemurs only live in Madagascar.
Anacondas are the biggest South American snakes.
Tigers have large, powerful bodies.
Monkeys are small mammals.
Rattlesnakes are poisonous.
Hippos live in the middle of Africa.

My Gallos
I like gallos because I like to play with them
and fight them.
We could get money by fighting them.
I always get different gallos when they have babies.
Every day I give them water and food
so they have enough energy to fight and so they won't be skinny.

What am I?
What am I?
I swim in water.
I have teeth.
I lose 5 to 7 teeth every time I eat.
I need water to breathe.
I have a big tail.
What am I?
I am a shark!

The Missing Cat
Jack and Jessie want to play with there cat Sammy but they can't find her.
Is Sammy under the bed?
No.
Is Sammy on the chair?
No.
Is Sammy by the garden?
No.
"Where could she be?" they wondered. Then they remembered one last place they still needed to check.
They went to look behind the couch and they found her with a...
SURPRISE!!!
Sammy had kittens.
"Can we keep them, mommy?"

lagunen artean
Bazen behin eskola batean...
mutil batzuk
eta neska batzuk
irteerak egiten
batzutan banaka ikasten
beste batzutan taldeka
gauzak elkarbanatzen
baina beti lagunen artean

What I Bought
I bought a puzzle book.
I bought chips and a soda.
I bought a cell phone.
I bought a jacket.
My sister bought a new TV.
My mom bought clothes for me.

Animals
The zebra is against the wall.
The tiger is staring at George.
Are they happy?
The leopard is sad.
The polar bear is swimming under water.
A tiger.
The royal blue frog is sticking to the tree.
The white tiger is angry.
The lion is licking the baby cubs.
The giraffe is in the grass.
The baby monkey is so cute.
A tiger in the snow.
The pig is on a log.
The penguins are facing forward.

I See Bugs
I see a bee.
I see a spider.
I see a ladybug.
I see a caterpillar.
I see an ant.
I see a butterfly.
I see a grasshopper.
I see a fly.
I see lots of bugs!

Puppies
Puppies
I have a dog named Snoopy.
Aren't they cute and  full of love? Their names are Nicole and Bob.
He is playing with a ball.
He is cute .

Dogs are a Man's Best Friend
Dogs are fun, playful animals to fill your day with glee!
Puppyhood involves a lot of hard work, patience, and FUN!
Teaching your dog games such as fetch can be a blast.  Running with your dog is another great activity.
Watching TV and relaxing is better with a canine friend!
Teaching your dog to adapt to new visitors is very hard, important work.
Your dog will follow you into loyal adulthood if you do a good job when he is young.
This dog is wondering what is in his food bowl.  Never feed your dog anything but dog food its entire life.
All the months of the year up to Halloween, you will have fun with your dog!
This lovely lady has a loyal friend forever.
Dogs are great pets and loyal friends. forever.  
The End.

At the zoo
At the zoo.
At the zoo, we saw otters.
At the zoo, we saw warthogs.
At the zoo, we saw a kimono dragon.
At the zoo, we saw kimono dragon bones.
At the zoo, we saw monkeys.
At the zoo, we saw dolphins.
At the zoo, we saw a wolf.
At the zoo, we saw a snake.
At the zoo, we saw snake bones.
At the zoo, we saw turkeys.
At the zoo, we saw a puma.
At the zoo, we saw turtles.

Snow Rests
Snow rests gently on the window ledge.
The snow rests on the stairs.
The  snow rests on the picnic table.
The snow is resting silently on the pine tree.
The snow rests silently on the old school house.
The snow rests gently on the church's steeple.
The snow rests beautifully against the landscape.
The snow is resting quietly  along the street.
The snow is resting quietly on Colorado Springs mountain tops.
The snow is piled high on the bush branch. Snow rests in many places.

A Day at the Blind School
We go to a school for blind children.
We use a CCTV to make it easier to see books and toys because it makes them look bigger on a screen.
We use a white cane to help us be safe. It keeps us from bumping into things and tells us where there are changes.
Using a white cane can tell us how high steps are.
Some students read regular print books.
Some students use braille books so they can read the words as dots with their fingers.
We do math worksheets.
We use the Smart board so we can see what's on the computer, but really big.
Our teacher uses the timer to help us keep track of time when we're working.
We wash our hands to get all the germs off before we eat.
We eat lunch in the school cafeteria.
We have a winter program and a spring program on the stage.
We have music class and move a lot with the music.
In art class we paint and work with clay.
We love to play on the playground!

Girls
Girls like to ride horses.
Some girls are beautiful.
Girls like wedding parties.
Girls like wearing stunning outfits.
Girls love going to the stores.
Girls love blowing bubbles.
Girls love sleeping.
Girls like chatting with each other.
Girls like resting on the couch.
Girls like hanging out with each other.

Beach Balls
My rainbow beach ball
bounced up in the sky.
They come in many sizes.
I want to play with one.
Horses also like to play  with beach balls.
You can sit on it and just do nothing,
or let it sleep in the locker room,
but I like to hug my beach ball.
We like to play with the ball at the swimming pool.
You can swim with it.
Happy face is my favorite one.
Will you be my friend please?

Shrek
Shrek is an ogre.
Shrek was happy living alone.
One day Lord Farquaad tried to kick Shrek out of his swamp.
Shrek had to go on an adventure to get his swamp back.
Shrek met many people.  He met donkey.
Shrek also met the gingerbread boy.
Shrek met puss in boots.
Shrek rescued Princess Fiona.
Shrek and Princess Fiona fell in love.
Shrek and all his friends fought to get his swamp back.
They all lived happily ever after...
Until the next movie!

I love Fun Fest!!
My favorite thing at fun fest is the grab a bag.
My favorite thing at fun fest is balloons.
My favorite thing at fun fest is riding horses.
My favorite thing at fun fest is the cake walk.
My favorite thing at fun fest is popcorn.
My favorite thing at fun fest is BINGO.
My favorite thing at fun fest is the fish pond.
My favorite thing is FUN FEST!!!

We Like Toy Story
This is about Toy Story.
Not CARS!!!
This is Woody.
Woody is a cowboy doll.  Not a cowboy DOG!!
This is Buzz Lightyear.
Buzz Lightyear is flying.  Not CRYING!!
This is Jessie the Cowgirl.
She has lots of friends.
The end.

Letter K
K is for kiwi.
K is for keyboard.
K is for kites.
K is for kiss.
K is for kleenex.
K is for kitchen.
K is for kiss.
K is for koala bear.
K is for kool-aid.
K is for kitchen.
K is for keys.
K is for kangaroo.
K is for kit kat bar.
K is for kumquat.

Money
I like money to buy things at the store.
Money, money, money. I always want more.
A penny's worth one cent.
A nickel's worth five.
A dime is worth ten cent.
A quarter's worth twenty-five.

Justin and Coby Get Pizza
Coby drove to Papa Johns.
Noah ran with Seth and Saulo to Papa Johns.
Justin gives Isai a piggy back ride to Papa Johns.
Justin, Coby, Esgar, Isai, Saulo, Noah, and Jordan ate their pizza.
The End.

The Griffins
These are the Griffins.
These two are Peter and Chris.
This is Stewie.
Peter is fighting the evil chicken.
This is the Griffin's house.
The evil monkey lives here to.
Stewie is driving the cast of star trek to get food.
Brian is singing "peanut butter jelly time."
Louis and Peter are buying a vcr.
Stewie is tan.
This is Brian and his girlfriend.
I'm having lunch with Stewie.
My favorite character is Stewie.
The End

Which way is the right way?
Where do you go from here?
Do I go to college?
Do I join the military?
Do I travel the world?
Do I become a pirate?
Do I feed the poor?
Do I try to find the cure for cancer?
Do I just celebrate life?
Do I live my life to help someone?
Where are you going?

Dirk and his family
Salve! meus nomen est Dirk!
Hello! My name is Dirk!
ego amat volare!
I love to fly!
hic est meus pater. eum amat cantare!
This is my Father! He loves to sing!
hic est meus frater! eum nomen est Lazarus!
This is my brother! His name is Lazarus!
hic est meus mater! amat meus!
This is my mother! She loves me!
hic est meus rhetor! eum  doctrina meus optimus!
This is my teacher! He teaches me well!
ego amat meus familia!
I love my family!

Big Trucks
Two trucks are together.
Here are many trucks.
This truck is blue.
This truck is red.
This Truck is big.
This is a gas truck.
This truck is on the freeway.
This truck has a big load.
This truck has a small load.
This truck a black trailer.

Romeo and Juliet
Romeo and Juliet fall in love.
Their families
 hate each other.
Romeo and Juliet get married.
They keep their marriage  a secret.
Tybalt is Juliet's cousin, and Romeo kills Tybalt.
Romeo has to leave the city.
Juliet drinks a little poison so that she can sleep.
Romeo thinks she is dead.
Romeo drinks some poison, and he dies.
Juliet wakes up, and she sees Romeo dead.
Juliet uses Romeo's knife  to kill herself.
Romeo and Juliet's parents are sad their children are dead. They don't hate each other anymore.

Puppy Life
My name is spock.
I like car rides,
to run on beaches,
to swim,
dramatic movies,
someone reading  me books,
and to swing.
But my life isn't all good because sometimes,
my owners might dress me up,
my friends get mad at me,
a horse might kick me,
and sometimes people might give me bad deals.
I really don't like being caught in fences.
My life isn't very bad though.
I don't want to grow old very fast.
I'll miss Christmas with my friends.
Plus, I've hardly worked on my laptop.
And I like playing ball with my owner.
I'm still cute though, so I shouldn't worry about that for a long time.

We Live in Vermont
We live in Vermont.
We like the seasons in Vermont.
In the spring, the snow melts.
The land turns green.
Lakes and rivers melt.
Summer is a time to spend outside on the lake,
or having picnics.
But soon, fall comes.
The leaves turn colors.
It starts to get chilly.
The land gets ready for winter.
In winter, it snows a lot.
It is very cold and the days are short.
It is fun to go ski,
and then come inside to a warm house.
Then spring comes again and warms Vermont.

I Am Leandro
I wonder if I am going to pass the test.
I hear people.
I see stuff.
I want to go to the army.
I am cool.
I pretend to be gangster.
I feel happy.
I touch stuff.
I worry about my life.
I cry when my friends are hurt.
I am in karate.
I understand how to behave.
I say nice words.
I dream about the army.

Benji
Salve! meus nomen est Benji!
Hello! My name is Benji!
ego amat ambulare.
I love to walk.
hic est meus pater. eum nomen est Rex.
This is my father. His name is Rex.
hic est meus frater. eum nomen est Silvius.
This is my brother. His name is Silvius.
meus pater amat remittere!
My father loves to relax!
quid est meus nomen?
meus nomen est Benji!
quid amat?
ego amat ambulat!
quis hic est?
hic est Silvis (meus frater)!
quid meus pater amat?
meus pater amat remittere!

The Cay, Chapters 15-19
The Cay, Chapters 15-19
In chapter 15, the hurricane hit the island.
Timothy tied Phillip and himself to a palm tree to survive the storm.
Phillip and Stew Cat survived the hurricane.
Timothy died. It was very sad.
In chapter 16, Phillip dug a grave for Timothy.
Phillip found a coconut to eat.
Phillip picked up sticks, palm fronds, and explored near the coast.
He walked into a nesting area and was attacked by birds.
Phillip had so much to do:
build another rain catcher,
go fishing,
weave a new sleeping mat,
inspect the island for coconuts,
gather wood for a new fire pile,
start a fire for cooking and warmth,
and listen for a rescue airplane.
In Chapter 17, Phillip went fishing for lobster.
He was bitten by something.
In chapter 18, Phillip heard a plane.
He started the signal fire, but the pilot did not see it.
The next day Phillip heard explosions. So, he started the fire again.
This time, Phillip put leaves on the fire to make smoke.
A plane flew over Phillip and the island, but then it flew away.
Phillip was very sad.
In chapter 19, Phillip heard a bell. It was on a boat.
Phillip yelled, "I'm here!" A voice yelled back, "We see you!"
He was rescued! YAY!
He was reunited with Mom and Dad.
After 3 operations, Phillip could see again. He had to wear glasses though.
Phillip thought often of Timothy and their cay.
THE END

It Is His
That is his car.
That is his TV.
That is his iPod.
That is his pool.
His name is Michael.
His friend is nice.
His hair is short.
His eyes are blue.
His job is busy.
His bus is late.

Felis et Casus
Felis et Casus
The Cat and the Adventure
Felis circum ambulat.
The cat walks around.
Felis amicum invenat.
The cat finds a friend.
Illus nomen est Pedro.
His name is Pedro.
Felis et Pedro caseum invenant.
The cat and Pedro find cheese.
Illi caseum cenant.
They eat the cheese.
Illi dometicum reddent.
They return home.
Illi somnant.
They sleep.
Finis
The End

Arnold Schwarzenegger
Hic est Arnold.
Arnold est notissimi.
Arnold est fortimissi.
Arnold est alidus.
Arnold est ex Austria.
Arnold litum fruit.
Maris est uxor.
Arnold est natatio.
Arnold est in species.
Arnold Americam amat.
Arnold est gubernator.
Arnold est laetus.
Arnold est vivida.
Arnold est statua.
Arnold villam habet.
Arnold est senex.
Arnold ridens.

our favorite places
We like to go places.
We go to the school.
We go to the gym.
We go home.
We go to the zoo.
We go to the art room.
We go to the grocery store.
We go to the dentist's office.
We go to the doctor's office.
We go to the beach.
We go to the pool.
We go to the library.
We go to the city.
We go to the park.
We go to the movies.
We go to the basketball court.
We go to the playground.
We like to go places.

Jentaculum cibus (Breakfast Foods)
Hic est ovii.
This is eggs
hic est recens panis.
This is fresh bread.
hic est vetus latis.
This is old milk.
hic est bonus fructus.
This is good fruit  juice.
haec est laridum.
This is bacon.
Hic est frigus spiceus.
This is cold cereal.
haec est bromos.
This is oats.
hic est adtrivi corn.
This is grinded corn.
Hic est foeteo caesum. 
This is stinky cheese
Hic est salis butyron.
This is salt butter.
Hic est moribundus piscis. 
This is a dying fish.
haec est  vafli.
These are waffles.

Mother's Day
A Mother's Day Poem for mom:
M is for Mature
O is for Outstanding
T is for Tall
H is for Happy
E means you are Everything to me
R is for Radiant
Put them all together and that spells:
MOTHER

The Month of May
It is the month of May.
It is spring in May.
We celebrate Cinco de Mayo in May.
Cinco de Mayo is a special day in Mexico.
Mother's day is in May.
We show mom how much we love her.
In Mexico, mother's day is on May 10.
Memorial day is in May.
On Memorial day, we remember soldiers who have died.
Basketball playoffs are in May.
We play baseball in May.
We can swim in May.
We eat ice cream in May.

My New Car
I'm turning 16 today, and I really want a car!
My friend Lisa got a black car for her birthday.
My friend Roger got an orange car for his birthday.
My friend Lestath got a blue car for his birthday.
My friend Kenny got a purple car for his birthday.
My friend Ethan got a green car for his birthday.
My friend Tyler got a white car for his birthday.
My friend Chiso got a pink car for her birthday.
It's time to open my present.
I hope it's keys to a new car!
A toy car?!
Gee, thanks Mom and Dad.

Bob
There once was a snowboader named Bob
He liked to eat corn on the cob.
Then he hit a tree.
He fell into the sea.
He swam out of the sea.
And then he got stung by a bee.
He said, "I want to go up in the sky."
So then he learned how to fly.

Soccer rocks
There once was a girl named Acacia, who loved soccer.
So she put all of her stuff in her locker.
She could dribble very well.
Though once when she dribbled, she fell.
But she got back up and didnt quit trying.
She kept playing better and soon stopped sighing.
She even got a medal!
Some people thought she got lucky.
But those people are just silly like a monkey.

The Silly Snowborder
There once was a snowborder named King Boo.
He loved to go snowboarding with his crew.
Once he did a flip.
He flipped because he triped.
But his crew didn't think it was true.
But the King Boo got a bruise.
But his crew found clues.
That it was true.
So one of his crew members said sorry.
And that crew member was Charly.

The Puppy and the Little dog named Bob
There once was a puppy.
His name was Snuppy.
His friend was a dog, named Bob.
They played and played tag until they gave up.
So the puppy went to his owner, named Dave.
So his friend Bob went to his owner too!
They slept and slept.
They woke up the next morning to play again.

Gymnastics
I love the bars and how high I swing.
I like jumping to reach them.
Now let's go to floor.
We can do round-offs and backhand springs everywhere.
Now let's go to the beam.
We can do lots of tricks on the beam.
For example, we can jump up and down like a kangaroo.
Let's go to the trampoline where I meet my friend, Sue.
Sue fell on her face, and now she's crying - boo hoo!
I feel really bad for Sue.  I hope she gets better soon!

To Dance
When you dance, your heart and mind race.
As you leap across the floor, the wind flies through the lace.
You can dance in a room, in a house, or on a street.
To dance, you must have your body flow and move your feet.
You can dance on the moon or on Mars.
To dance is to dance like a star.
When you dance, it's like eating a chocolate Dove.
To dance is to love.

The Soccer Game
Patrick, Kolton, and Keegan were all playing soccer.
Kolton kicked the ball, and it hit the wall.
It bounced to Keegan with no trouble at all.
Keegan passed the ball to Patrick.
Patrick kicked the ball into the goal.
The ball rolled away and could not be found.
So the three had to call the mall to get a new ball.
They went to the mall and got their new ball.
The three played soccer again.

Hungry Steve
Once there was a Football named Steve.
He ate only on Christmas Eve.
He was always a hog.
He ate his brother's dog.
His brother was very mad.
Steve was very glad.
Then he ate his mom's cat.
The cat's name was Pat.
Steve was grounded for a year.
Then he moved out of here.

The two snowboarders
There once was a snowboarder named Mitchell.
The other snowboarder, Mitchell's very best friend, was named Snitchell.
One day they ate lots of pears.
That afternoon they met lots of bears.
That night they met some hens.
The hens then turned into pens!
The snowboarders were very clever.
The two snowboarders used the pens forever.
The two snowboarders continued to snowboard.
But then, the snowboarders got bored.
So the snowboarders  decided to become wakeboarders instead.

Our Gymnastics Story
There is a girl named Gabby.
She has a friend named Abby.
They both like Gymnastics.
They have fun on the beam.
They both can do cartwheels.
When they roll, they look like wheels.
They can do a backhand spring.
They look like springs.
They can both do backbends.
Thats the end.

Football is rough
You have to be tough to play rough in football.
You play in the sun and have lots of fun.
When you get tackled in the rain, it might cause pain.
When the day is sunny, it is funny.
You make a touchdown to win the game.
It is the quarterback's job to throw the ball.
The Colts can play all day.
The Bengals are like tigers for the day.

M. J. Basketball Book
There is a guy named Michael Jordan.
Basketball is what he liked to play.
He would play every day.
He played it in Oregon.
He played with a guy named Morgan.
Michael always won.
Michael became number one.
He played for the Raiders.
Then he became one of their haters.
Michael decided to quit.
By one of his dogs, he then got bit.

The puppy book
There once was a dog.
Her name was Fog.
She loved to jog.
She loves her log.
She hit a ball.
She hit it into the mall.
She met a duck.
The duck said Yuck!
Fog bought a bean.
She got it from a basketball team.
She found a chest.
Then she got dressed.
She loved to eat.
She ate with her feet.
She went to cheer.
Then she broke her ear.

I Want to be a Princess
I want to be a princess because a princess gets to wear a crown.
I want to be a princess because a princess wears beautiful dresses.
I want to be a princess because a princess wears beautiful glass slippers to the ball.
I want to be a princess because a princess rides in a carriage with a prince.
I want to be a princess because a princess gets to do chores.
I want to be a princess because a princess gets to live in a castle.
I want to be a princess because a princess gets to be friends with other princesses.
I want to be a princess because a princess is beautiful.

The Owl
There once was an owl,
who lived in an oak.
The more he heard,
the less he spoke.
The less he spoke,
the more he heard.
Then there were two owls,
who lived in an oak.
Every word they ever spoke,
was fiddle, faddle feedle.

JS Charlotte
Wilbur, Joy, Aranea, and Nellie went to the House of Bounce.
The spiders got lost.
They tried screaming. It did not work.
They tried bouncing. It did not work.
They tried making a web. It did not work.
Then they tried climbing on a big, bouncy house.
They found
Wilbur and went
home.

Your Kidneys
Your two kidneys are located at your lower back.
Your kidneys help to filter your blood.
You can lose a kidney, and your body will still be ok.
Your kidneys help you control your blood pressure.
Your kidneys help balance the fluid content in your body.

All about Bigfoot
The footprint looks very suspicious.
Another mysterious footprint.We'll keep looking for what made this footprint.
Ahhhhhh! Bigfoot! Run.
Is bigfoot listening to music on his ipod?
What's bigfoot doing here?
Watch out!
That's why they call him bigfoot.
You sneaky thing.
Bigfoot has a show. I'll have to go.
Wow. I had no clue.
How far up the road?
Now he has his own action figure.I want one.
Bigfoot sure does have big feet.
Looks like his foot.
He has a statue. Nice.
I wonder what he'll do with that coal.
Where'd bigfoot go?
You have fans.
Got a movie about you. Nice work.

Chimp Lives
I know a monkey named John.
He has a friend named Bill.
One day john fell on his butt.
He screamed in pain.
His nose started itching so Bill scratched John's nose for him.
The next day he felt a little lazy.
When he was older he got his own home.
John found a girl named Cindy.
They had a son named David.
David became very sophisticated.
One day David was so bored he went crazy.
He and a chimp named Sally had a son named Acktavio and they went to the city.

Dirtbikes Riders
This is Devan. He is very good at dirtbike riding.
This is me. I think dirtbike riding is awesome.
This is the gear, but there is still many more types of gear.
These are the models for the dirtbike riders.
Girl are good at judging races. This is because they do not tells lies during dirtbike races.
This is a race track where they race at.
He went so high they called him "air born".

Kids Can!
Kids can run.
Kids can jump.
Kids can swing.
Kids can slide.
Kids can climb.
Kids can ride bikes.
Kids can swim.
Kids can have fun!

Cinco de Mayo
Cinco de Mayo means "the fifth of May" in Spanish.
This victory represents patriotism.
Fiestas are held with music, dancing...
It is celebrated in America and in Mexico.
This holiday celebrates Mexico's victory in the town of Puebla.
good Mexican food...
and traditional Mexican games.
Cinco de May is a celebration of Mexico's rich history.

I AM CESARIO SALINAS
I WONDER IF MY FISH ARE DOING WELL.
I HEAR ROCK N ROLL.
I WANT A PHONE.
I PRETEND I AM A KING.
I FEEL AWESOME.
I WORRY ABOUT MY PET.
I CRY WHEN I AM MAD.
I UNDERSTAND MATH.
I DREAM OF THUNDER.
I SEE A DOG.

I AM RICK
I AM RICK.
I WONDER IF THE WORLD IS GOING TO END.
I HEAR ROCK MUSIC.
I SEE SOMEONE COMING.
I WANT GOOD THINGS TO HAPPEN IN THE FUTURE.
I AM RICK.
I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
I WORRY ABOUT MY FAMILY.
I CRY WHEN I SEE SOMETHING SAD.
I UNDERSTAND I CAN'T HAVE EVERYTHING.
I SAY WHAT I FEEL.
I DREAM ONE DAY ABOUT OWNING A RESTAURANT.
I AM RICK CASTILLO, JR.

Jack and Jill
Jack and Jill went up the hill
to fetch a pail of water;
Jack fell down and broke his crown,
and Jill came tumbling after.

Romeo and Juliet
Romeo and Juliet fall in love.
Their families hate each other.
Romeo and Juliet get married.
They keep their marriage a secret.
Tybalt is Juliet's cousin and Romeo kills Tybalt.
Romeo has to leave the city.
Juliet drinks a little poison so that she can sleep.
Romeo thinks she is dead.
Romeo drinks some poison and he dies.
Juliet wakes up and she sees that Romeo is dead.
Juliet uses Romeo's knife to kill herself.
Romeo and Juliet's parents are sad because their children are dead.They don't hate each other anymore.

Garrett's Trip to San Deigo
I am going to fly on an airplane to visit San Diego.
I will take off my shoes and walk through a machine that will take my picture.
I will walk down a long hallway to get to my airplane.
I find my seat, sit down quietly, and put on my seat belt.
Next, I can chew some gum while the plane is taking off.
The flight attendent will tell me important information before we leave the airport.
I will leave my seatbelt on during the whole trip because the "fasten seat belt" light will be on.
I will stay in my seat unless I have to use the bathroom.
While we are flying I will get a snack and drink that I can sit on my tray in front of my seat.
At the end of the flight I will wait my turn to get off of the plane.
When I get to San Diego I will have a blast!

Boys and Girls
Boys and girls come out to play,
the moon does shine as bright as day.
Leave your supper
and leave your sleep,
and meet your friends in the street.

To Bed, To Bed
"To bed, to bed," says Sleepy-Head.
"Let's stay a while," says Slow.
"Put on the pot," says Greedy-Sot.
"We'll eat before we go."

Making Pancakes
Supplies needed: cooking spray, pan, spatula, bowl, pancake mix, measuring spoon, whisk, and water.
Measure pancake mix and water and put in the bowl.
Mix the pancake mix and water together using the whisk.
Turn the cooktop burner to five.
Spray the pan with cooking spray.
Pour 1/4 cup of pancake batter into the pan.
Set the timer for three minutes.
Flip your pancake over when the timer beeps.
This is what it looks like before you flip it.
This is what it looks like after you flip it.
The finished pancake ready for syrup and butter!

Lady-bird
Lady-bird, Lady bird,
fly away home,
your house is on fire,
your children will burn.

The Pink Puppy
There once was a pink dog.
His name was Nog.
Nog lived in a log.
Nog the dog went in the log with his friend Hog.
He turned on the light.
And he did it all right.
So he went outside to fly his kite.
Nog's favorite color was black.
So he went and bought himself a Big Mac.
When he dreamed he was a mime.
He had a great time.

Soccer Rocks
Soccer is a sport I used to play.
I used to play soccer on a sunny day.
Soccer is fun.
Because I like to run.
We split up into teams.
Their team name is Beams.
I started to sweat.
And now I'm wet.
I have a good soul.
I make a goal.

Gymnastics Rhymes
Once there was a girl named Emma.
She had a friend named Kenna.
They can both do a back handspring.
The bars let them swing.
They run and jump and do cartwheels.
They turn around and around and they look like wheels.
Perfect handstands on balancebeam.
Their gymnastics skills are like a dream.
At compititons their scores are high.
Doing gymnastics makes time fly by.

Football awesomeness
Everyone likes football.
NFL starts in the fall.
And you can buy it in the mall.
You can even play if your tall.
And you can play if your small.
The referee sometimes makes a bad call.
You can play in the living room hall.
Watch out! Try not to fall!

I Like Trucks
This truck got stuck in the mud.
This old truck lost some pieces.
This truck would be good for four wheeling.
The horse likes this truck.
Wow...look at that MONSTER TRUCK!!!
This truck hauls all kinds of things.
This truck has a long way to go.
These trucks do their best work in battle.

I Love Dogs!
We need a bath.
I am just chilling.
Huh?
I love a good story.
Enjoying the grass.
I'm soooo sleepy.
I am posing for my portrait.
Chew toys are fun.
I love the snow!
I love my family.
What did you say?
I am ready when you are...
Flying high!
The pool is the only place to be in the summer.
Playing hide and go seek...
I just got my hair done.
Enjoying a nice run on the beach.

Things I like
I like to listen to country music on my IPOD.
My father and I ride our Harley Davidson motorcycle on sunny days.
I like watching the Yankees play baseball.
I like reading non-fiction books, especially science fiction.

Boxing
She wants to box.
Two boxers are fighting to knock each other out.
This woman loves to kick  box.
This is
going to be Friday night fights NYC.
Two women kick boxing and punching.
This boxer is kicking the boxer in the face.
She is training for a match.
Two boxers are training.
Is this for real?
This guy is knocked out on the floor.
There are even boxing video games.
WARNING! Do not box on furniture.
Some people even box in a steel cage.
Left hand punch and a block.
Rocky was the ultimate boxer!

Joey Grows Up
When a joey is little, he lives in his mother's pouch.
When I was little I liked to be in my crib.
The mother kangaroo looks after the joey and keeps him safe.
My mother looks after me and keeps me safe.
Sometimes the joey is looked after by other people.
Sometimes I have a babysitter look after me.
The joey always likes to get back into his mother's pouch.
I always like to see my mom after I have been at school.
The mother kangaroo helps the joey learn to feed himself.
My mom teaches me how to feed myself too.
Soon the joey learns he can be out of the pouch and be safe. The joey is growing up.
I am learning to be by myself too. I am growing up too.

Awesome  Wooly Mammoths
Long ago wooly mammoths lived when the climate was much colder than it is now.
Like elephants they were herbivores. They ate grasses, flowers, moss, leaves and small branches from trees.
Herds of mammoths roamed Siberia, Northern and Eastern Europe, and North America.
About 22 months  after mating, the mom has a baby. The babies are cared for by one or two females from the herd.
Their life span was about 60 to 70 years.
Don't you think they are just great?
Oh and guess what? Wooly mammoths lived 65,000,000 years after dinosaurs.

King Cobra
The King Cobra has a flat neck.
Their habitat temperature is 95 degrees F.
Their delicious prey are snakes,lizards,and frogs.
They can grow to be very long.
The king cobras live near rivers and swampy areas.
King Cobras have very poor eye sight and have trouble seeing their prey.
When the king cobra is born,its venom is as strong as the adult's venom.

My DS
It was blue.
I have a Mario DS game.
It came with a charger.
I love my DS.

Trees
Why do we need trees?
Trees give us shade to keep us cool.
Trees give us oxygen to help us breathe.
Trees absorb harmful chemicals in the air to help us breathe.
Trees block the wind.
Trees give us food to eat.
Trees give us wood to build things.
Trees give us paper.
Trees provide homes for animals.
Trees provide food for animals.
Trees are beautiful!

Sharks
I think this is a great white shark.
The man is taking a picture of the shark to see how big he is.
This shark can swim the fastest of all the animals in the ocean.
This shark is going to eat all the fish.
This shark is sticking his nose out of the ocean and he has really sharp teeth.
The man is getting a ride on the shark.
The shark is swimming with all the other sharks.
This whale shark has spots on it.

Cheetahs and Tigers
I'm biting on my tree.
The cheetah will lay down.
Night, night!
I am puffy.
I am going to eat you.
Let me out.
Get off of my ear.
Stop biting me.
Can I get off?
What are you looking at?
Are you tired?
I am getting a drink.
Get out of the water.
Big yawn.
Stay!
Get down.

Dolphins in Hawaii
Dolphins in Hawaii
The dolphins are swimming.
We can see them at an aquarium.
They put on a show.
They swim with their friends.
They play in the ocean.
It would be fun to swim with the dolphins!

Wild Life
Lions are furry.
Cheetahs have spots.
Hyenas look like dogs.
Jaguars run fast.
Wild life is fun.

Hockey is Fun!
I like hockey!
I like Alex Ovechkin.
Maybe Detroit will win the Stanley Cup.
My dad likes the Boston Bruins.
I like to play pond hockey with my dad.
I like the sharks too.

Animals on Earth
This deer is cute.
The elephant is scary and big.
This squirrel is eating an acorn.
This kangaroo is hugging his mother.
This racoon looks very, very scary.
The panda bear is scratching his head.

Things that make me smile!
A field of beautiful sunflowers!
Happy, smiling children.
I'd love a pair of these sun glasses!
A beautiful butterfly.
A smiling lioness.
A pretty flower.
Black-eyed Susans.
Bambi
I thought I saw a puddy tat!
Eeaw eeaw eeaways says that!
Peacock feathers.
A Mummy looking after her baby.

Champs
This is the Pittsburgh Pens with the Stanley Cup.
This is the Canada natoinal hockey team with their medals.
This is Drew Brees holding the Lombardi trophy.
It all stops right here; the end.

I Like Dinosaurs
I like dinosaurs.
I like the way they run.
I like their long necks.
I like their big teeth.
I like their big heads.
I like their big bodies.
I like their wings.
I like their babies.
I really like T Rex.

The Colors of the Solar System
This is the solar system.
The solar system is made up of the sun and eight planets.
The sun is the center of the solar system. The sun is yellow.
Mercury is the first planet. Mercury is gray.
Venus is the second planet. Venus is yellow and white.
Earth is the third planet. Earth is blue and white.
Mars is the fourth planet. Mars is red.
Jupiter is the fifth planet. Jupiter is brown with stripes.
Saturn is the sixth planet. Saturn is yellow and brown.
Uranus is the seventh planet. Uranus is green.
Neptune is the eigth and last planet. Neptune is blue.

Cosmo and Me
My name is Chris and I love birds and butterflies.
This was my bird Cosmo and I REALLY loved him.
This is a sculptor of Cosmo that I made.
This is the real Cosmo.

Young Cats
This cat is a pirate.
These cats are fighting.
These cats are babies.
These cats are dancing.
This white and brown cat is licking the white and black cat.
This cat is young.
This cat is hunting Miss Ash.
This cat is looking around for no reason.

Cats
The Book of Cats
Cats keep clean by licking their fur.
Cats' fur can be long and fluffy.
Cats' fur can be short and sleek.
Cats like to play in boxes and bags.
Cats like to look at fish.
Cats eat dry food.
Some cats like to cuddle.
Cats make good pets.

Cosley Animal Farm
The sheep were good.
The cow had babies.
The little horse was brown.
The goats were running amuck!
The chickens were having a new home built.
The big horse was laying down.
The pigs were black.
We had a fun day.

Roadrunner
Roadrunners have carnivorous habits.
Roadrunners are very fast creatures.
They also have a really cool design on their head to camouflage themselves.
After a cold night a roadrunner will turn its back to the sun to warm up.
The roadrunner lives in a very hot, dry habitat.

Let's Get Together
Bob really likes girls.
He saw a girl with black hair and said "Hey let's get together!"
He saw a girl with brown hair and said "Hey let's get together!".
He saw a girl with a hat and said, "Hey let's get together!"
He saw a girl in the moonlight and said "Hey, let's get together!"
He saw a girl in the park and said "Hey, let's get together!"
He saw a girl with blond hair and said "Hey let's get together!"
He saw a girl near a barn and said "Hey let's get together!"
He saw a girl who was sad and said "Hey, let's get together!"
He saw a girl at the dance and said "Hey let's get together!"
Uh oh what's that sound...
"Hey! I'm your girlfriend! You need to stop getting together!"

The Bunny Book
These bunnies wish they could go swimming in the lake.
This bunny has really big ears!
This bunny is chewing on some grass.
This bunny is cold in the snow.
This bunny loves to cuddle.
This mother bunny has 2 baby bunnies.
This black bunny is kissing the brown bunny.
This bunny is playing in the green grass.
These bunnies are cuddling.

What You Find Outside
What You Find Outside.
We find flowers outside.
We find plants outside.
We find trees outside.
We find grass outside.
We find gardens outside.
We find yards outside.
We find rocks outside.
We find squirrels outside.

Soccer
Soccer is a fun sport.
I think this is Christiano Hernando. He is a famous soccer player.
This is a funny desert goalie.
This team won a big trophy.
These cupcakes have flags of countries on them.
This is a Chivas flag.
This is the Italy flag.
This is a heart flag.
This is Christiano Hernando again.
This is a funny balloon soccer man.
These are fireworks after the soccer game at night.
This lion is a famous soccer star.
This is the parade for the Italians that won the championship.

Platypus
Amazing platypus.
This platypus is camouflaging in dirty water it looks like rock.
Many platypuses like to eat fish.
A platypus also likes to swim.
This platypus is searching for food under the sand.
Platypuses live in Australia.
Platypus have webbed feet that help them move in the water.
Platypuses are amazing animals.

Elephants
Elephants are the largest mammals on land. Some have floppy ears and some don't.
Elephants like carrying sticks.
Elephants are funny.
Elephants live in family groups.
Elephants are cute.
Some elepants are in a big field today.
When elephants go in the water they blow water out of their trunk.
When elephants are adults they get kicked out of their family.
Elephants go to sleep.
Elephants love dirt too.
Elephants like playing in water.
Elephants love the mud.
People ride elephants.
The End.

Hello Kitty's New Friend
Hello Kitty's New Friend.
Hi! My name is Hello Kitty. What's your name?
My name is Mickey Mouse. Nice to meet you!
Nice to meet you too! How are you?
I'm great! How about you?
I'm happy! How old are you?
I'm 100 years old! How old are you?
I'm 10 years old. When is your birthday?
My birthday is today! How about you?
Really? Happy Birthday! My birthday is January 25th.
Goodbye! See you next time!

Indirect Questions!
Indirect questions begin with cum or have a subjunctive ending like -isset or -eret.
There are two forms, imperfect and pluperfect.
imperfect translates as were or was verbing.
pluperfect translates as has or had verbing.
Imperfect Example:
Scire nolo cur ad forum currers
i do not want to know why you were running to the forum
Pluperfect Example:
Di me quid agevisses
Tell me what you are doing
Thats it! Now you know your indirect questions

Coquus
Purpose clauses are explained as clauses that show why an action was done.
These clauses are identified by the word "ut" and a subjunctive.
Omnes ad forum ambulaverunt ut cibum emerent.
postquam cibum emiunt, ad coquo currerunt ut cibum pavaret.
erant anxii.
denique, coquus de culina apparuit.
cum coquus apavuisset, omnes pecunium in sacci quaesiuunt ut praemium coquo darent
triste, nemo pecuniam.
Everyone was walking to the forum so that they could buy food.
After they bought the food, they hurried to the the cook, so that he could prepare the food in the kitchen.
They were anxious.
After a long time, the cook appeared from the kitchen.
When the cook appeared, everyone looked in their sacks for money so that they could give a prize to the cook.
Sadly, nobody had money.

Arrested Cat
Fela puella in via audivit
Fela puellas in via audivit
Puer puellas pugnabat
Puella felas in via audivit
Feles puerum necavit
Feles multos pueros necavit
Caecilius felem comprehendit
Felix feles costodivit
Feles Felicem pinxit
Caecilius feles verbavit postquam, feles Felicem pinxit
feles pueros vituperavit
feles in villa intravit et feles felicem ridivit

Pugnat
puer pulsat amicus
puer pulsat duos amicus
pater laudat amicus
amicus laudat pater
fur fugit culinam
libertus necavit mercatorem

Planting Sunflowers
First, we started with a flowerpot.
Then we put rocks on the bottom.
We added some dirt.
Then we planted 3 sunflower seeds in the flowerpot.
Next, we added more soil.
We watered the seeds.
The seeds sprouted.
Then they grew taller.
One day they will have beautiful flowers.

Xia escribe un poema
Esta noche fué larga
porque yo estaba sola
sin ti.
Con tu sonrisa,
me pones nerviosa
Por tu mirada,
me muero.
Tú eres toda mi vida.

Nuestra mamá
Mi madre se llama kautar
tiene veintinueve años
nació en Marruecos.
A ella le gusta bailar,
cocinar
y aprender.
Le gusta comer
lasaña
cuscús
y shawarma.
Su color favorito es el rosa.
La queremos muchísimo
es la mejor madre del Mundo.
fin

Tierschau
Na, welches ist dein Lieblingstier?
Ist es eine Katze?
Oder etwa ein Hund?
Oder gar ein Vogel?
Nein, ich hab's! Ist dein Lieblingstier ein Elch?
Auch nicht? Etwa ein Meerschweinchen?
Oder ein Elefant?

Batman and the Joker
The joker is a bad guy.
He has an ugly face.
Batman has to save the world again.
The joker was very scary in the movie called "The Dark Knight."
The joker is angry here.
He has very ugly eyes and a sad smile.
Batman beat the joker in this movie, but the joker is still alive!

Firefighters
Firefighters
The alarm is ringing!
The firefighters wake up.
They put on their boots and coats.
They put on their helmets
and gloves.
They climb onto the fire truck.
They are going to the fire.
Smoke comes out of the house.
Fire comes out of the house.
The family comes out of the house.
The firefighters go into the house.
Water comes out of the hose.
The fire...
...goes out.
The smoke goes away.
The firefighters did a good job.
The family thanks the firefighters.
Firefighters like what they do.

Purpose Clauses!
By: Jade and Callie
Purpose clauses indicate the purpose for which an action was done.
Purpose clauses contain "ut" and a subjunctive.
Purpose clauses can be translated as "in order that ... might" or "for the purpose of ..." -
- the words "may" and "might" are used in translating purpose clauses.
[See Page 110 in book for help!]
milites ad principia convenerunt ut Agricolam audirent.
The soldiers gathered at the headquarters in order that they might hear Agricola.
Please, translate the following: per totam noctem laborabat medicus ut vulnera militum sanaret.
The doctor worked all night in order that he might treat the soldier's wounds.
Please, translate the following: omnes cives ad silvam ut leonem mortuum spetarent.
All the citizens ran to the forrest in order that they might watch the death of a lion.
No, she won't.

B-I-N-G-O
There was a farmer who had a dog...
...and Bingo was his name, Oh!
B
I
N
G
O,
B
I
N
G
O,
B
I
N
G
O,
...And Bingo was his name, Oh!

Our Classroom by: 7th Period
Our Classroom
Tyree likes Batman. He calls for help by using the "Bat Search Light."
Nick LOVES the Chargers. He wants to play for the Texas Tech Raiders!
Matt Gebby likes to play the saxophone. He plays in the band at Plano Senior High School.
Kyle likes Golden Retreivers. He likes them because they are trained!
Matt Nelson likes soccer. He plays for the Raptors!
Brandon loves everything Apple! He is obsessed!!!
Matt Hickle loves nachos! It is his favorite thing to eat!
Syd loves to listen to Lil Wayne. It makes her feel happy when she hears "Let It Rock."
Lyndsi likes puppies. Her favorite puppies are yellow!
Mrs. Ash LOVES her puppy, Heidi! She is wonderful! Mrs. Ash also LOVES her 7th period class!

Dillon Loves Cars
I love hot cars. The doors on this one open upwards!
I think this is a cool looking car.
This car is being raced on a dirt trail.
This green car is pretty.
You could take this hot car shopping.
I'd love to buy this car!
Vans can hold a lot of people for trips.
I'd like to drive this car on a date up on dirt trails.
I think it would be exciting to race!

Sierra
I got Sierra in Duluth.
I bought him in the Aquarium gift shop.
He climbs like a monkey.
He likes my stuffed animal named Hippy.
I love Sierra. (and Hippy too).

Platypus Army
two freaky platypus
one cute platypus
puppet platypus
platypus costume
platypus pool
platypus car
convention platypus
BYE!

Sunflowers
A Book About Sunflowers
Sunflowers have yellow petals.
Sunflowers grow in the springtime.
Sunflowers need lots of sun to grow tall.
Sunflowers follow the sun throughout the day.
Some people eat sunflower seeds as a snack.
Some people use sunflower oil to fry food.

My Friend
My friend's name is Naazir.
Playing outside is fun! Climbing trees together is funny.
We like to play with toys. Basketball is our favorite game.
We help each other with homework.
I have fun with my friend.

The Tale of the Lost Four Wheelers on King Kong Hill
Kayden and James were walking through the watery forest.
They found a man who gave them each a four wheeler.
Kayden and James decided to go for a ride on King Kong Hill.
Kayden's four wheeler got stuck in the mud. It was a mess!
James hooked a chain to Kayden's four wheeler and tried to pull it out. They got the four wheeler out.
They decided to go mudding, but James got stuck in the mud, too!
Kayden rode back to camp and got his truck. He loaded his four wheeler and drove back to help James.
They tried to get the four wheeler running but it wouldn't work. They decided to go mudding in trucks instead.
It was a fun day!

The Letter J
J is for juice.
J is for jump rope.
J is for jackal.
J is for jacks.
J is for jewelry.
J is for jelly beans.
J is for jaguar.
J is for jelly.
J is for jogging.
J is for jenny.
J is for jellyfish.
J is for jet.

Farm Animals
I see a farm.
I see a horse. Neigh! Neigh!
I see a cow. Moo! Moo!
I see a lamb. Baah! Baah!
I see a sheep. Baah! Baah!
I see a goat. Naah! Naah!
I see a cat. Meow! Meow!
I see a dog. Ruff! Ruff!
I see a hen. Balk! Balk!
I see a rooster. Cock a doodle do!
I see a chick. Peep! Peep!
I see a duck. Quack! Quack!
I see a pig. Oink! Oink!
I see a farm.

Staying in Green
My body is like the engine of a car.
When I am doing my work, my body is in green.
When my body is in green, I can "go" as my body is just right.
My body feels good when it is in green.
This spider is getting his work done, so his body is in __________.
Sometimes, my body is in red.
When my body is in red, I am moving too fast.
I cannot get my work done when I move too fast.
My body can crash when it moves too fast.
Listening to music helps my body slow down.
Turning off the lights helps me to slow down too.
My body is sometimes too slow.
Sometimes, it is not safe is my body is too slow. This girl is not safe sleeping in a pool.
This car probably drives very slow.
This girl looks like she is relaxing. It is OK to relax and keep your body in yellow if it is the right time.
What is happening in this picture?
Is she getting her homework done? What color is her body in?
Is his body in green, yellow, or red?
What do you think is happening in this picture?
What is happening in this picture?
What is happening in this picture?
What color do you think she is in?
These people are doing their work. What do you think they are doing?
Does this man look like he is in red, yellow, or green?
This man is not doing his work. His body is in _________
These people are probably in _________
This man is working. His body engine is in __________
This working spider is in _________
I can use red, yellow, and green to describe my body engine. I have to work to keep my body engine in green.

My 12 Favorite Movies
Avatar is my favorite movie of all time.
The Dark Knight is a scary movie. It is scary because it has lots of killing.
Spider-Man 3 is a scary movie. It has lots of bad criminals.
Friday the 13th is a horror movie. It has lots of loud scary scenes.
Superman Returns is an epic movie. It has all comic adventures.
Burn After Reading is an adventure movie. There are lots of calling scenes.
Ratatouille is an animated movie. It's a cooking movie.
The Dark Crystal is a scary movie. It's about aliens.
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a fantasy movie. It's about wizards and witches.
Planet of the Vampires is an epic movie. It's about vampire bats.
Transformers is a scary movie. The robots are scary in the movie.
Bandidas is an adventure movie. It's a wild-life movie about cowboys.

About a Jedi
Speed is what you need.
You always have to be prepared.
Stay away from the Abominable Snowman!
And there are clones.
There are thousands of robots.
The Jedis have light sabers.
And they are sometimes relaxing.
You dress how you want.
Jedis always practice.
Jedis take adventures.
Jedis have the force.
And there is the dark side.
And the Jedis always save the village!

Indirect Questions
The verb is subjunctive in an indirect question. An indirect question is referred to ,but not asked directly.
indirect questions have question words such as: cur- why quo- where quantus-how big quam- how quo modo- how ubi- where
ego rogavi cur id plueret.
I asked why it was raining
is puellam cur ea lacramavisset.
He asked the girl why she had cried.
ego rogare volo cur puella in horto cantaret.
I want to ask why the girl was singing in the garden.
Rex scire vult quis reginae mentirisset.
The king wants to know who had lied to the queen.

I Love Dogs
I like this dog.
This dog is walking in the snow.
The dog says, " I love the kitty cat."
I love these glasses.
I like his hair.
This dog looks sad.
This dog is playing with a toy.
This dog is white with a black eye.
This dog is eating her bone.
The dog is thirsty.
The dog looks tired.
These dogs are friends.

I Love Pizza
Pizza is cool.
Eating pizza is good.
Pizza is good.
I like pizza with vegetables.
Does your cat like to sleep in the empty pizza box?

The Bird Expert
Birds are wonderful.
This bird is beautiful.
Birds like to talk to other birds.
Birds are very funny.
Birds like to sing.
These birds are probably hungry.
Cardinals are red.
Eagles are great birds.
Birds like to play in water.
Birds like to fly.

El padre de Marinel ha tenido un accidente
Estaba trabajando
con los cerdos,
quería que tuvieran más luz
y se puso a arreglar el tejado.
De repente se rompió
y mi padre se cayó,
se ha roto la nariz
y no puede mover una pierna.
Tenía mucha sangre
y ha ido al médico
ahora está mejor.

Me llamo Farah
¡Hola!
Soy Farah.
Tengo nueve años
y muchas amigas
vivo en Atarfe.
Me gustan los espaguetis con salsa,
mi cumpleaños
es en julio.

Lecturas en cómic
2ºA-2ºB
Rebeldes (Alfonso Bravo)
La tejedora de la muerte (Andrés Carrillo)
Ghost girl (Inés Lara)
La emperatriz de los etéreos (Inmaculada Martínez)
La hija del espantapájaros (Lidia Castro)
El curso en que me enamoré de ti (Pilar López)
La tejedora de la muerte (Aida Morales)
Ghost girl (Andrea Mudarra)
El curso en que me enamoré de ti (Belén Jiménez-Cuenca)
Nunca seré tu héroe (Cristina Ávila)
Platero y yo (Francisco J. Hoyo)
La mirada oscura (Isabel Moreno)
Matilda (Lorena Sánchez)
El curso en que me enamoré de ti (Melanie León)
La hija de la noche (Patricia Muñoz)
El proyecto Lottie (Sandra Romero)
El diario violeta de Carlota (Victoria Entrena)

A comer
¿Comemos?
Arroz
cocido
patatas fritas
huevos fritos
tortilla de patatas
potage de lentejas
calamares fritos
boquerones fritos
ensalada
espaguetis
sopa
macarrones
pollo asado
filete con verduras
hamburguesa
sandwich
bocadillo

Samoyeds
This is a puppy that is a Samoyed.
Samoyeds are gentle pets.
This is a adult Samoyed.
This is a Samoyed dressed up for halloween.
These are to best friends.
These are to Samoyeds fighting.
This is a Samoyed laying down on the green gorgeous grass.
These Samoyed are hanging out with their owner.
These Samoyeds are waiting to go outside.
This Samoyed is licking his nose.
These Samoyeds are with there owner.
This Samoyed is a lazy dog.
These Samoyeds are racing.
These are cute cuddly puppies are in a bowl.
These Samoyeds are confused.
These Samoyeds are looking at something.
This Samoyed is looking for a squirrel.
This puppy is trying to get into that plant.
This puppy is also trying to get that plant.
This is a cute little puppy.
This is a Samoyed trying to bite the other dog.
These are Samoyeds at a dog show.
This Samoyed is taking a break.
This is a puffy Samoyed.

Cómics sobre el curioso incidente del perro a medianoche
Realizados por alumnos y alumnas de 3ºESO del IES Villarrubia (Córdoba)
Javier Rueda
Joaquín Luna
Francisco García
Alberto Sánchez Francisco javier Carrillo
Esther Raya Melania Moreno
Alejandro García
Fernando González Merlo
Gema López-Ibarra
Juan José Fernández Leonard
Susana Otero
Iván López
Juan C. Chaves
Marina Navarrete
Cristina Sánchez
Mª Carmen Hermoso Lorena Varón

Xogando co Tar Heel Reader
Isto en realidade non é un historia
É unha proba divertida que estou facendo desta ferramenta
para ver as súas posibilidades e compartila con mais xente
para experimentar novos contactos co mundo dixital
pero sobre todo porque son así!

Meet the Flamingo
The Baby Flamingo is born with grey feathers.
The young flamingo grows and starts to lose its grey feathers.
The Adult Flamingo gets it's pink features that it will have for the rest of it's life.

Cookie
Cookie's Week
On Monday, Cookie plays by himself.
On Tuesday, Cookie invites a friend over.
On Wednesday, Cookie watches Sally dance.
On Thursday, Cookie jumps with JoJo.
On Friday, it's Hide and Seek Day!
On Saturday it's Shadow tag outside!
On Sunday, it's time to take a cat nap.
Shh!!! Cookie's sleeping.

Meet Hannah Montana
Roxanne wants to meet Hannah Montana.
Roxanne can dance like Hannah Montana.
Roxanne can sing like Hannah Montana.
Roxanne can act like Hannah Montana in Bolt.
Roxanne loves to each candy just like Hannah Montana.
Roxanne likes to decorate the stage like Hannah Montana.
Roxanne can raise her arms in the air like Hannah Montana.
Roxanne can play musical instruments like Hannah Montana.
Roxanne knows that Hannah Montana and Miley Cyrus and Hannah Montana are the same person.
Roxanne is pretty like Miley Cyrus!

San Diego Padres
San Diego Padres
The Padres play ball at Petco Park.
I love to go to the games to watch them play.
Tony Gynn is the most famous Padres ever.
While I am at the game I like to eat Ice cream!
I like to chear on my team!
The Padres are number one!

Ansel's Art
I like Ansel Adams's work
His pictures are beautiful.
I like them all
They make me feel happy.
Sometimes they make me feel sad .
They make me smile.
I think his pictures are amazing.
I wonder how he can take so many great pictures?
How do his pictures make you feel?
Do you look at them and say wow?
Do you look at them and say it's just a picture?
When I look at them I wish I were in the picture.
I want to see these places.
I want to experience what Ansel saw when he took the picture.
WOW I want to take pictures like these.
I love Ansel's work.

Beautiful Mount Prospect
Let's describe what we see in Mount Prospect.
This is the old train tracks.
This is the new train station.
This is the small school house.
This is the big school.
This is an old house.
This is a new restaurant.
This is an old street.
This is a new street!
This is a tall church.
This is a short church.
This is the old library.
This is the new library.
There is a lot to see in Mount Prospect.

Hmong Earth Day
Lub niaj teb zoo nkauj heev.
Txhua tus siv lub ntiaj teb ua qhov chaw nyob.
Ntiaj teb muaj dej,muaj nag, muaj cuag zoo.
Pab txhuag lub ntiaj teb txob lam pov quav sw.
Txuag lub ntiaj teb ib li yus lub cev ntaj ntsug.
Tej paj los yeej siv lub ntiaj ua qhov chaw nyob.
Tus ntxhais no puag lub ntiaj teb.
Lub tsheb thauj quav sw thiaj tu tau lub ntiaj teb.
Tej chaws ua si los yuav tau sib pab tu kom huv si.
Tej qhov chaw zoo li no yuav tsum sib pab tu.
Vim muaj lub ntiaj teb txhua tus thiaj muaj lub chaw nyob.
Thaum kawg thiaj huv si li no rau txhua leej tau siv.

Spongebob's Weekly Schedule
Spongebob's Schedule
On Monday, Spongebob goes to work.
On Tuesday, he likes to make Krabby Patties.
On Wednesday, Patrick visits Spongebob.
On Thursday, it's jelly fishing time!
Spongebob loves Friday because...
On Saturday, he plays with his friends!
Sunday is a day of rest.
After Sunday, he starts another fun week.

All About Horses
These girls are horse back riding.
This horse is cantering.
The horses are running.
The people herded cows.
The princess rode a donkey to her castle.
This man is riding a Palomino.
The wild horses were grazing.
These kids are riding double.
The man was riding a stallion.
I'm riding Vagus backwards at Trail Ridge Arena.
I rode Casper.
I'm riding Casper backwards.
The end.

Wrestling
The Undertaker is a good wrestler.
Triple H is strong!
These wrestlers are mad.
Shawn Michaels is an awesome wrestler.
John Cena has made a movie.
Somebody's going to get hurt.
Big Show and The Great Connelly face to face.
Big Show is a bully.
He's going to get dropped on his head.

Inuyasha
This is Inuaysha.
This is Kagome.
This is Shippo.
This is Kikyo.
This is Miroku.
This is Sango.
This is Kilala.
This is Sesshomaru.
This is Jakken.
This is Rin.
This is Ahun.
This is Naraku.
This is Kagura.
This is Hakudoshi.
This is Kanna.
This is Kohaka.
This is Bankotsu.
This is Renkotsu.
This is Jakotsu.
This is Suikotsu.
This is Ginkotsu.
This is Kyokotst.
This is Mukotsu.

School
At school I learn read and ride the bus.
I am good at running.
I like writing.
I want to get betten at writing.

Hannah Montana
She
is
Hannah
Montana
and
Miley
Cyrus
at
the
same
time.

Ben 10 Goes to Primus
Ben Ten Goes to Primus
Vilgax wants revenge on Ben 10.
So, he asks another bad guy to help him.
Meanwhile, Kevin fights a robot.
And Gwyn throws a power disc.
But Ben’s watch is not working!
The Omnitrex says it must return to Primus.
Run! Ben 10 is teleporting!
They land in a strange world called Primus.
Suddenly, they are attacked by bugs!
The Omnitrex is gone!
Ben, Gwyn and Kevin walk through a jungle looking for the Omnitrex.
A big eye looks at them.
A monster gets Ben!
Gwyn blows up the monster.
They find Vilgax fighting Humongasaur.
Asmuth explains what happened to the Omnitrex.
Oh no, Vilgax has the Omnitrex!
Then, Vilgax gets Kevin and Gwyn.
They are going to fall in the codon stream!
Vilgax uses the Omnitrex and becomes Goop.
Ben 10 turns off Goop’s gravity and gets the Omnitrex back!
Now it’s time to fight!
Cannon Ball!
Vilgax falls in the codon stream. Ahhhh!
Ben 10 turns into Way Big to defeat Vilgax.
“Stop hitting yourself.”
Saved again by Ben 10: Alien Force.

Mountain Lion
The Mountain Lions love to eat deer,porcupines and grass.
They live in western North America.
The Mountain Lions is 4 to 6 feet long.
The Mountain Lions range is in British,Columbia and Texas.
However Mountain Lions can live in Florida.
Mountain Lions can be called pumas, Catamounts, or Florida panthers.
The Mountain Loins tail is 21 to 37 in. long.
The Mountain Lions weight 75 thousand 275 pounds.
the end.
P.S don't kill us.
P.P.S we love you and we want to live peaceful.

American  Revolution Alphabet
American Revolution Alphabet
Americans
Charleston
Deborahsamson
Easton
Ranklin,ben
Georgin washington
Hill Bunker
Independent
John Burgoune
Kings Mountain
Masscre
Newport
ORISKANY
Princeton
Quebec
Revolution
Saratoga
Tea Party
Union Jack
Valley Forge
Wyoming Valley
XAVIER CATHEDRA(FRENCH AND Indian cemetery
Yorktown
Zane, Elizabeth

Video Games
There are many video games.
One of our favorite games is Digimon.
We also like Donkey Kong.
Raving Rabbids is very funny.
Wii Fit Plus makes exercising interesting.
Video games are fun to play.
Enjoy playing video games, but don't forget to play outside too!

American Revolution ABC book
American Revolution.
A is for American.
B is for British.
C is for Concord.
D is for Deborah Samson.
E is for England.
F is for Franklin,Ben.
G is for Georgia.
H is for Hill,Bunker.
I is for Independent.
J is for Johns,Fort.
K is for King's Mountain.
L is for Lexington.
M is for Massacre.
N is for New Jersey.
O is for Oriskany.
P is for Paul Revere
Q is for Quebec.
R is for Revolution.
S is for Saratoga.
T is for tea Party.
U is for Union Jack.
V is for Valley Forge.
W is for WilliamsBurg.
X is for Xavier Cathedral (French and Indian Cemetery).
Y is for Yorktown.
Zane is for Zane,Elizabeth.

The Amazing Red Eyed Tree Frog
The Red Eyed Tree Frog got its name by its flashing red eyes.
The female red eyed tree frog is it least 3 inches bigger than the males.
The red eyed tree frog has bright blue outlines on its legs.
This tree frog has orange toes with suction cups on them.
This species of frogs is a very good climber.
One of the red eyed tree frogs predators is the boa.
This amphibian's outer green body blends in to the leaves in the rain forest.
This rare species of frogs is not endangered but most of its habitat is.
Soon it will be a dessert.
The life cycle of this frog is the same as any other frogs.
I think the red eyed tree frog is really cool don't you?

Dolphin
Dolphins are great swimmers.
Dolphins are great at jumping.
Dolphins can do many tricks.
Dolphins can swim 30 miles per hour.
They stay together like a herd.
They like to eat fish, squid, and shrimp.
They can go very deep in the ocean.
Dolphins do not have gills but they do have a blowhole for breathing.
Dolphins love to put on a show.

Great White Shark
The great white shark is found in warm waters.
Great White Sharks don't have a skeleton. Their structure is made from cartilage.
It has a pointed snout.
Sharks have gray and bronze on top.
They can see in the dark.

Arctic Wolf
Artic wolves eat caribou, musk,oxen,hares,and seals.
They eat all of their prey, even the bones.
The Artic wolves are carnivores.
They have 42 teeth.
They can live in sub zero temperatures for years.
Artic wolves mate in April.
Artic wolves are awesome animals.

Venus Fly Trap
The Venus flytrap loves insects and flies.
It has trapped something. What do you think it is?
The leaves look like a clam shell you can see.
The reddish is the sweet nectar that bring the flies.
This one is really red. But nature never repeats it self.
Now that you have learned about Venus flytraps, I have to go.

African Elephant
The male fights for the females.
People use to hunt them for their tusks.
African elephants are good swimmers and they take mud baths.
They take good care of their babies.
African elephants mate in March and April.
They travel in groups.

Bactrian Camel
Bactrian camels have long necks for drinking and grazing.They are herbivores.
They have two humps on their back.They store fat in their humps,when the humps run out they get soft and flappy.
Here are their two humps.
They live in cold winters -20 degrees fahrenheit.
They also live in hot summers over 100 degrees.
Bactrian camels live in east Asia's rocky deserts.Their number's less than 400 of the Bactrian camels!
They can live up to fifty years in their natural habitat.I think Bactrains are amazing!

Groundhog
Groundhogs eat out of gardens.
They eat green vegetation such as grasses,clover,and alfalfa.
Their predators are hunters,wolves,coyotes,large hawks,and owls.
In March and April they mate.
Groundhogs run to nearby dens or retreat when fighting other animals.

Chimpanzees
This is the first stage of the life cycle.
When they are born they are only 6 inches long.
Here is an adult chimpanzee.
Then it has a baby.
Then the first chimp gets old and eventually dies.
I think chimps are amazing.
That's the life cycle of chimps.

Our Book About Cartoons
Cartoons are meant to be funny, They make us laugh, most of the time.
But sometimes, cartoons are used to teach us lessons. This one could be about looking after your teeth.
Sometimes there are funny shoes on cartoons. Sometimes the characters do super human things, like run really fast.
Some cartoons take place in space. The Jetsons were a great space cartoon.
Charlie Brown is a great cartoon. He was in the newspaper and on TV.
Catoons often have pets. They talk to each other and to people.

Traffic Signs and Lights
This sign tells the name of your street.
This sign tells people to slow down for a speed bump.
This sign says one way.
This sign says ducks may be crossing the street. So look out!
The stop sign is buried in the snow. yikes!
Stop lights tell people to stop or slow down or to go.
This green light says to go.
This red light says to stop!

Oklahoma Land Run
Oklahoma Land Run by Jeannie Haas & OKCPS AT Team
Oklahoma started with a land run.
Ready, set, GO!
Jump the gun.
Stake your claim.
Run for land.
Stake your claim.
Ride for land.
Stake your claim.
Drive for land.
Stake your claim.
Find your land.
Stake your claim.
The End.

Water Words
My book of water words.
A basin is shallow round dish for holding water.
A freshwater water that is not salty.
The plug-hole is a hole on lake where the water sink in. It looks cool!!
A dam is a barrier across a river or stream to hold back the flow of water.
A crater is a cup-shaped hole formed by a meteorite.
Surface is the outside part of anything .
A pond is a little small body of water.
A lake is large inland body of water fed by springs or melting snow.
A river a large natural stream of water that flows into an ocean,lake, or other body of water.
A stream a flow of water; any uninterrupted flow.
An ocean is a large body of salt water.
A dew is drops of moisture formed by warm air contacting a cool surface.
A mouth is a natural opening,such as the opening of a cave or canyon or the part of a river.

Frogs
The first stage in the life cycle of a frog.
This is the second stage of the frog's life cycle.
This tadpole has a long tail and tiny legs.
It transforms into a frog.

Traffic Signs
This sign tells people to slow down.
This sign tells people which way to turn.
This sign tells people which way the road goes.
This sign tells people to be careful of workers on the road.
This sign tells people to be careful of danger.
These are a lot of signs.
This sign tells people where you are going.

My Family
Kayla and my little brother Tyler.
Kayla and my Foster sister Sara.
Kayla, mom and step dad Tony.
Kayla and Sara at Christmas.

All About: The Sun and The Moon
The sun is a very big star.
The sun is very hot.
The sun is bigger than Earth and the moon.
Earth has only one moon.
The moon reflects the sun's light.
The sun and the moon are part of our solar system.

Spring has Sprung
It was a sunny day in spring.
When the animals came out, they looked for mates.
After they found mates, they had babies.
The babies hatched from eggs and the moms and dads took care of them.
Everyone goes outside sooner or later.

Everyday is Earth Day
Everyday is Earth Day.
I will recycle.
I will pick up trash.
I will turn off the faucet.
I will turn off the lights.
I will plant a flower.
I will stop the pollution.
I will walk.
I will turn off the TV.
Save the Earth!

Princess
The princess lives in the palace.
She has a very good-looking back silhouette.
She is very rich.
She is very smart.
She is very skinny.
But she doesn't have many friends.
Why?
Because her face looks like this.....

Oceans and Water
A sunset at the beach
A lady walking in the sand
Seagulls flying
Family playing
The colours of the ocean
Lovely purple sunset!
Fisherman at the beach
Deck chairs waiting for someone to sit down

Ovid: A Love for Rome
Militat omnis amans,
(Every lover wages a war,)
et habet sua castra Cupido:
(Cupid has his own campaign)
Attice, crede mihi,
(Believe me, Atticus,)
Militat omnis amans,
(Every lover wages a war,)

Our Wonderful Earth
This is the Earth.
This is where we live.
We share the Earth with other people.
We share the Earth with animals.
We share the Earth with plants.
We enjoy the beauty of the Earth.
We enjoy water from the Earth.
We enjoy what is good.
We love our country.
We need to take care of the Earth.
Taking care of the Earth is in our hands.

How Many Days?
How many days
has my baby to play?
Saturday,
Sunday,
Monday,
Tuesday,
Wednesday,
Thursday,
Friday,
Saturday,
Sunday,
Monday!

The Little Black Dog
The little black dog
ran around the house,
and caused the bull to roar,
and scared the monkey in the boat,
who began to row away,
and scared the rooster on the rock,
who hurt his throat while crowing.

George and Albert's Adventure into Town
There once was a bunny named George.
George had a friend named Albert. Albert was a bird.
Albert was a special bird because he could talk to humans.
One day George and Albert went on an adventure into town.
They played at the park.
They ate pizza.
They ate ice cream for dessert.
Before they knew it the sky got dark. George and Albert couldn't remember how to get home.
Albert asked a man how to get home.
The nice man told them how to get home.
Once they got home George and Albert were very tired. SO they fell fast asleep.

Brooks & Ms Dye go to the park
One day Brooks and Ms Dye went to the park.
They brought the remote control big red car with them.
Brooks took the big red car to the top of the curvy slide.
He pushed the button on the remote control And...
The big red car went down
the curvy slide.
This made all the children feel happy.

Ein Buch über das S
Ein Buch über den Buchstaben S
Das S kann am Anfang eines Wortes sein.
Dann hört es sich an wie eine Biene.
Wie bei dem Wort Sonne.
Und bei Sonnenblume.
Auch bei Sand,
Seehund,
Suppe
und Sandale.
Das S kann auch in der Mitte sein.
Wie bei Rose,
Hose,
lesen
oder Besen.
Am Ende vom Wort
klingt es wie eine Schlange.
Hör mal: Zirkus!
Oder bei Bus.
Auch bei Deinem Namen hört man ein S:
Sarah

Our Trip To The Fire Station
This is our trip to the fire station.
David is sitting with friends on a fire rescue truck.
Tyler is thirsty after walking to the fire station. He bought a pepsi.
Alexis is wearing a fireman hat with her friends.
Here is Bella with a friend and the firemen!
Wesley is relaxing and getting ready for his long walk back to school with friends.
We had a great trip to the fire station!!
THE END

Comment se sentent-ils?
Comment se sentent-ils?
Elle aime faire de la bicyclette.
Elle est contente.
Quelqu'un a pris son lecteur mp3.
Il est triste.
Elle s'est perdue.
Elle a peur.
Elle va manger beaucoup de nourriture.
Elle a faim.
Elle boit beaucoup.
Elle a soif.
Il baille.
Il est fatigué.
Ils se battent.
Ils sont fâchés.
Ils jouent dans la neige.
Ils ont froid.
Elle se mouche.
Elle est malade.
Il fait une caresse à son père.
Ils s'aiment.

Content!
Contents
Content
Contente
Content
Contente
Contente
Contentes
Content
Contente
Contente
Contente
Content
Contents
Content
Contente
Contente
Contente

Triste...
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste
Triste

My Pets
Would you like to meet Sam and Babe?
This is Sam.
This is Babe.
They love to play together!
They are always on my bed!

Nurturing the Social/Emontional Development of a Twice Exceptional Student
Nurturing the Social/Emotional Development of a Twice Exceptional Student
Elementary School Years
Be sure not to label children.
Encourage positive working peer groups
Mediate interactions to build positive peer play interactions.
Secondary Years
Develop Coping Strategies
Encouage Exploring their Passion
Don't focus on the negative behaviors!

I Love Herbs
I love food.
I love to cook.
I grow my own herbs.
I use only the freshest ingredients.
I shop at the local farmers' market and buy local produce.
I would like to have my own diner someday.
Everyone would come to my diner to get the freshest and best food.

Our Awesome Rainbow Garden
Jacob is making a hole to plant an avocado tree.
Mark is watering the green peas.
Vincent is helping his class plant seeds.
Talon is proud of their hard work!
Xavier is celebrating the Rainbow Garden.
Eddie is watering the vegetables.
Chase is shoveling a hole for the avocado tree.
HAPPY EARTH DAY FROM ALL OF US!

Happy Earth Day from Wellington Landings Middle School
Lily is working hard in the garden.
Angela is raking weeds!
Ryan is looking at the flowers.
Amanda is making sure the plants get plenty of water.
Devontay is putting the sign in the ground.
Alexis and one of the peer partners are watering the plants!
Our Rainbow Garden is BEAUTIFUL!!
HAPPY EARTH DAY!

Knocked Out
I got knocked out yesterday.
I was wrestling with a boy.
He took me down.
I hit my head on the mat.
I was knocked out.
I rode in an ambulance.
I am fine but my neck is sore.

Birthdays
It's my birthday today!
I like cake.
I like to blow out my candles.
I like Star Wars.

Tour of I.H.S.
Here is Irondale High School.
Here is the main entrance.
Here is the main parking lot.
Here is the horse-shoe parking lot.
Here is the football field.
Here is the track.
Here is the baseball field.
Here are the tennis courts.
Here is the garage.
Here is the courtyard.
Here are the ducks who live in the courtyard.
Here is the school store.
Here is the nurse's office.
Here is the career center.
Here are some lockers.
Here is the Knight's Delights Cookie Business.
Here is the band room.
Here is an art classroom.
Here is the PREP Kitchen.
Here is the school library.
Here are some computers, we have lots of computer labs.
Here is the school cafeteria.
Here is Knight's Choices, the hamburger line.
Here is Fit For Royalty, the main line.
Here is the salad bar line.
Here is one of the downstairs hallways.
Here are the upper and lower gyms.
Here is the pool.
Here is one of the weight rooms.
Here are some workout machines.
Here is the end of our tour! We hope to see you soon at Irondale High School!

My Friend
I had a very good friend.
My friend and I played soccer together.
My friend and I ate together.
My friend and I sat together.
My friend and I walked together.
But one day my friend and I got in a fight.
My friend made me so sad I cried.
I was very alone without my friend.
One day my friend sent flowers.
My friend said he was sorry.
I forgave my friend. We hugged.
Now my friend and I have fun again.
My friend and I promised no more fighting!

Christ Jesus
Jesus Rules Over All!
He loves little and big children.
He loves every man and woman.
Black or white he loves you.
He died on the cross for you.
They made Jesus carry his cross.
3 days after he died,he rose.
He died to forgive you for your sins.
He did miracles.
The sad part is he did not diserve to die.

Cheetahs Rock
I like cheetahs because they're really fast.
In fact it's my favorite animal.
It's so fast, it's the fastest animal alive.
Their claws are sharp!
Cheetahs are very,very good hunters.
Cheetahs claws aren't the only thing that's sharp, their teeth are also sharp.
Cheetahs probably don't have much trouble chasing their dinner!
Cheetahs would probably run miles to catch food.
Cheetahs are also fun to watch at the zoo.

Monkeys
I like monkeys.
Some monkeys are small.
Some monkeys are big.
Some monkeys are young.
Some monkeys are old.
Some monkeys can dance.
Some monkeys can sing.
I like all monkeys!

Animals
This is Bambi's friend.
The huskies are pulling the sleigh.
Cool! Look into the eye of the dolphin.
Malek and Daniel love otters because they are hard workers.
The penguins are cute because they are black and white covered in snow.
The cheetah is faster than the lion and the tiger.
The kitty is looking in the glass at himself.
This kitty is playing peek a boo.
The lion is king of the animals.
The tiger is walking on the grass and has sharp teeth.
The donkey is laughing really loud because he is silly.
The toad with the big green eye is red.

What I do
In the morning, I brush my teeth.
I use toothpaste.
I use a toothbrush.
I put on my shoes.
I brush my hair.
I go to school.
At school, I eat lunch with a spoon.
I use a napkin.
I eat with a fork.
At school, I play the computer.
I play with blocks.
I read a book.
I play with a car.
Then it is time to go. I get my bookbag.
I wave goodbye.

We Love Vegetables
The farmer grows peas.
The farmer grows tomatoes.
The farmer grows carrots.
The farmer grows corn.
The farmer grows broccoli.
The farmer grows potatoes.
The farmer grows lettuce.
The farmer grows onions.
We all eat the vegetables!

Wellington Landings Middle School
Tyler is singing to his class.
Eddie is looking at the legos.
Jacob is working hard!
Christian is buying a sugar-free diet coke at the fire station.
Chase is helping Alexis pick a colorful folder.
THE END

American Revolution Alphabet
American revolution alphabet by heather mccellon.
A. American Flag
B. British army
C. Concord
D. Daniel Boone
E.English
F.Franklin,Ben
G.George Washington
H. Henry, Patrick
I.Independence
J. John Pitcairn
K.King Mountain
L.Lexington
M.Massachusette,Boston
N.New port maps
O.Oariskany
P.Paul Revere
Q.Quebec City
R.Revolution War
S.Saratoga
T.Thomas Pain
V.Valley Forge
W.William Davies
X.Xavier cathedral cemetery french andindian
Y.Yorktown
Z.Zane, Elizabeth

Condidens Romam
Rhea Silvia erat sacerdos Vestae.
filii Rheae Silviae, appellantur Romulus et Remus, iacti sunt in Tiberim.
servati sunt et dati sunt cibum a lupa.
fiebant boni iuvenes.
constituerunt condere urbem in septem collibus.
sed quis collis?
numerare aves constituerunt.
Romulus desumit Palatinum Collem.
felicem diem natalem, Romae!
etiam cameli sunt laeti quod est natalis dies Romae!

Felicem Natalem, Rex?
Olim, erat canis, nomine Rex.
Rex habuit multos amicos, qui curaverunt eum.
Amici adeo eum curaverunt ut constituerent habere celebrationem natali Regis, XI Kal. Mai.
In XI Kal. Mai., Rex surrexit putans neminem ei felicitationes daturum esse.
Edidit ientaculum solus, et ambulavit solus.
Dum ambulabat, Rex sedit in sella lacrimavitque.
Subito, sui amici accesserunt eum quiete.
Deinde, clamaverunt, " felicem natalem diem, Rex!"
Rex erat laetissimus omnium.
Felicem natalem diem, Rex et Roma!

Rome's Founding (Abridged)
Roma condita est in anno DCCLIII a Romulo et Remo
Curati sunt a lupo
Constituerunt condere urbem
Sed disputaverunt quis regat
Et Romulus occidit Remum
Felicem diem natalem Roma!

Tammy & the Magic Cake
Quondam, Romana puella vixit nomine Tamila.
Amavit Romam et hodie fuit dies natalis Romae.
Tamila consituit facere magicum libum.
Tamila usa est praescripto Kristinis libo magico.
Contulit mel, lactem, et magicum.
Tulit omnibus amicis ut ederent magicum libum.
Dixerunt de Roma, Romulo, Remo, et Caesare.
Felicem Diem Natalem Roma!!!!!!

American Revoution Alphabet Book
American Revolution alphabet book
A. American
B. British
C. Colonies
D. Deborah Sampson
E. England
F. French
G. George Washington
H. Hill, Bunker
I. Independence
J. John Adams
K. King Mountain
L. Long Island
M. Massacre, Boston
N. New Port
O. Oriskany
P. Paul Revere
Q. Quebec
R. Revolution
S. Saratoga
T. Tea
U. Ushant
V. Valley Forge
W. William Dawes
X. Xavier Cathedral French and Indian Cemetery
Y. Yorktown
Z. Zane, Elizabeth

X BOX
This is an x box that Damani's friend Ricki has.
Jamarie and Damani like to play guitar hero.
These are the soldiers that fight the bad guys.
You need a controller to play x box.
The toy soldier is singing in the microphone.
These guys are playing x box at home.
There are a lot of x box games on the shelves. Pick one to play!
The racing game was awesome with the red and blue and black cars.
Damani and Jamarie like these chairs to sit in to play x box. It is really fun to play.

Babies
Stop biting my tail.
Get out of the water.
Lay down.
Go play with your family.
Stop chasing me.
I'm going to eat.
Stop licking me.
What?
Look out.
I'm hungry.
Big yawn.
Stop!
I'm staying.
Be quiet.
Come on.
Get off.
Go to sleep.
Roll over.
The babiess are sleeping.
what for me.
Put your tounge back in.
Get off of the printer.
Watch it.
Put me down.

Tiger Times
We are twins; can you tell?
I will pose this time.
Mom stop.
I see you.
Hey?
I am going to get you for that.
Dad what is that?
I got you.
What is that?
I am so cute.
What was that for?
This is mine.
What do you see?
Go away.
I saw that.
I am so hungry.

Historia Colossei
anno LXXX, colosseum aedificabatur Romae.
Multi cupiunt spectare gladiatores pugnantes
multi gladiatores iubentur pugnare,sed pauci cupiunt pugnare
triste est quod multi gladiatores occiduntur
deinde desinunt pugnarum.
hodie, Colosseum adhuc stat Romae.
vidi Colosseum ipse.

Dies Natalis Romae
Romani aedificabant multos aquaeductos
Coliseum est magnum et pulchrum.
gladiatores pugnant in Coliseo.
VENITE AD FORUM
Milites Romani sunt fortes et magni.
in theatro, Romani agunt in fabulis.
Romana monumenta sunt maxima in orbe terrarum.
Felicem diem natalem Roma!!

Phrases Elle
Elle joue au tennis.
Elle saute avec sa corde à danser.
Elle parle à une borne fontaine.
Elle s'ennuie de ses amis qui sont restés à la ville.
Elles encouragent les joueurs.
Elle fait du ballet.
Elles nagent dans l'eau.
Elles dessinent des arbres dans leur cour d'arts plastiques.
Une peinture de "Elle danse le ballet.
Elle cueille des fraises dans un champ.
Elle tient un mini déjeuner.
Elle tient un mini bol de fruits.
Elle est maquillée et a les cheveux mauves.
Elle tient son parasol.

The Birthday of Rome
Hodie est natalis dies Romae.
Urbs praebuit ludos omnibus.
Celebrati sunt omnem diem et noctem.
Cives bibere vinum debent.
Romani dormiverunt totam noctem.
Postridie magna pugna erat.
Omnes servi militesque fecerunt aciem.
Uterque gladiatorum tandem pugnavit ad mortem.
Unus miles mansit.
finis

Felicem Diem Natalem tibi, Roma!
Felicem diem natalem tibi, Roma!
hodie est initium anni MMDCCLXIII Romae.
Roma vixit diutissime.
Roma inter maxima imperia umquam erat.
ab Asia ad Britanniam extendit.
et a Gallia ad Aegyptum extendit.
sed anno CDLXXVI, Roma in duabus partibus dividitur.
nunc, regio in multis patriis dividitur.
sed adhuc legatum vivit.

Veni, Vidi, Vici
olim vir nomine Gaius Julius Caesar vixit.
valde ingeniosus imperator erat.
diu Galliam obsedit.
quodam die Galliam vicit.
cum Romam rediit, triumphum celebravit.
in uno plaustro, verba "veni, vidi, vici" scripta sunt.
haec verba valde clara facta sunt.
multi homines his verbis student hodie.
itaque celebremus diem natalem Romae virosque similes Caesari qui Romam tantam fecerunt.

Tim's Auto Show
Tim loves to look at cars.
In Detroit, Michigan car makers have a show to introduce new cars.
They hire pretty models to show the cars.
The woman in the red dress is looking at a car.
The engine is what makes the car run. The engine is under the hood.
The engine makes the tires rotate so that the car can go.
The model in the black dress has her hand on the hood.
Cars have four tires.
The model in the white dress is standing next to the front tire on the driver's side.
The driver needs to hold on to the steering wheel to keep the car moving safely.
The steering wheel can be hard plastic, or soft leather.
Cars have many lights - headlights on the front -
- and tail lights on the back.
This model has her hand on the headlight of a red car.
Cars have many mirrors for safety. This model has her hand on the side-view mirror.
There is a mirror on the inside of the windsheild. This model has her hand on the outside of the windsheild.
This windsheild has fuzzy dice hanging from the rear view mirror.
This model is leaning onto the windshield.
The drivers and passengers sit in the seats. The seats in fancy cars are made of leather.
This model is sitting in the passenger seat.
Some cars have 2 doors; some have 4 doors. The model in the green dress has her hand on the door handle.
The door on this black car is open.
Many cars have shiny chrome to make them fancy.
The model has her hand on the chrome of a fancy car.
Red cars and pretty girls at the auto show. What could be better?

I Went to the Grasslands
I went to the grasslands and what did I see?
A goofy giraffe looking at me!
I went to the grasslands and what did I see?
A lazy lion yawning at me!
I went to the grasslands and what did I see?
A munching monkey looking at me.
I went to the grasslands and what did I see?
A leaping leopard up in a tree!
I went to the grasslands and what did I see?
An eating elephant looking at me.
I went to the grasslands and what did I see?
Can you tell me what I see looking at me???

Field Trip
We will go on a field trip.
All of the students are excited about the field trip.
We will go to an amusement park.
We will go to a museum,too.
We will sleep with friends.
It will be very tiring.
But it is going to be a lot of fun.

CRAZY BOOK
Wow! The house is tilted.
Wow! The cat has a very thin neck.
The cat is coming!!
The man can make wind from his hands.
It's a real laser sword. So the man died.
Crazy cat? Crazy cat!
They have very, very, very fat lips.

Tabernārius
Porcus est tabernārius.
Porcus in tabernā est.
Tabernārius ōrnāmenta vēndit.
Ōrnāmenta, quae tabernārius vēndit, ānulī et līneae cum margarītīs sunt.
Tabernārius quoque gemmās vēndit.
Aliī porcī ānulōs vident, aliī porcī līneās cum margarītīs.
Porcus tabernārius bonus nōn est.
Nōn vēndit, sed dormit.

Little Boy
Little boy
blow your horn;
in the field
there are sheep.
Why are you asleep?

The Man in the Moon
The man in the moon
came tumbling down,
and asked the way to Norwich;
He started out south,
and burnt his mouth
while eating cold, plain porridge.

Three Blind Mice
Three blind mice,
see how they run!
They all ran after the farmer's wife,
who cut off their tails with a carving-knife;
Did you ever hear such a thing in your life?
three blind mice.

Hot-Cross Buns
Hot-cross buns!
Hot-cross buns!
One penny,
two penny,
Hot-cross buns! Hot-cross buns! Hot-cross buns!
If you have no daughters
give them to your sons!

The Navy
A big bad battle ship.
Lego people in action.
Fighter planes in action.
The grave of dead people.
Japanese soldiers in action.
A big ship at the docks.
A small submarine.
A big bad fleet.
More lego people.

Mean Animals
Read this book mate or I will whop you.
Aahh he whopped you (donk).
Ooo pointed triangle.
Get away I bite.
Through the jungle I sleep.
Whoa look you don't see that evey day.
What my mom gave me this hair cut.
I now know what you mean.
This is a weird book.

John 3:16
John 3:16
For God
so loved
the world
that he gave
his only son
that whoever believes in him
should not perish
but have everlasting life.

Cars
This is a new car.
This is a cool car.
There are a lot of old cars.
The fastest car is cool.

Danny's Boat Book
These boats are in a harbor.
These are pretty sailboats.
Row boats in the water.
Many boats docked at the ocean.
Three boats by the blue water.
These are shipwrecked boats.
A boat, a palm tree, and blue water.

Make Someone Happy
My brothers would be happy
if I cleaned
their room.
Corrin would be happy
if we talked as friends.
My teacher would be happy
if I read more.
My dog would be happy
if I rubbed his belly.
I would be happy
if someone gave me money.

PAPILIO
causa papiolionis
hinc
huc
hucque
hinc
huc
hinc
huc
hinc
huc
et huc
hinc
huc
DENIQUE
MAXIMUS RECTOR ORBIS TERRARUM UMQUAM NOTUS
TAM FELICEM DIEM NATALEM TIBI ROMAE, PROPTER VOS NOS SUMUS HIC HODIE

Roman Security
In porta Ostia,
hic agricola exspectat
ullam navem
sed milites compresserunt eum
vident agricolae tabellam
"praestigiator!" dicunt
et temptant reprehendere agricolam
agricola fugit a militibus
conscendit navem
et fit pirata
finis

American Eskimos
Dogs can be small.
Dogs can run faster than us.
Dogs can be cuter than us.
Dogs can look sad.
Dogs can scratch themselves.
Dogs can be friends with cats.
Dogs can wear glasses like us.
Dogs can get muddy.
Some American Eskimos look different.
American eskimos are cuter when they are kids.
Some American Eskimos are lighter than different dogs.
When they are in pictures, they are cute.
They can blend in with the snow.

Dogs!!
Three dogs listen to a story.
She is holding the puppy.
This puppy is brown.
These puppies are twins.
This is not a puppy! This is a tiger!
These dogs are fighting! That is not nice.
A wolf is in the same family as dogs.
The dog is reading this book!

Dogs
Dogs love to swim.
Dogs have fun getting wet.
Dogs are so cute.
Dogs have fun riding in cars.
Look at dog Santa Claus.
Dogs look cool too.
This dog has weird teeth.
Dogs love having adventures.
Dogs do many tricks.
Dogs are lazy too.
Dogs have good tricks on bikes.
Dogs love taking baths.

Trains in Colors
Trains in colors
A yellow train
A blue train
A white train
A red train
A red, white, and blue train
A black train
A yellow and silver train
A black and white train
A black and red train
A green train
A pink train
An orange train

Magni viri Romae
urbs antiqua
Libri Ciceronis difficiles erant.
Caesar multa bella gessit.
Brutus occidit Caesarem.
Horatius Ovidiusque comparant amorem cum bello.
Catullus putavit Lesbiam pulcherrimam esse.
Vergilius renuntiavit casus Aeneae.
Augustus fit princeps primus.

Frogs
There are many types of frogs.
This is what frogs look like when they are young.
You can have frogs as pets.
Some frogs have suction cups on their feet.
This is a red-eyed tree frog.
Sometimes frogs hop on lily pads. There are many habitats for frogs.

Animals, Alex Rama
Animals!
The tired dog.
The happy cat.
The rabbit with a cup of tea.
When the pigs fly...
This is a big whale.
Caution:"This horse gives kicks."
Howler of the night.
The stranger bird?
What's this?
The fattest cow.
Tiger hops over the water.
The animals are friends.

Over In the Meadow Animals
This is a meadow.
A turtle can dig.
A fish can swim.
A bluebird can sing.
A muskrat can dive.
A honeybee can buzz.
A crow can caw.
A cricket can chirp.
A lizard can bask.
A frog can croak.
A firefly can shine.

Gee, I'm a tree!
Gee, I'm a tree!
Geometry is outside.
Geometry is inside.
Look at all the pretty colors, lines, and shapes.
What about the volume?
Can a cat fit in a box?
What about this one?
Where can you find Geometry?

Henry Hudson
Henry Hudson was an explorer who sailed the seas.
Henry Hudson wanted to find a shorter distance to travel.
Henry Hudson explored the seas on a ship called the Half Moon.
Henry Hudson sailed the Atlantic Ocean twice and failed because of the icy waters.
Henry Hudson was forced to sail the icy waters and landed in New York.
Henry Hudson landed in New York and met Native Americans.
Henry Hudson was forced onto a small boat away from the Half Moon.
Henry Hudson was never seen again.
Even though Henry Hudson was never seen again, there was still good news from his exploration!
Henry Hudson increased fur trade with the Native Americans.
Henry Hudson also found the Hudson Bay and the Hudson River which is still used today!

Things I Want To Do
I want to go outside.
I want to write.
I want to color.
I want to blow bubbles.
I want to jump.
I want to run.
I want to take a bath.

Teorema de Pitágoras
Pitágoras, nació en Jonia, hacia el año 572 A.C y falleció en Metaponto, hacia el año 496 A.C.
Triángulo rectángulo, es el que tiene un ángulo recto. Un ángulo que mide 90 grados.
Los lados que forman el ángulo recto se llaman catetos.
El lado de mayor longitud,que es opuesto al ángulo recto, se llama hipotenusa.
Verifica esta igualdad: El cuadrado de la hipotenusa es igual a la suma de los cuadrados de los catetos.
Observa que en este triángulo rectángulo también se cumple la igualdad.
Pitágoras estudió estas igualdades y muchas más de este tipo.
... lo que dió lugar, posteriormente, para que se formule el teorema que lleva su nombre.
El teorema se enuncia así:
El cuadrado de la hipotenusa es igual a la suma de los cuadrados de los catetos.
Pero...¿para que sirve el teorema de Pitágoras?.
Para calcular el valor de uno de los lados del triángulo rectángulo, conociendo dos de ellos.
Si la incógnita es la hipotenusa, despejamos su valor del teorema de pitágoras.
Si la incógnita es uno de los catetos, despejamos su valor del teorema de Pitágoras.
Un ejemplo: Halla la longitud de la diagonal de un rectángulo cuyos lados miden 9 y 12.
Otro ejemplo: Calcula la altura de un tríangulo equilátero cuyos lados miden 6 unidades.

The Letter O
The Letter O. By Dina Kaufman
Oboe starts with O.
Orange starts with O.
Olive starts with O.
Orangutan starts with O.
One starts with O.

Meine Hobbies
ICH MAG FUSSBALL! MIT PAPA INS STADION ZU GEHEN, FINDE ICH KLASSE! WARST DU AUCH SCHON IM FUSSBALLSTADION?
ICH REITE GERNE. MEIN PFERD HEISST HIDALGO. REITEST DU AUCH?
ICH MAG AUTOS. AM LIEBSTEN FAHRE ICH IN UNSEREM AUDI. WELCHES AUTO FINDEST DU TOLL?
ICH GEHE GERNE AUF BAHNHÖFE UND SCHAUE MIR ZÜGE AN. BIST DU SCHON MIT EINEM I C E GEFAHREN?
WAS SIND DEINE HOBBIES? ERZÄHLE MIR DAVON!

A Trip to the Zoo
I took a trip to the zoo. The first animals I saw were the giraffes.
One giraffe drank water from a pond.
Meanwhile, the African wild dogs napped in the sun.
The rhino paced back and forth in his cage.
The baby kangaroos played while their mother watched carefully.
The stingray swam and swam.
The peacocks roam free and chose to sit under a bush.
The alligator shows off his big teeth even while he naps!
The snow leopard likes to nap curled up in the sun.
The meer kat family observes their surroundings. We had a great day at the zoo!

Dina's favorite things.
I like butterflies.
I like flowers.
I like dolls.
I like stuffed animals.
I like yogurt.
I like fruit.

The Four Seasons
Spring to summer, summer to autumn, autumn to winter and winter to spring.
Spring is here! Let's go outside.
I can hear the bees.
I can see the clouds.
I can smell the flowers.
I can see the butterflies.
Summer is here! Let's go outside.
I can go to the beach.
I can go swimming.
I can eat watermelon.
I can feel the raindrops.
Autumn is here! Let's go outside.
I can see the scarecrow.
I can see the leaves.
Oh no! Let's stay inside.
Happy Chuseok!
Winter is here! Bring your coat.
I can make a snowman.
I can skate.
I can fly a kite.
Merry Christmas!

Max's horse book
Falling off the rodeo horse
Weeeee! What a ride!
That's a blue eyed horse.
Two horses in a snowstorm
Taking a drink from the swamp
This horse has lots of spots.
Horses all in a row
Look out, here they come!
A buckin' bronco
Crunch, crunch, boy that hay is good!

Flowers
Purple flowers
Orange flowers
Yellow flowers
Blue flowers
Pink flowers
White flowers
YELLOW FLOWERS
Red flowers
Green flowers
Beautiful flowers

The One and Only Pecos Bill
Pecos Bill by Rick, Ruben, Jorge, and Ms. Olivarez
Pecos Bill and his family were traveling across the desert.
He fell down the wagon because
he was trying to catch a fish.
The river pulled in Pecos Bill.
Eventually, a pack of coyotes found him.
He grew up to be a cowboy
in the state of Texas.
He played with the rams.
He made a snake into his lasso.
Lightning was his fast horse.
He could kick you up to the moon.
Pecos Bill met a girl named Slewfoot Sue.
She was riding a catfish.
They got married
and had a wonderful life together.
The End

Piercings
There are many different piercings.
This is one kind of nose piercing.
This is another nose piercing.
You can get your tongue pierced.
These are called snake bites.
You can have a belly ring.
You can have eyebrow rings.
This is called a smiley.
Piercings can be fun!

My Dog Lucy
My dog Lucy
She was a good dog.
Lucy never liked the water.
Lucy loved the the snow
Lucy loved to play with toys.
She was 8 weeks old.
She was a golden yellow.
She was a cute puppy dog.
She was a good dog.
She got really old.
I love her a lot.
I will miss her a lot.

Yellow
I see a yellow bug.
I see a yellow sky.
I see a yellow rose.
I see a yellow sun.
I see a yellow duck. Quack! Quack!
I see a yellow dump truck.

The Water Cycle
Our planet earth is covered by a lot of water.
The water cycle is very important to our world.
The sun heats the water.
The water evaporates into the air.
The water condenses into clouds.
The clouds get heavy.
The water falls from the clouds as rain...
hail...
or snow.
It is also called precipitation.
Precipitation falls on the earth's surface.
It fills lakes,
rivers,
oceans,
ponds,
and streams.
The sun comes out and the water cycle begins again.

My Trip to Florida
My trip to Florida
We drove to Florida.
I saw giraffes.
I swam in a pool.
I dove to the bottom.
I went to Sea World.
I saw Shamu.
I stayed in a hotel.

What dogs can do
Dogs can learn just like people.
Puppies are so cute, but not when they bite.
Dogs can ride in a car, but they can't drive.
Dogs have fun swinging like little kids do.
They are fast.
Sometimes dogs are lazy.

Working at Work
We take a big white or gray van to and from work.
Sometimes we need to use the wheelchair lift on the big van Vincent drives.
When we get to work we do our jobs to earn some dough. We can shred...
...and we can do some janitorial work.
When we aren't working, we are learning. We go on outings, or my favorite, sign language class.
Sometimes we have book club.
Everybody loves BINGO on Friday afternoons.
The most important thing at work is respect, teamwork and cooperation.

Fun With Grandpa
I have fun with my grandpa.
We went fishing.
I drove old blue.
We go to the park.
We rode the four wheeler.
We had fun doing all these things.

Bears
A bear wants to see the people.
The bear is underwater.
A bear wants to put a bear paw on the ice.
The bears like to eat gummie bears.
That bear is rolling on his back and the other one is standing.
This bear is eating all of the fish.
A polar bear likes to sleep.
The bear is running.
Those bears like to play.

Basketball
Bounce and pass to me. I will catch it in a second.
Keep practicing.  It will make you very good at the game.
This is the basketball hoop. It's standing  outside of my  house.
What's the score? How many points did you score?
Wow! What a play! Where is the basketball?
Defense! Good job! That could be a very big play!
My favorite team is Lakers.
Jump and dunk until  the basketball gets into the hoop.
Cheerleaders are all pretty, and they like to dance.
He can do all kinds of tricks.
Yeah! Boo!  Go, go, go!  Is that cool or what?
Wanna hear a secret?  Someone's cheating.

Dogs
A lot of dogs like to have fun.
They love to swing too.
They are always getting dirty.
You have to bathe them no matter what.
Look at me. I'm hiding. SHHH don't tell no one.
I love this but I am tired.
Thanks for reading to me.
Hey, we need to go. There is something wrong.
Oh, I hate reading. Get me out of here!

John Henry
John Henry by Jorge, Ruben, and Ms. Olivarez
John Henry was a man who used a hammer.
He like to work with his father.
John Henry was very strong.
His first job was working in a cotton field.
It was too easy.
So he got a job on a riverboat.
He would fix the paddle wheels of boats.
He later got a job working on the train tracks.
One day, he was challenged to a contest...
to see who could tear through a mountain first.
After a few hours, the other person using a steam drill was ahead!
John Henry broke through the side of the mountain...
and he celebrated with his hammers.

Spider Monkeys
Spider monkeys are primates.
They can weigh up to 13 pounds.
Males have a popped out belly.
They swing arm over arm, from one limb to another.
They have very broad noses for smelling.
They eat nuts and seeds for their meals.
The mother cares for the baby.

Panda Bears
Mother pandas have live babies.
Baby pandas are very playful.
Lots of pandas are in captivity.
Pandas have a black and white disguise.
I am sure pandas would be happy in their habitat instead of captivity.

Elephants 2
Baby elephants stay with its mother all the time.
Elephants love to take baths. They also love to play. They are good swimmers too.
Elephants need fifty gallons of water a day.
Elephant's ears wave back and forth to keep is cool from the hot weather.
Elephants are smart and peaceful animals.
Elephants have to walk hundreds of miles to find water.
This is an African Elephant.
This is an Asian Elephant.
I wish I could save Elephants. They are so cute. I love Elephants.

Polar Bears
Polar bears can swim 6 mph. That is pretty fast for a Polar Bear.
If you look very close, you can see their very sharp, huge teeth; used to tear its prey apart.
As you can see this one is looking for food, like  seals.
I think his nose itches or he is taking a bath.
I hope you liked this and wish to research bears more. Thank you for reading my book.

Koala Bear
Koalas are not bears, they are marsupials.
When they are born, they are the size of a Lima Bean.
Then the koala grows in the mother's pouch for 8 months.
There are many types of koalas, like the Southern Koala.
Koalas spend up to 20 hours sleeping.
When it rains the koalas fur acts as a raincoat.
Koalas are usually found in Australia or at the zoo.
The koala's closest relative is the wombat.
Koalas usually live up to 17 years.
They eat up to 2 pounds of eucalyptus leaves a day.
The koala's paws are specially adapted for gripping and climbing.
A koala camouflages itself in trees from its predator.
A koala's nose is smooth and leathery.
Koalas are clumsy but strong swimmers.
A koala has strong arm and shoulder muscles.

Red Eared Slider Turtles
Turtles are interesting creatures. They are found throughout the U.S.A. east of the Rockies.
The Slider live mostly in water.
The Slider can be on land for a short amount of time.
Babies have to stay alone with a brother or sister for a short amount of time.
Mother Sliders lay their eggs on land and go out looking for food.
The turtles have red on their ear, that is how they get their name.
I love Red Eared Sliders.

Wolves
The wolf looks like a hunter.
Wolves are not aggressive.
Wolves lives in groups called a packs.
The wolf has been used as a symbol of evil.
The wild dogs of the world are called wolves.
A wolf howls to get its pack together.
Wolves has 42 teeth.

Pitcher Plant
The carnivorous plant opens it's lid.
A buzzing hornet flies in.
"Ploop!" Good-bye  Hornet!!!
One week later, a fly flies by...and sees the exoskeleton and flies away.
Some grow on vines.
Others grow along the ground.

Horses
Horses are amazing animals!
Horses come in all different sizes, colors, and mixture of colors.
They can be wild.
They can also be farm animals!
Horses are very fast animals.
They have very big nostrils on their nose.
Horses eyes can see almost all the way around their bodies!
I love horses!

Venus Fly Trap
Venus Fly Traps are carnivorous plants, meaning it eats meat.
They have a diet of flies, small spiders, and lady bugs; some grow big enough to eat crickets.
They grow better in poor soil, that's why they eat insects for more nutrients.
Venus Fly Traps naturally live in the bogs of North and South Carolina.
I love Venus Fly Traps.

Alaskan Husky
The best thing Alaskan Huskies do is sled racing.
For Alaskan Huskies, house training is really hard.
They are the best with kids and strangers.
Alaskan huskies are very fond of their family.
An Alaskan Husky is a puppy at heart.
Alaskan Huskies need to have a lot of physical exercise.
Alaskan huskies are great.

Cougar
A cougar stays with his mom for two years.
A cougar sleeps during the day and hunts at night.
Cougars love staying in trees.
Female cougars can have up to 1-5 cubs a year.

Grizzly Bear
A Grizzly bear can tear you to pieces faster than you can blink.
Some bears love to kiss!
Do not run if you see a bear. Stand still and do not lay down.
This bear looks feisty.
Some bears can be playful.
Grizzly bears love to hunt fish and sometimes eat grass!
Bears are aggressive. Do not bother them.
Bears love to hug themselves. They can weigh up to 950 pounds.
This bear is swimming.

Cottontail Rabbit
See the tail? It looks like a cotton ball, that's where it gets its name from.
Some cottontail rabbits are pets.
Some are not.
This one is fat and is eating.
But some look like other things. What does this look like?
This one is cute!
Thank you for looking at fat, cute, and different looking cottontail rabbits.

Ruth's sports book
The water is refreshing.
Leg stretches feel good.
Nothing but net.
Here is the winner.
Where's my chiropractor?
My rear is sore in the rear.
Only 40 laps to go!

Boa Constrictor
Boas sleep curled up.
Boas smell with their tongue.
Boas have no fangs.
Boas are COOL!!!!!!
Boas can weigh 60 pounds.
Boas can be six feet long.

Orca
Orcas are amazing animals.
Some Orcas are in the wild.
Some are in captivity.
Orcas like to eat lots of fish.
Orcas love jumping.
Most Orcas swim in pods.
Orcas are very friendly!
Orcas have blow holes.
They use it to breathe.
Orcas are mammals.
To me, Orcas are very amazing.

Snails
Snails can be different colors.
Snails can be very friendly.
This snail has just become an adult.
Snails eat plants which means they are herbivores.
Snails can stick to many surfaces.
After a long  life cycle, about 10-15 years, they will die.

Michael's dragonfly book
Dragonflies have fast wings.
This i s a blue dragonfly.
This dragonfly is sitting on a leaf.
This is a red dragonfly.
This dragonfly is sitting still.
This dragonfly is up high.

White
I see a white puppy. Ruff. Ruff.
I see a white cat. Meow.
I see a white flower.
I see a white tiger. Roar.
I see a white peacock.
I see a white duck. Quack.
I see a white bird.
I see a white snowflake.
I see a white rose.

Minnesota Twins
Orlando Hudson plays second base. He is  number 1.
Brendan Harris  plays third base. He is number 23.
J.J. Hardy plays short stop. He is  number 27.
Michael Cuddyer plays right field. He is  number 5.
Denard Span plays center field. He is  number 2.
Delmon Young plays left field. He is  number 21.
Jason Kubel is a designated hitter. He is  number 16.
Jim Thome is a designated hitter. He is  number 25.
Scott Baker is one of the starting pitchers. He is  number 30.
Joe Mauer is the catcher. He is  number 7.
Jon Rauch is the closing pitcher. He is number 60.
Go Twins!

Disney World
I am going to Disney World.
I will see Mickey Mouse.
I will see Goofy and Pluto.
I like Donald Duck.
I like Winnie the Pooh.

I Love the Twins
Joe Mauer swings the bat.
Joe Mauer got a hit.
Joe Mauer tips his hat.
Joe Mauer sits with his friend Justin Morneau.
Joe Nathan got an out.
Denard Span can slide.
Jason Kubel gets wet.
Nick Punto caught the ball.

Antique Radios
These are old radios.
This is a radio station.
Here are more antique radios.
This is a 1980's radio.
This is an antique Grundig.
These are Hamiture radios.
This is a Walkman radio.
This is a home stereo.
This is a portable radio.
This is another antique radio.

Mis Comidas Favoritas
Me gusta las galletas de Jengibre.
Me gusta cocinar para mi familia.
Mi sopa favorita es de letras.
Mi postre favorito son las frescas.

Spring
I love spring flowers.
I love spring storms.
I love the green grass of spring.
I love the spring sunshine.
I love spring birds.
I love walking the puppies in  spring.
I love bees in spring.
I love spring.

Food to eat
I like to eat.
Food is good.
This is kiwi.
This is chicken with chile.
I like chicken.
Fruit is good.

Animals
Animals are cute.
Animals are lovable.
Animals are fun to play with.
Animals are joyful to have around.
Animals are thirsty.
Animals are singing.
Animals are fun to look at while people go on walks.
Animals are fun to listen to at night time.
Animals are fun to cuddle with day and night.
Animals are cute when they are adults.
Animals are cute when they are sleeping.
Animals are cute when they are hopping around outside.
Baby animals are happy when swimming.
Baby animals are happy when they are with their mom.
Baby birds are hungry and want food.
Baby animals are learning how to walk.
Baby animals are swimming in the lake with their parent.

All About Dogs
This is a silly dog.
These dogs are riding in cars.
This dog is sleepy.
These are Hollywood dogs.
This is a happy dog.
This is a goofy dog.
These are dressed-up dogs.
This is a serious dog.

Spring
Spring is fragrant.
Spring is wet.
Spring is stormy.
Spring is happy.
Spring is sunny and relaxing.
It should always be Spring.

Fire
Fire
Fire is dangerous and hot.
Fire burns things.
Fire hurts people.
These are flames.

All About My Fish Tank
My fish tank has a Rainbow Beta.
I am getting a new Plecostomus.
My Tetra is red, white and blue.
I have a Beta Bulb in my tank.
My fish like to swim and eat.
My fish tank makes me feel good.

Charlotte's Web 2 - GT
Templeton and Wilbur are at the barn. The problem is that Templeton is too fat.
Wilbur tries pushing on his belly. That did not work.
Wilbur tries shortening his diet. Templeton said 'no' to that.
Wilbur tries to make him go to the bathroom more. That didn't work either.
Wilbur tries to make him work out. That did it!

TC Charlotte
There was an old barn in the book Charlotte's Web.
It was very peaceful and quiet.
Nellie, Joy, Aranea were enjoying an insect, Wilbur was asleep in the mud, and everyone else was talking very quietly.
"Wilbur, oh Wilbur" Nellie said quietly.
"I have a surprise for you." Wilbur said, "What is it? What is it?"
"I have an egg-sack." Wilbur started to cry.
He felt bad that Charlotte died when she had an egg-sack.
"But you're going to-" Just then Zuckerman came in.
"Well old Wilbur, the fair called and they're running out of pork,..
so you're gonna have to go bye bye." Wilbur squeaked,"No, no!"
He was at the fair and Charlotte came in his dream.
"Wilbur, I'll save you don't worry."
Then Wilbur woke up, and he was back at the farm.

MM Charlotte
There are hunters that want to kill Wilbur. The spider has to save him.
Lets try to trick them into giving him slops Ha! Ha! Ha!
In the barn, Fern wanted to see the baby calf.
The cow was so big that they took it to the fair.
Fern forgot about Wilbur.
Then she remembered to get Wilbur ready at the last hour of the day.
At the fair, Wilbur and the cow were right next to each other.
It was fun until the hunters came.
They were in disguise but Nelly saw.
"Bam! Bam! Bam!" the gun shot. Nelly quickly made a web.
The bullets hit the web and Wilbur was saved.
Someone called the cops and arrested the hunters. Wilbur got the gold medal.

Charlotte's Web - TF
Once upon a time, there was a zoo.
Nellie, Joy, Aranea, and Wilbur went to the zoo.
Then they came across a lion. It looked vicious.
They tried to get past the Big Horn Sheep. They got past the sheep.
They had a rough day at the zoo.

Stroke
A Stroke is a blood clot in the brain.
It is important to get to a hospital immediately.
Sometimes surgery is necessary.
Many people stay in a hospital for long term rehabilitation.
A stroke can strike anyone at any age.
The effects of a stroke can greatly affect families.
That is why it is important to get treatment immediately.

Breast Cancer
Breast Cancer 
by Sarah
Breast Cancer is a horrible, life threatening disease.
Breast Cancer refers to cancers originating from breast tissue.
Breast Cancer is 100 times more common in women than in men.
It is the 5th most common type of cancer related death.
Genetic factors usually increase risk,  the earliest signs of Breast Cancer are detected by mammograms.
Usually the first symptom is a lump; by the time it is found it has been growing for sometime.
Radiation, chemotherapy and surgery are all options to treatment.
Early detection is the best prevention.
References: Wikepedia and Flicker

My Spring Break
My Spring Break.
For my spring break I went to Boise, Idaho.
I went to a hockey game!
I hung out with my family.
I went and saw a movie.
I saw the movie Diary of a Wimpy Kid.
It was fun!

My Spring Break
My Spring Break
I went to Boise, Idaho, for spring break
I went to a hockey game!
I hung out with my family.
We went to see movie!
I saw Diary of a Wimpy Kid.

Frogs
The mother frog lays many eggs.
The eggs hatch into baby tadpoles.
It grew legs, its tail shortened, and it will soon leave the water.
Its legs are getting longer and stronger.
The tadpole has now fully grown into a frog. Some frogs live between water and land.
This frog is sitting on a leaf waiting for it's prey.

sidney crosby and mario lemieux
The Penguins are a great team. Let's talk about 2 of their stars.
First let's talk about Mario Lemieux, he won Stanley cups 91 and 92.
Here is his jersey.
Today Mario works for the Penguins.
Now let's talk about Sid Crosby.This photo was taken during the Olympics.
This is Sid sitting in the stands.
I hope you  enjoyed my story, that will rap it up.

The Game
Duck.
Duck.
Duck.
Duck.
Duck.
Duck.
Goose!

Teachers
Some teachers use chalkboards.
Good teachers have many books.
Some teachers use computers.
Most teachers have their own classrooms.
There are teachers all over the world.
They can teach us about the world.
They can teach us about chemistry.
They can teach us about music.
They can teach us about math.
They can teach us about animals. This little tree frog is called a Coquí.
I want to be a teacher when I grow up.

Lulu   and  Bobo
Years ago there was a  Rainbow Boa named Lulu. She is a princess.
There was a prince named Bobo.
Lulu's Uncle was a mean man, he did not like anyone.
Bobo's aunt is  a nice  lady, she  loves ever one.
There  friend,  Jo Jo, was  a monkey. He a funny.

My grandpa's dog Gontae
There once was a dog named Gontae. He always obeyed.
He tried to jump the fence a lot!
The one in the middle is Gontae.
He was protective of my grandma.
He was very energetic, but/ he slept a lot.
Gontae could sit, lay down, roll over, and fetch.
He got a disease.
Then he had to get put down.
We still have good memories.
Like this...

The Cute Cats
This cute cat named Princess is beautiful as she smiles.
My other cat, named Debbie, likes to stare.
This cats name is named Deborah Ann Louise McDonald Lambert.
This cat is annoyed by people coming by.
This cat wants my soup.
This cat is looking up in the sky.
This cat wants to sleep in peace.
This cat says "It's my food!"
This cat is thirsty for water and he has no other choice.
This cat is sleepy and tired.
This cat likes water.
These cats are looking out the window.

Lives of Lions
The Lives of Lions
There once was a happy couple of lions.
They had two twin cubs.
They both loved them so.
But one day they got into an argument and split up, with one cub each.
The father lion went alone in the wild.
The mother lion got very sad and became lazy.
Years later they met again and they'd forgotten about their fight and they had.
The cubs had grown since the lions broke up.
As the cubs got older they became more playful.
When they grew up they were battling for the pride.
The first cub became the leader of the pride.
With another lion, he had two new lion cubs.
And they lived happily for the rest of their lives.
The End

Bob the Penguin
Bob was playing with his friends and the snow piled on him.
He was the chick that everybody loved; he was the runt.
Bob lived in Africa and he was not normal. He was the only one that picked leaves from trees.
He had lots of friends and he grew up quick.
Now he was in love with a girl penguin named Molly.
He loved her very much and they were going to get married.
Well they did and they had chicks together. Bob loved them and so did Molly.
Well one of their chicks was fussy.
Their chicks grew up and were in love with girls.
Bob became the emperor of the penguins and he loved it. He also loved his children.

The Man Named Lebron.
He is getting mad at the players.
He is in a dunk contest.
Lebron stole the ball from him.
That was a nice dunk.
He is shoving the guy.
He look so cool.
It's Kobe and Lebron.
He made the foul shout.
He is looking up at the score.
Lebron stole the ball from him and scored.
He is blowing powder at the fans.
He is walking on the court.
Lebron shot and made it.
He is standing there.
He made a nice dunk.
He is warming up.
He is blowing his nose.
Lebron stole the ball from the guy.

Hockey
Hockey is a great game.
This is the Mellon Arena where the Penguins play
This is a Detroit Red Wings player lifting the Stanley Cup.
Hockey is played on ice or...
on road!
Detroit is known as Hockey-Town.

Dirtbike racers
He went so high they called him air born.
There were three girls judging a dirt-bike race.
She is a model for the dirt-bike riders.
People think he is cool and brave because he does a trick in the air.
A guy doing a wheelie on a jump.
The girls are happy because the guy won the race.

bulldog madness!
Marksy the dog loved the couch espeshally with belly rubs. But he had to do the puppy dog face just for people to do it.
Did I mention he was lazy?
His specialty was flying!
But he said that he didn't get enough food. He said he is suffering.
He says,"I'm keeping the chickens for food."
He saw the president and got a picture of him beside The Great Wall Of China.
He is now on TVs everywhere.
Then he met a girl and had a son.
Then the cycle went on again.

The Cute Panda
There once was a panda named Mallorie.
She always liked to play hide and seek.
She was really fat because she always ate.
She snuck out of her cage and went to the water fountain.
She hates when you disturb her in her bathtub.
Then she had a panda named Zhen Zhen.
Zhen Zhen likes playing tag with humans.
Zhen Zhen can not bathe himself at his age.

Dragons
Dragons are mythical creatures.
Many cultures use them. Vikings used to have dragon boats.
This dragon carving is from 
china.
This dragon sculpture is made of metal.
This colorful dragon is in a children's book.
This dragon is made out of Legos.
You can collect little statues of dragons.
You can even wear them! So even though dragons are mythical creatures, they are everywhere.

My flying squirrel
I once had a pet Flying Squirrel named Violet.
My dad accidentally raked her up in the leaves.
She loved to climb everywhere!
She was the cutest animal I had ever seen.
I learned they could glide with their wings...
and soar from tree to tree.
She was the coolest pet I ever had!

Michael Jackson
The Story of Michael Jackson
Michael Jackson was born on August 29, 1958.
In 1964, Michael joined his brothers in The Jackson 5.
In 1971, Michael went out on his own as a solo artist.
1982's THRILLER is the best selling album of all time.
He is famous for the robot and the moonwalk.
He was known as the King of Pop.
My favorite songs are "Billie Jean", "Rock With You", and "Thriller".
Michael died on June 25, 2009. I will miss him!

Fashion
Fashion!
Boys and girls love fashion.
Models show us the new fashions.
Fashion is different around the world.
You can have your own type of fashion.
Some people like old fashioned things,
and some people like new fashion.
People like to take pictures of fashion.
You can have clothing fashion,
shoe fashion,
or makeup fashion.
Many people love fashion, it's great!

What Dolphins Like
Dolphins like to enjoy a pretty sunset.
Dolphins like to show off how pretty they are.
Dolphins like to hang out with their friends.
Dolphins like to go for a swim.
Dolphins like to give people rides.
Dolphins like to do tricks.
Dolphins like to have a best friend.
Dolphins like to jump really high!
Dolphins like to talk.
And most of all, Dolphins like to smile and say Good Bye!

Paul Bunyan and Babe's Life
Paul Bunyan by Jorge, Rick, and Ms. Olivarez
Paul Bunyan was a lumberjack who would chop trees down, and plant seeds in the same place.
It was said that he could take down 16 trees with one swing of his ax.
He was born in the state of Maine.
When he was 2 weeks old he weighed 100 pounds.
He was big and strong.
Paul Bunyan had a blue ox named Babe.
Babe the Ox would help carry the logs.
Babe was strong and measured 42 ax handles high.
Paul had a business called the Big Onion Logging Company.
Everyday for meals, his men had to strap fat to their shoes and stand on a skillet it to grease it.
He always took breaks when he was working.
Paul and Babe retired.

Survival Guide For Soccer
When you play soccer, you need a scoccer ball.
When you play soccer, you need friends to play with.
When you play soccer, you need shoes called cleats.
When you play soccer, you need to practice to be good.
Soccer is a lot of fun because you get to run.
You can play soccer indoors.
You can play soccer outdoors.
Soccer is a fun sport to play and everyone should try playing.

Temperature
Thermometers
Is it cold or hot inside?
Is it cold outside?
Am I sick?
How hot is my food?

Light
Light travels in waves.
This is an example of REFLECTIVE light.  The mountains are reflecting off of the water.
The moon is REFLECTING off of the water.
This is water drop is TRANSPARENT.  Light is passing through the water drop.
This is a light bulb.  The light from a light bulb spreads out in all directions.
This wooden desk does not let light pass through it.  It is called OPAQUE.
Bubble wrap allows only SOME light to pass through it.  It is called TRANSLUCENT.
Light is everywhere.

Shyvez' Dinosaurs
Some dinosaurs live in the woods.
Some dinosaurs eat meat.
Don't get too close to his mouth!
This could happen if they were real and alive.
Some attack you in your dreams.
Some are white like the clouds.
Some dinosaurs have statues.
Some chicken dinosaurs can eat you!
I like playing with toy dinosaurs.
Some are red with black dots.
Some dinosaurs can bite your fingers off.
Some dinosaurs are in a museum.

Chickens
Chickens
Chickens are colorful and soft.
Chickens fights bad guys.
This is a kung-fu chicken.
This is a karate bird.

DEVIL PIG
DEVIL PIG.
The devil pig is mad and fat.
The devil pig eats bodies.
He is the devil.
He is a fat, demon pig.

Pearl Harbor
Pearl Harbor was a attack on Hawaii.
The Japanese destroyed 25 of America's 98 ships.
The Japanese attacked by air.
The Japanese dropped about 86 bombs.
It is an important attack because we learn about it in school.
The end.

Shapes in 3D
I see shapes everywhere.
I see a triangular prism.
I see cones.
I see a sphere.
I see a cube.

3d Shapes By: newt
I see 3D shapes.
I see a triangular prism.
I see a cone.
I see spheres.
I see a cube.

shapes in 3d by: michael
I see 3D SHAPES.
I see a cone.
I see spheres.
I see a cube.

Shapes in 3D by Aidan
I SEE 3D SHAPES.
I see a triangular prism.
I see a cone.
I see a sphere.
I see a cube.

3D SHAPES BY: ZOIE
I SEE 3D SHAPES.
I see a triangular prism.
I  see a cone.
I see a sphere.
I  see a cube.

SHAPES IN 3D
I SEE 3D SHAPES.
I see a triangular Prism.
I see a cone.
I see a sphere.
I see a cube.

Teepee Picture Book
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee
Tepee

Chris the king
Chris
Chris is handsome, Adonis-like.
Chris listens to music.
Chris is all powerful.
Chris is the God of thunder.

Louis Armstrong by Andy Zownir
Louis Armstrong was born on August 4, 1901 in New Orleans, Louisiana.
He lived in Chicago and New York City. He also lived in New Orleans, Louisiana.
In 1936, his 1st Autobiography is published: Swing that Music.
Louis married Lil Hardin in Chicago.
In 1917, he replaced Joe Oliver in the Kid Ory Band.
Music makes him famous.
He made music with his trumpet.
In 1929, he stars in Hot Chocolates, a broad way musical.
Music kept Louis out of trouble.
In 1971, Louis Armstrong died on July 6.

Frederick Douglass
Frederick Douglass, an important African American.
Frederick Douglass was born a slave in Maryland in 1818.
In 1838, he escaped to New York. He married Anna Murray on September 15 and moved to New Bedford, Massachusetts.
Douglass decided to write a book, The Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, about his life as a slave.
He went to Great Britain to give speeches about his life in 1845.
In 1847, he returned to America. He started his own newspaper called The North Star.
Douglass met President Lincoln in 1863.
In 1872, he worked to get congress to pass a law giving African Americans the right to vote.
Frederick Douglass died in 1895.

Shapes In 3D
Shapes are everywhere.
I see a sphere.
I see a cone.
I see a rectangular prism.
I see a pyramid.
I see a cube.
I see a triangular prism.
I see 3D shapes everywhere.

Booker T. Washington
Booker Taliaferro Washington
In 1856, Booker T. Washington was born in Franklin County, Virginia.
In 1865 Washington moved to Malden, West Virginia.
In 1872-1875 Washington attended the Hampton Institute.
In 1881 Washington opened the Tuskegee Institute.
In 1895 Washington gave his famous "Atlanta Compromise" speech at the Atlanta Cotton Exposition.
Washington died at home on November 14, 1915.

Rosa Parks
Rosa Parks
Rosa Parks was born in 1929. She was born and raised in Tuskegee, Alabama.
She left school when she was seventeen to care for her grandmother.
She refused to move her seat on a bus for a white man.
She was arrested.
She was taken to jail from the bus.
Martin Luther King Jr. became involved. He spoke out against segregation.
The Montgomery Bus Boycott began.
The Montgomery Bus Boycott lasted for more than a year.
When it was over, the laws changed so that everyone could take the bus and sit where they wanted to.
Rosa Parks was given an award from President Clinton.
Then on October 24,  2005 she passed away.

Plants
Birds pollinate trees.
Some plants protect themselves.
All plants have leaves.
Plants are colorful!
Some plants have flowers.
Most plants have seeds.
Roots hold the plants in the soil.
Plants need air to survive.
Plants like to drink water.
Plants get their food in different ways.
Most plants need sunlight.

The Letter Mm
M is for monkey.
M is for mom.
M is for man.
M is for money.
M is for mall.
M is for mouth.
M is for mouse.
M is for meal.
M is for mustache.

I like to...
I like to do a lot of things.
I like to get my nails done.
I like to party.
I like to go shopping.
I like to yell.
I like to watch scary movies.
I like to stay up late.
I like to laugh.
I like to watch cartoons.
I like to do a lot of things.

Magnificent Movies
Movies are magnificent.
Alice in Wonderland is awesome!
Mall Cop is cool!
Spiderman is spectacular!
How To Train Your Dragon is hilarious!
Movies are magnificent.

Tina
One day, Tina and Jordan went for a walk in the woods.
Tina and Jordan ran into a strange old lady.
She told them to stay out of the woods, but they did not listen.
Tina and Jordan walked farther and farther into the woods.
Tina and Jordan found an enchanted forest deep inside the woods.
Tina and Jordan fell asleep in the enchanted forest.
When Tina woke up, Jordan was gone!
Tina looked and looked everywhere, but she could not find Jordan!
Tina started to cry.  Jordan was gone!
A fairy then came from behind a tree and told Tina that Jordan was put under a spell and forgot about her!
The fairy gave Tina some dust to sprinkle on Jordan to break the spell.
Tina ran to Jordan's house.  When he opened the door, Tina threw the dust on him.
Jordan remembered her!
Tina and Jordan had never been happier to see each other.  They lived happily ever after.

Padra's Big Day!
Padra's Big Day!
Padra is just an ordinary girl with lots of dreams, trying to find her path in life.
She likes hanging out with her friends and cousins.
She really enjoys break dancing and does it at every given opportunity.
One day at school she was dancing and one of her teachers noticed her talent.
There was a huge talent show coming up that she told Padra about.
So Padra practiced for days getting ready for her big day.
The big day finally arrived and Padra danced her heart out.
At the end of the show everyone clapped and now she is famous in everyone's eyes.

Rock &Roll Wrestling
Rick Flair is called the Nature Boy. Rick Flair is always styling and profiling.
The Undertaker is scary. The Undertaker is evil.
Kurt Angle is excited about his victory. Kurt Angle is also a world champion.
Some women are wrestlers. Some women are smoking hot wrestlers!
Some wrestlers are buff and wear tight pink trunks.
Wrestlers are great athletes. Wrestlers preform high flying tricks.
Some wrestlers are buddies. Some buddies need Nutrisystem.
The Big Show is a large man. The Big Show is a bald man.
Some wrestlers are tall. Some wrestlers are short.
Samoan Joe is mean. Samoan Joe is tough.
Some wrestlers are angry all the time. Some wrestlers are funny.
Some wrestlers are legends. Some wrestlers are fan favorites.

Play!
I like to play hockey!
I like to play baseball!
I like to play the Wii!
I like to play in the snow!
I like to watch WWE wrestling!

If You Give a Child A Bike
If you give a child a bike,
he'll need a helmet.
After he gets a helmet, he'll want to go for a ride.
When he is finished with the bike ride, he'll want a drink of water.
Then he'll be hungry and want a snack.
After the snack, he'll want to take a nap.
When he wakes up from his nap, he'll want to take another bike ride.

Animals
Animals
Dogs like to run.
Cats are furry.
Birds sing pretty songs.
Fish swim in the water.
Turtles have hard shells.
Snakes are scaly.
Hamsters are fuzzy and small.
Horses are big.
I love animals!

Pickup Trucks
I like camouflage pickup trucks.
Red is my favorite color.
This truck is old and slow, but crazy.
This truck is new and yellow. Awesome!
This truck stops to rest because it is tired.
Will you help me fix my old buddy?
This truck is big, black,tough, fast and a smooth drive
Lighted trucks make me excited.
Trucks are the best machines around the house.
I'm just looking.Do you have it in another color?
Grandpa won the race. Hard to believe, but its true.
Are there enough pumpkins for Halloween?

My Choice
I have to choose a place to live.
I can live in a building in the city.
It is called an apartment.
I can live in a house...
In the country.
I can live with family.
I can live with friends.
I can even live by myself.
I can live in a group home,with lots of people.
I can live in a care center.
Just in case I need a little help.
I will need to make a choice.

More Signs of Spring
More Signs of Spring
In Spring, I can walk outside.
In Spring, I can a ride a horse.
In Spring I can fish.
In Spring, I can go to the park with my mom.
In Spring, I can walk in the rain.
In Spring, I can see classic cars.
In Spring, I can plant a garden.
In Spring, I can see tadpoles.
What can you do with a spring?

Disney World
I can go to Disney World!
I fly at Disney World.
I ride a train at Disney World.
I see a giraffe at Disney World.
Donald is at Disney World!
I see fireworks at Disney World
I ride a roller coaster at Disney world.
I get in a car.
I go up, up, up!
I ride down, down, down.
GREAT!!

I like fish
The kids like fish.
Jellyfish are pretty.
They sell a lot of fish.
This fish has bright colors.
These fish are orange.
The fish is in the bowl.
The water is pretty.
The people are watching the fish.
This fish is hiding.

Who lives in a Pond?
Who lives in a pond?
A frog lives in a pond.
Who lives in a pond?
A fish lives in a pond.
Who lives in a pond?
A turtle lives in a pond.
Who lives in a pond?
A tadpole lives in a pond.
Who lives in a pond?
A lily pad lives in a pond.
All of these live in a pond.

San Jose Taiko Drumming
Their beat is cool.
I like their drumming.
Taiko Drumming is Japanese.
It was cool when she was playing the flute.
I like how the beat sounds.
They use the music to battle.
Their drums are cool.
Their shoes are totally awesome.

Big and Little
Big and Little
An elephant is big.
A mouse is little.
An ant is little.
A horse is big.
A doghouse is little.
A building is big.
A baby is little.
A man is big.
The End

Aliens vs dinosaurs
One day there was a dinosaur.
He was a big dinosaur.
Watch out because he is a Trex.
He is scary.
Aliens are coming.
Aliens are creepy.
Aliens are scary.
The Aliens will fight the dinosaurs.
Warn your friends!!!

A Day in the Life of a Spotty Dog and her Little Sister
This is a story about me, Spotty Dog, and my little sister, Sweetie Pie.
Good morning.
Time to clean my teeth.
Remember to dry behind your ears.
Morning nap time.
It wasn't me.
It wasn't me either.
Can I help?
I love riding in the car.
Afternoon nap time.
Let's play hide and seek.
Bed time.

Snow Day!
I love everything about the winter!
I love making snowmen.
I love making snow angels.
I love drinking hot chocolate.
I love catching snowflakes with my tongue.
I love to play with my dog in the snow.
I love to go sledding in the snow.
I love everything about the winter!

Playing The Game
I put my basketball shoes on.
I put my basketball jersey on.
I steal the ball from the other team.
I dribble down the court.
I dribble the ball fast.
I shoot the ball into the net.
I make the basket.
The crowd goes crazy!

Lady Bug
Lady Bug, Lady Bug, how do you roam?
How do you walk with your head going down?
How do you walk under a curve?
How do you walk upside down?
How do you stand on a round little dot?
How do you lie on the edge of a petal?
How do you hang from a thin little stem?
Lady Bug, Lady Bug, why did you fly away?

I See Numerals 1 Through 5!
I see one...
rabbit.
I see two...
ladybugs.
I see three...
ants.
I see four...
kittens.
I see five...
puppies.
Now you have read about the numerals 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.

Ladybug and the Five Senses!
Ladybug! Ladybug! What are you doing?
I am smelling a white flower with my nose.
Ladybug! Ladybug! What are you doing?
I am listening to a bird hum a tune in my ear.
Ladybug! Ladybug! What are you doing?
I am tasting a sweet, juicy orange with my tongue.
Ladybug! Ladybug! What are you doing?
I am looking at a beautiful butterfly with my eyes.
Ladybug! Ladybug! What are you doing?
I am touching this tiny green leaf with my little feet.
Ladybug! Ladybug! What are you doing?
I am using all my senses: smell, hearing, taste, sight, and touch.

Spring Counting
Spring Counting
I see one bunny.
I see two birds.
I see three frogs.
I see four flowers
I see five umbrellas.
I see six easter eggs.
I see seven chicks.
I see eight kites.
I see nine jellybeans.
I see 10 butterflies.

My Horse Book
At my school we really have a cool barn.
The ring is so much fun.
We like to walk the goat.
The horses are eating hay.
Milkshake likes to go for a walk.
He likes to get groomed.
I like to watch the horses.
I like to ride the horses.
I like to walk the horses.
The horses like to take rests.
The sun is really bright so this horse stayed in the shade.

I live on a farm! Who am I?
I live on a farm. Who am I?
I have a curly tail and love to play in the mud. Who am I?
I have a wool coat and say baa-baa. Who am I?
I wiggle and waddle. I have webb feet. Who am I?
I have a shaggy beard and long horns. Who am I?
I can bark and wag my tail. Who am I?
I have a mane of hair on my neck and like to eat hay. Who am I?
I look like a horse. I say ee-aw, ee-aw. Who am I?
I moo and you can get milk from me. Who am I?
I can lay eggs. Who am I?
I am white and bigger than a duck. Who am I?
I crow at sunrise.       COCKADOODLEDOO  Who am I?

Did You Know?
Did you know that...
problems are...
possibilities!
Obstacles are...
opportunities!
Even when you fall down..
get back up!
Smile...
and run a mile!
Never quit...keep going!

I Like Art!
I like to draw with pencils.
I like to draw with crayons.
I like to draw with markers.
I like to draw with chalk.
I like to draw with paint.
I like to draw candy.

Play the Game!
Basketball is the name of the game.
Kids can play.
It is a girls' game too.
Some people play for fun.
For some people, it is their job.
You can not play anywhere.
But, if the ground is paved...
...and you have a goal...
...get out there and play!

Letter I
I is for ice cube.
I is for instruments.
I is for ice cream.
I is for ironing board.
I is for iguana.
I is for Indian.
I is for ironing.
I is for ice skates.
I is for island.
I is for insect.

Making Music!
Some people play the saxophone to make music.
Some people listen to others make music at a concert.
Some people play the piano to make music.
Some people play the guitar to make music.
Some people create a band with other people to make music.
Some people play the tuba to make music.
Some people play the drums to make music.
Some people sing to make music with their voice.
Some people make music with their voices in a choir of other singers.
Some people play the violin to make music.
Some people play the harmonica to make music.
Everyone loves to make music!

Taking Care of Pets
I love my pet. This is Daisy.
A pet can be a special part of the family.
Taking care of pets is an important job.
A pet needs food and water.
A pet needs to go for a walk.
A pet needs time to play.
A pet needs to take a bath.
Sometimes, I take Daisy places.
Most pets like to go in the car.
Most pets like to take naps.
Most pets like treats.
But most of all, pets need lots of love.
The end.

My family!
My family consist of:
People who have unconditional love for each other.
People who communicate to find a common ground.
People who have strong friendship bonds.
People who are blood related.
People who care about themselves and others.
People who have each others' back.
People who are there for each other through the good and bad times.
My family is amazing.

Discover Oklahoma
Discover Oklahoma
What did Will Rogers see in Oklahoma?
Will saw a herd of buffalo in Oklahoma.
Will saw the wind farms in Oklahoma.
Will saw the Native American Fancy Dancers.
Will saw the Cowboys.
Go OSU!
Will saw the Sooners.
Go OU!
Oklahoma tornado!
Will, run for cover!

Funny Faces
Silly.
Tired.
Surprised.
Angry.
Happy.
Sad.
Funny.
Scared.

How to be Safe with Dogs
Dogs are cute.
They are big and small.
Some dogs are goofy.
Dogs can be heroes.
Always ask the owner before touching a dog.
Dogs have strong noses.
Let a new dog smell your fist when you meet it.
Do not let a dog smell an open hand.
Strange dogs can be dangerous.
A dog may be a friend, but...
do not pet an angry dog.
Dogs have teeth and may bite if they are scared.
Do not pull a dog's tail. It hurts.
Do not pull their ears.
Be nice to dogs and they will be nice to you.
They can be fun to play with.
Or fun to lay with.
Dogs may be great friends...
but be safe!

What is pink?
Sunsets are pink!
Cupcakes are pink!
Roses are pink!
Bubblegum is pink!
Pigs are pink!
Flamingos are pink!
Ice cream is pink!
What else is pink?

Recycle, Please!
What can be recycled?
Newspapers can be recycled.
Cans can be recycled.
Plastic can be recycled.
You can't recycle these.
Cardboard boxes can be recycled.
Glass can be recycled.
Paper can be recycled.
You can't recycle these.

Growing a Garden
What is growing in the garden?
Lettuce is growing in the garden.
Tomatoes are growing in the garden.
Bell peppers are growing in the garden.
Strawberries are growing in the garden.
Blueberries are growing in the garden.
Broccoli is growing in the garden.
Watermelons are growing in the garden.
Carrots are growing in the garden.
Onions are growing in the garden.
Fruits and vegetables are growing in the garden.

Shredding Paper at Work
I do a good job shredding.
When I shred paper for work, I take the paper to the large recycling bin.
When I shred paper for work, I turn the shredder machine on.
When I shred paper for work, I am careful with the paper so it does not jam.
When I shred paper for work, I put the paper into the shredder to cut it up.
My job is done now!  I did a good job shredding paper.

Basketball is fun for everyone
Basketball is fun for everyone.
Tall people like basketball.
Short people like basketball.
Kids with blue shirts like basketball.
Kids with white shirts like basketball.
Little kids like basketball.
Fireman like basketball.
The president likes basketball.
Even dolphins like basketball.
You can play with your friends.
You can play on a team.
You can play by yourself.
If you get really good, people might make a statue of you.
Basketball is fun for everyone.

How Rhyolite is Formed!
The red is the mantle and the green is the crust.
A divergent boundary is forming and the magma is bubbling up.
The volcano is starting to form because the magma is hardening.
The volcano is almost formed.
The volcano is completely formed and is smoking.
The volcano is erupting!
The volcano is done erupting and Rhyolite rocks are formed.
Rhyolite rocks make awesome jewelry to wear!

Here is a...
Here is a snowman.
Here is a sled.
Here is a five.
Here is a star.
Here is a line.
Here is a rug.
Here is a man.
Here is a woman.
Here is an oval.
Here is a rectangle.
Here is a mitten.
Here is a flower.
Here is a six.
Here is a broom.
I eat with a spoon.
I eat with a fork.

This is a...
This is a polar bear.
This is a circle.
This is a square.
This is a triangle.
This is a one.
This is the sun.
This is a kite.
This is a two.
This is a bell.
This is a box.
This is a three.
This is an elbow.
This is a baby
This is a glass.
This is a log.
This is a four.
This is corn.

I have a...
I have a sock.
I have a shoe.
I have a shirt.
I have a book.
I have a dish.
I have a teddy bear.
I have a cape.
May I have milk?
May I have toast?
May I have a bath?
May I have a cookie?
bye!

This is my...
This is my hand.
This is my foot.
This is my eye.
This is my leg.
This is my hair.
This is my arm.
This is my ear.
This is my thumb.
This is my knee.
This is my neck.
This is my head.
This is my chest.

Birds
Birds
White bird.
Orange bird.
Blue bird.
Black bird.
Brown bird.
Yellow bird.
Pink bird.
Green bird.
Red bird.
Bird eating spider.

If you give Kayla a guitar
If you give Kayla a guitar...
She'll want her kittens to come and listen to her play.
Then she gets bored and goes up stairs and makes some bracelets!
While shes making the bracelets she watches Jeopardy on TV.
Then her neighbors dog comes over to play!
Then she realizes she needs to go buy a cat for her friends birthday!
She saw this really awesome cake and decided to buy it.
After the birthday party she went to her softball practice.
She saw some birds and thought of her pet owl that was at home who was going crazy to get a mate!
Then it got dark and everyone was watching the fireworks that were in the sky!
Then the morning came and the sunrise was beautiful!!!
For breakfast she ate Wendy's!
She asked her mom if she could have her guitar.
And if she asks for the guitar she'll probably want her kittens to listen to her play the guitar!!!

Our Birthdays
Our Birthdays
Birthdays are a fun time!
Ashley’s birthday is February 20th, and Lauren's is December 27th.
They were both born in winter.
Ashley was born near Valentine's Day.
Lauren was born just two days after Christmas.
This year, Lauren went shopping with her friends and mom on her birthday.
Then they went back to her house and had dinner and cake!
She had candles to blow out on her cake.
There were also a few presents to open. It was a good day.
Ashley had a good birthday this year too. Her family came over for dinner and a party.
She also got several presents.
One was an Xbox 360 game called Lost Planet.
Another was a gold necklace from her dad.
They both had very good birthdays this year!

What is Sound?
Sound travels in waves and vibrations.
We can hear music through the sound waves and vibrations that instruments produce.
We have to listen for sounds around us in the world.
Animals make sounds too.
We use our ears to listen to the sounds around us.
Sounds are all around us.

Things I Love
I love lots of things.
I love pizza.
I love music.
I love to dance.
I love to cheer.
I love school.
I love my teacher.
I love my daddy.
I love my brother.
I love birthdays.
I love pictures.
I love to paint.
I love to jump.
I love to swim.
But most of all, I love Spanky.

My Favorite Dog is...
Dogs are so much fun to play with.
They let you feed them.
They let you touch them.
My dog's name is C.J.
He likes to play with me.
He is a boy dog.
His color is black and brown.
He is a cuddly dog.

Way to Go!
There are many ways to travel.
You could go in a fast car.
You could go in a little car.
You could travel in an old car.
You could travel in a shiny truck.
You couldn't travel in this truck.
You could travel in a big boat.
You could travel in a little boat.
You could travel in a train.
You could travel in a plane.
You could travel in a helicopter.
You could ride a motorcycle.
You could roller skate.
Maybe you could use a dog sled.
You could ride in a buggy.
You could ride a horse.
Or maybe you could just walk.
Can you think of another way to go?

People Who Keep Me Healthy
People Who Keep Me Healthy
This person is a doctor.
The doctor helps us to stay healthy.
This person is a nurse.
The nurse helps us to stay healthy.
This person is a dentist.
The dentist helps us keep our teeth healthy.
This person is a dental hygienist.
The dental hygienist helps us keep a healthy smile.
This person is a veterinarian.
The veterinarian helps us keep our pets healthy.
The End.

I Can...
I can jump.
I can eat.
I can bounce.
I can play.
I can run.
I can fall.

In Mount Prospect
We live in Mount Prospect. Sometimes we need help.  Here's where we can find it.
I'm in Mount Prospect, I need a book.  Where should I go?
The Mount Prospect Library.
I'm in Mount Prospect, and I'm hungry, where should I go?
Michael's Restaurant.
I'm in Mount Prospect, and I need to mail a letter.  Where should I go?
The Mount Prospect Post Office.
I'm in Mount Prospect, and I need to learn something new.  Where should I go?
Fairview School.
I'm in Mount Prospect, and I need to talk to the Mayor.  Where should I go?
The Mount Prospect Village Hall.
I'm in Mount Prospect, and I need to go to Chicago.  Where should I go?
The Mount Prospect Train Station.
I'm in Mount Prospect, and I'm lost.  Where should I go?
The Mount Prospect Fire and Police Station.
I'm in Mount Prospect, and I need money.  Where should I go?
The Bank.
Mount Prospect has lots of places to help you!

Lions
Lions are really cool.
Lions are very fast.
They will eat meat at lunch, breakfast, and dinner.
They are really big compared to a human.
Lions are big, fast, meat eaters.

I Love Soccer!
Soccer is played around the world.
There are many FIFA World Cup Teams.
They have a tournament at the end of the season.
Barcelona is one of them.
This is David Beckham.
This Is Ronaldinho.
The team celebrates a goal.
Soccer players celebrate.
Soccer helps you with your agilities and defense.
He is running to the ball.
This player is doing a header.
This player is kicking the ball frontward.
This player is making a goal.
He is about to kick the ball.
Handball is not allowed in any soccer league.
Head butts are not allowed in any soccer league.
Soccer is cause to celebrate!

Here, Hair, Ear
Here today.
Gone tomorrow.
Hair today.
Gone tomorrow.
Hare today.
Gone tomorrow.
Heir today.
Gone tomorrow.
Ear today.
Gone tomorrow.
So long, farewell, aufwiedersehen, good-bye.

Building a pool
This is me in my backyard. I want a pool and am going to have one made.
First I dug a hole with a mini digger.
My friend Zachary carried the dirt with a skid steer loader.
He dumped it into a dump truck.
I started to dig a hole in the ground for the pool.
Then Mom was a trooper and dumped the concrete!
I filled the new pool.
Now the pool is ready for my family and Zachary to come over and swim!

Mermaids
I like mermaids.
Here are three mermaids.
Mermaids are cool.
I want to discover some mermaids.
She is going to look at the land.
I wonder if mermaids are nice.
Mermaids have long hair.
Mermaids are pretty.
How does a mermaid breathe underwater?
Now that is a lot of mermaids.

Solids, Liquids, Gases
Water is an amazing substance!
It can be a solid, a liquid, or a gas!
It can form into a beautiful snowflake in its solid state.
Or it can be ice on the lake we skate on.
When it's a liquid, we can drink it or splash in it!
Water can evaporate into the air as a gas, like fog...
or steam.
In whatever form it's in, water is fun to experiment with!

Rattlesnakes
Rattlesnakes are poisonous.
Poisonous means bad for people.
Rattlesnakes have fangs like vampires.
A fang is what bites you.

Weather Watch by Kristi
Hi! My name is Kristi.
When it is lightening and dark, I feel very scared.
But I am happy when the clouds drift away and the sun comes out.
Seeing a rainbow after the rain adds a smile to my happy heart. The End!

Easter in Poland
In Poland, we color eggs brown.
You can use empty eggs.
These eggs are colorful.
Do not eat too much for Easter.

Going to the Doctor
Baby getting a check-up.
Boy getting his arm checked out.
Baby getting a check-up.
Grandma getting a check-up.
Doctor Murphy.
Baby's arm getting checked out.
A cute baby.
Baby getting head checked out.
Little girl getting her height checked.
The doctor is listening to his lungs.
Baby checking out his reflection.
Proud dad.
Checking out the doctor's office.

Pony Birthday Party
Everyone likes ponies.
I am having a birthday party.
I want ponies to come to my birthday party.
Everyone can come  to my birthday party.
I love birthday parties.
We are excited for the party.
She's invited to my birthday party.
Happy Birthday!  I want to climb a tree at the birthday party.
Please invite me to your birthday party!
I want to fly to the birthday party.
We are all going to the birthday party.
Here I am at the birthday party.

Going to the Hospital
These people are not at home.
This boy is at the hospital.
This is a white, gray, and blue table at the hospital.
This lady has a baby in her stomach.
This is her baby inside her tummy.
This is a newborn baby at the hospital.
This is a healthy little boy.

Just Me and My Teacher
After school, my teacher gave me hints to finish my math worksheets.
My teacher helped me.
When a classmate came by to borrow the hints, the hints were gone.
I sat by my teacher so she wouldn't be scared.
We went to the computer lab to find some math websites.
I tried to show my gaming websites but she didn't like them.
After that, we went to the gym for some exercise.
We decided to go back to the computer lab.
My teacher wanted to look at more math problems.
We came upon some toy advertisements on the website.
I let my teacher hold onto my math hints this time.
We had fun, just me and my teacher.

Too Much Stress
When you have a lot of things to worry about, you may have stress.
Sometimes stress can make you feel sick or make you hurt.
Stress can make you feel weak and sad.
Stress is caused by too many chemicals in your brain.
When you start to worry and feel stress, it is important to calm down.
You could write in a journal to help you feel better.
Get some exercise to calm down!
Some time with your pets can help, too.
Don't be afraid to ask for help. Stress happens to everyone.
When you are stressed, it helps to go to places like the beach and calm down.
Having fun with your friends helps stress!

A Game Played Around the World
This is what an average soccer ball looks like.
When you play soccer, you wear cleats.
This is America's Womens National soccer team.
You use your feet to play soccer.
There are 11 players on a team.
There are usually three referees to make sure it's fair.
In soccer there is one goalie on each team.
The goalie is the only one who can touch the ball with his or her hands.
The rest of the team is made of defenders, midfielders, and forwards.
Soccer is played all around the World.

פסח שלי
קערת הסדר
הצלחת היפה שלי
כוס של אליהו הנביא
פירמידה של חרוסת
הפבלובה של אמא שלי

What People Like About St. Patrick's Day
People liked boiled dinner on St. Patrick's Day.
People like to be lucky on St. Patrick's Day.
People like to be a team on St. Patrick's Day.
People like green on St. Patrick's Day.

Volleyball
Volleyball is fun.
You can play on the beach...
Or even on the court.
Whenever you play, you will need your team.
That line means in!
You need to serve the ball...
pass it...
...and spike it.
Then all the fans will scream.

Scones
There are many different types of bread.
One type of bread is a scone.
Scones are like European biscuits.
Scones were first baked in Scotland, hundreds of years ago.
These days, scones are cooked in bakeries.
They are made much like other breads.
Scones can be covered with fruit jelly.
Sometimes, the fruit is baked right into the scone.
I like chocolate scones.
These treats make a good snack anytime.

Kendra's Birthday Party
I want a Brat doll for my birthday.
We put candles on the chocolate cake.
At my party we can eat ice cream in a cone.
I like party hats with ponies.

Minnesota Twins
We love the Twins!
They have a new field called Target Field.
Joe Mauer is a good player. We will see Joe when we go to the game in April.
This is Justin Morneau. He hits a lot of homeruns!!!
Go, Joe, go!!

Catt and Kay
This is Catt and Kay. They are best friends.
They live in Pensacola and they are 15 years old.
They love to hang out at Starbucks.
Catt and Kay love going to the beach together.
Even though they are best friends, Catt and Kay have other friends and hobbies too.
Kay's other best friend is Amanda.
Catt's other best friend is Leah.
Kay's favorite hobby is softball.
Catt's favorite hobby is cheerleading.
Even though they have other friends and hobbies, Catt and Kay are still best friends.

Pizza Fractions
Let's make fractions with pizza.
This is 1 whole pizza.
I cut my pizza in 4 pieces.
I ate 1 piece. I ate 1/4 of the pizza.
I cut my pizza into 8 pieces. If I eat 1 piece, how much pizza did I eat?
This pizza is cut into 10 pieces. How many pieces are missing?
All this work with fractions is making me hungry!

Lord of the Flies
Lord of the Flies.
The boys crashed on a deserted island with no adults.
Ralph used a conch shell to call meetings.
Piggy's glasses were used to start a fire then Jack broke them.
Jack's hunters killed pigs for meat.
They used spears to kill the pigs.
The boys started a fire to cook the meat and to make smoke so they can get rescued.
The boys put a pigs head on a stick as on offering to the beast.
Roger pushed a rock off a cliff and killed Piggy.
The boys get rescued by a naval officer.
Then, the boys got to go home.

Texting for Teenagers
If you have a cell phone, you probably text.
Texting means writing messages on your phone to send to your friends.
You can text anywhere that you can talk on the phone. This girl likes to lay on her bed and text.
A lot of teenagers text. Some people text their friends and boyfriend or girlfriend. Other people text their parents.
People from many different countries like to text.
Sometimes people use weird words when they text.
When something is funny, they say "LOL".
Sometimes people send "ILY" to their boyfriend or girlfriend. It means "I Love You".
Some people text when they drive. That is very dangerous. You should not text and drive at the same time.
Some teenagers like to text in school. You shouldn't text in school. You should pay attention to your teacher.
But when you get out of school, you can text your friends as much as you want. Have fun!

Lord of the Flies
Lord of the Flies
The boys crash on an island.
Ralph uses the conch to call meetings.
The boys make a signal fire.
Jack and his hunters kill the pigs.
Jack and his hunters cut off the pig's head and give it as an offering.
Jack broke Piggy's specs.
Roger pushes a rock off the cliff and kills Piggy.
The boys are saved by a man in the navy.
The boys get to go home.

Properties of Water
Water molecules have two special forces: cohesion and adhesion.
Cohesion means water sticks to itself very easily.
Adhesion means that water also sticks very well to other things.
It spreads out on some surfaces, like glass.
When water comes into contact with these surfaces, the adhesive forces are stronger than the cohesive forces.
Water is so neat!

Elk
Elk are beautiful animals.
Male elk grow huge antlers, wider than their body.
Elk grow new antlers in the summer and fall.
Elk protect themselves with their antlers.
Elk use their antlers to do battle.

Lord of the Flies
Lord of the Flies
The plane is shot down and crashes.
They crash on a island with no adults.
They use a shell to call meetings.
Piggy needs glasses to see.
They use Piggy's glasses to start a fire.
They hunt for pigs and search for the beast.
Jack offers the pig's head to the beast.
Jack goes on the mountain to get away from Ralph.
They hunt for Ralph but he hides in the weeds.
They are saved by the naval officer.

Good Citizens
What are some things that good citizens do? They show respect for me and for you.
They obey the laws and follow the rules. They are fair and honest at home and at school.
What are some things that good citizens do? They are kind to their friends and show sportsmanship, too.
They do all their chores and they're trusted alone. They are responsible people who vote when they're grown.
What are some things that good citizens do? They volunteer to help others - do you?

My puppy.
I have a puppy.
I pet my puppy.
I feed my puppy.
I walk with my puppy.
I give my puppy a drink.
I put my puppy to bed.

Lord of the Flies.
The boys flew away on a plane.
The plane was attacked, now they're on a deserted island.
A boy named Ralph became their leader.
The conch shell gives them the power to speak.
They built fires in hope of being rescued.
The boys hunted and killed pigs for food.
Soon they turned into savages.
Jack wanted his own tribe called the hunters.
They sacrificed a pig's head for the beast.
Piggy was killed by a big rock.
Jack's tribe went after Ralph.
Finally, Ralph ran into an adult whom come to save them.
The boys were brought back into civilization.

Monkeys Are Funny
I like to climb trees with friends.
Please wait...I am eating the green apple!
Mom forgot to put a banana in my lunch bag!
My mom is a fast runner.
I found the bug!
Please teach me how to climb the ropes! It looks like so much fun!
I can hardly wait until the next Olympic Games!

What I See In the Spring!
I see trees with flowers blooming.
I see ladybugs crawling.
I see bees buzzing.
I see baby sheep playing.
I see flowers blooming.
I see baby ducks swimming.
I see butterflies flying.
I see and hear birds singing.
That is what I see in the Spring.

Things That Go!
Trains go on tracks.
This is a car you can ride.
Planes fly high.
A school bus goes to school.
Boats float.
Balloons
go up.
WOW! Many ways to go, go, go!

Signs of Spring
I see sunny days.
I hear buzzing bees.
I see many flowers.
I see colorful trees.
I see rolling, green spaces.
I see colorful sunsets.
I see new life.
I see many colors.
I hear calm waters.
I hear singing birds.
I see butterflies.
Spring makes me smile.

How I Am Feeling Today!
How I Am Feeling Today!
I feel happy.
I feel sad.
I feel excited
I feel scared.
I feel angry.
I feel bored.
I feel calm.
I feel shy.
I feel frustrated.
I feel tired.
I feel silly.
I feel sleepy.
I feel nervous.

What Can We Find In The Meadow?
What Can We Find In The Meadow?
We find one turtle.
We find two fish.
We find three birds.
We find four rats.
We find five honey bees.
We find six black crows.
We find seven crickets.
We find eight lizards.
We find nine frogs.
We find ten fireflies.

Spring is in the Air
Flowers bloom.
Bugs crawl.
Trees sway.
Grass grows.
Rainbows glow.
Raindrops fall.
Sun shines.
Animals play.
Eggs hatch.
Birds chirp.

My Colorful Garden
Welcome to my garden. What colors do you see?
What color is this flower?
It is red.
What color is this flower?
It is blue.
What color is this flower?
It is orange.
What color is this flower?
It is purple.
What color is this flower?
It is green.
What color is this flower?
It is yellow.
What color is this flower?
It is white.
What color is this flower?
It is pink.
If you put the flowers together, what do you see?
A bouquet of pretty flowers for you and me!

"Oprah"
My name is Oprah Winfrey.
I live in Chicago, Illinois; in the United States of America.
I have a television show called "The Oprah Winfrey Show"
I talk to people on my show.
I like to help people.

I Am Hungry!
I am hungry!
I ate a whole pizza.
I ate a bunch of bananas.
I ate a pink cupcake.
I ate a hamburger.
I ate three carrots.
I ate chicken fingers with ranch dip.
I became sleepy and full.
I made a cocoon.
I turned into a butterfly.

The Circus is in Town
Let's go to the Circus!
The ring master welcomes the crowd.
The elephants stand up tall.
The tigers jump through hoops.
The acrobats fly high.
The jugglers toss rings.
Lets eat some popcorn and enjoy the show!

Cars
I like cars.
I like to drive fast.
My car is shiny.
My car is fast.

-Lord of the Flies-
An airplane full of school boys crashes.
They land on an island.
Ralph finds a conch shell and becomes the leader.
The boys built a fire.
Jack makes a new tribe, called The Hunters.
The Hunters wear face paint.
Jack's tribe hunts pigs and looks for the beast.
Jack offers the pig's head to the beast.
The boys kill Simon during a storm.
Roger pushes a rock onto Piggy killing him.
The boys hunt Ralph.
Ralph runs onto the beach.
The Navy saves the boys from the island.

Monster Trucks
I love monster trucks!
I went to a monster truck show like this one.
Look at those big tires! Wow!
This truck is going to crush the cars below. VROOM! VROOM!
This truck calls himself the boss!
I love the Grave Digger!
The Grave Digger flys in the air. It lost it's wheel. Wow!
This monster truck is standing on its back tires.
Two monster trucks getting ready to race. Ready! Set! Go!
I think this truck is flying. Wow!
There are so many types of monster trucks.
This truck is crushing the trucks below.

Blue
I see a blue sky.
I see a blue shirt.
I see a blue guitar.
I see a blue ocean.
I see blue feathers.
I see blue blueberries.
I see blue flowers.
I see a blue butterfly.
I see a blue daisy.
I see a blue butterfly.
I see blue water towers.
I see blue love birds.

Toys
Superman is a great superhero.
Cars is such a great movie.
Tranformers are the best.
Batman is a the best person to call when you need to get an evil villain off your back.
Famous people get toys of themselves.
Ironman was the best action movie.
Elmo is a very smart character.
This model battleship is a great display.
Legos are great toys for all ages.

Eden's Day
This is Eden. She is a teenager.
When she wakes up, she eats breakfast.
Then, she brushes her teeth.
Eden then goes to school.
At school, she learns.
After school, she goes to cheerleading.
After cheerleading, she goes home.
At home, she does her homework.
Then, she eats dinner with her family.
After dinner, she uses the computer.
Then she goes to bed. Goodnight!

Mice
These are two mice. Mice are very neat animals.
Some mice like to eat cheese.
Some wild mice eat nuts and roots.
Some mice like running in wheels for fun.
Mice come in many colors.
You can find mice in many different places.
Mice are very scared of cats!
Not all cats try to catch to mice.
This cat caught the wrong mouse!

Look At My Face
Look at my face.
Some people hide their face.
Some people have dark-colored faces.
Some people cover their eyes.
I use my face to smile.
This boy has a serious face.
This girl has a thinking face.
This girl has a smiling face.
Where is this boy's face?
This man has a wrinkled face.

Where I Want to Go Some Day
I will live in a grass hut on top of the blue water.
I will hang in a palm tree over the water and have a drink out of a coconut.
I would like to go to a tropical beach to play in the sand.
I will wear a snorkel and mask and discover a whole new world!
This is a mandarin fish.
Check out this purple fish!
Here are clown fish like Nemo.
I would bring an underwater camera to take cool pictures.
These star fish make a great picture.
I will end my day looking at a beautiful sunset.
Until I get there, I will just have to dream about it!

George Washington
George Washington was our first president.  He was the father of our country.
He was born in 1736.  He died in 1799.
He led the Revolutionary War.
He wore a wig.  He had wooden teeth.
He is on the dollar bill and he is also on the quarter.
He lived at Mount Vernon because the White House was not built yet.
He was a hero.

Betsy Ross
Betsy Ross was born in 1752 and died in 1832.
She was a seamstress.
She made the first American flag.
She owned a store with her husband in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Martin Luther King, Jr.
Martin Luther King, Jr was a peaceful man.
He was born in 1922 and he died in 1968.
He gave his "I have a dream" speech in front of 250,000 people in Washington DC.
He was a minister.
If you want to learn more about him go on www.martinlutherkingjr.com

Spring
Spring is a season.
Flowers bloom in the Spring.
We play in the park on the swings.
We ride a bike in the Spring.
We fly kites in the Spring.
The grass grows in the Spring.
It gets warmer in the Spring.
If it rains you need an umbrella.
We decorate eggs for Easter.
We celebrate Mother's Day in the Spring.
We celebrate Memorial Day in the Spring.
We celebrate Passover in the Spring.
I can't wait until the Summer!

Lord of the Flies
Some boys' school plane crashed.
They landed on an island.
Ralph became leader with a conch shell.
They built a campfire.
Jack started a new clan called the Hunters.
Jack's clan killed Simon during the storm.
Roger killed Piggy the next day with a big rock.
Ralph was hunted the next day by Jack's tribe.
Ralph fell to the feet of a Naval Officer on the beach.
Ralph returned home.

Butter Battle Book: in our own words
The Butter Battle Book
The Yooks live by the wall.
The yooks and zooks are not friends.
The zooks like their butter side down.
The yooks like their butter side up.
They both drop bombs in the end.
THE END

Dominique's G Book
G is for goat.
G is for golf.
G is for goal.
G is for girl.
G is for ghosts.
G is for grasshopper.
G is for grass.
G is for grapes.

I Went to the Jungle
I went to the jungle, and what did I see?
I saw two tigers looking at me!
I went to the jungle and what did I see?
I saw a creepy crocodile looking at me!
I went to the jungle, and what did I see?
I saw a blue butterfly looking at me.
I went to the jungle, and what did I see?
I saw a mother monkey looking at me.
I went to the jungle and what did I see?
I saw pretty parrots looking at me.
I went to the jungle and what did I see?
I saw a lazy leopard looking at me!

Brave buffalos love..
I love playing the piano because I love playing music.
I love soccer because it's fun and exciting.
I love knitting because I can make my own doll.
I love comic books because comic books are funny and interesting.
I love dancing because it's funny.

Eager Eagles Love...
I love Nintendo!
I love basketball because it's very exciting.
I love soccer because it's a very good sport!
I love elementary school because I love seeing my friends.
I love playing piano because I like playing music.
I love sports because I love playing with my friends.
I love baseball because I like getting a home run.

All About Seals
You can see that this seal is sleeping.
You can see that this seal is biting it's hand.
You can see that this seal is wondering "whatcha doin' here?"
You can see that these seals are playing!
You can see that these seals are in love!
You can see this seal is saying, "Hi!"
You can see that this seal is enjoying his swim.
You can see that this seal is playing in the sand.
You can see that these seals are fighting!
You can see that this seal is relaxing.
You can see that these seals love each other.

How to Make a Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich
What can you do if you are really hungry and there is no one around to make anything for you?
First, you need to get some bread.
Next, get some peanut butter.
Next, you need to get some jelly.
Last, you will need to get a knife.
Next, you need to spread the peanut butter on the bread.
Then, you need to spread the jelly on top of the peanut butter.
Put the two slices of bread together with the peanut butter and jelly in the middle, and then...
Eat the yummy sandwich!

What puppies like to do!
Do you know what puppies like to do?
These puppies like to keep an eye on you.
These puppies like to take a bath!
This puppy likes to watch T.V with you.
This puppy wonders what you're doing.
This puppy wants to wrestle with you!
This puppy likes to goof around!
This puppy likes to play with his toys.
This puppy just wants to be lazy!
This puppy can do anything he puts his mind to!

Yellow Car
I see a yellow car.
A boy is in the yellow car.
A girl is on a yellow car.
A yellow car rides on the road.
A big boy rides over the car.
Yellow cars are everywhere.

Arctic Food Chain
The Arctic food chain is made up of many different animals.
Plankton is the producer and gets its energy from the sun.
Plankton is eaten by small carnivores called krill.
The Arctic cod and other fish eat krill.
Whales eat krill.
Seals eat krill.
Seals eat Arctic cod.
Beluga whales eat Arctic cod and other small fish.
Polar bears eat beluga whales and seals.
Killer whales eat seals and fish.
That is the Arctic food chain.

Quinceanera
When you are from Mexico and you turn 15 years old your family has a big party for you. It's called a Quinceanera.
You usually go shopping with your family.
You have to get dressed up in a beautiful dress.
Family and friends participate in the ceremony.
Cakes and all sorts of yummy treats are served.
Food is catered & delicious
Party favors are given out. They yell how many years old you are.
Dancing is one of my favorite things to do.
Mexico is a magical place.
Dinner parties are very fun.
I wore pink hi-heeled shoes for my Quinceanera.
All of your family and friends attend the party.
All the females wear long beautiful dresses.
My mom wore a dress like this.
Dresses can be very expensive.
My favorite part of the night was dancing with my little brother Willie Jesus.

A Day in Her Life
First thing in the morning, Anna wakes up.
She takes a shower and brushes her teeth. Don't forget to floss!
Anna goes out to the kitchen. Her mom made breakfast for her!
Anna gets on the bus to go to school.
After school, Anna goes to cheerleading practice. Her favorite trick is the pyramid.
Anna and her boyfriend go to the movies. They meet some friends there.
Everyone has lots of fun at the movie theater.
Anna's boyfriend takes her home and she starts on her math homework while her mom makes dinner.
Anna's mom made spaghetti!
Anna is very sleepy. Good night!

Ipods and PSP
This is an iPod. It plays music.
This is a PSP. It plays music and connects to the Internet.
This is an iPhone. It's a cellphone and a PSP together.
I like iPods, but I listen to music on my PSP.
Listening to music keeps me from being bored.
A PSP is not just for music; it plays games too.

Timothy' s  Birthday Party
The balloons go up in the air.
I will have 11 candles on my cake.
A gift from Sandy is a special gift.
I will wear a party hat.

Sarah's Day Before the Prom
Sarah is getting ready for the Prom.
She has a lot to do.
Today Sarah's mom is taking her to buy a dress.
She also has to find shoes that will match her dress.
Then they will go get her nails painted.
After that, Sarah goes to the hair salon.
Wow she looks so pretty! Her nails are pink and so is her dress.
She gets nervous as she waits for her date to come to get her.
When she sees him Sarah gets very happy.
Prom is going to be so much fun!

Clarissa
This is Clarissa.
Clarissa likes to ride her bike.
Clarissa likes to go for walks.
Clarissa shuts her eyes when she doesn't want to work.
Clarissa does not like to wash dishes.
Clarissa likes to sleep.

Cars
Some Cars are fast!
Some cars are slow.
Some cars are big!
Some cars are small.
Some cars are long!
Some cars are short.
Some cars are red.
Some cars are blue.
Some cars are green.
Some cars are yellow.
Some cars are orange.
I like cars!

All About Good Hygiene
Brush your teeth every morning and every night.
Take a shower every day.
Wash your face and all of your body when taking a shower.
Flush the toilet every time you use the bathroom.
Wash your hands after using the bathroom.
Use deodorant every day so you won't smell bad.
Keeping your hair brushed and finger nails clean is important.
Put on clean clothes everyday.
Having good hygiene can make you feel good about yourself.
When you use good hygiene people will like to be around you.

Different Kinds Of Hair
Her hair is cute.
She has straight hair
Braids take alot of time to twist
He has knotted hair.
We should always sit still while getting our hair cut.
How does she comb her hair?
Some people never cut their hair.
Beautiful people like Halle Berry always look hot.
Mohawks are cool.

A book about Spring
Bees take pollen out of the flowers.
This is a pretty tree.
Purple flowers are on the trees.
Here is a light brown deer.
Lady bugs are on a leaf.
A little lady bug is on a tree branch.
The trees are pretty.
There are lots of green trees.
The little duckies are cute.

Birds
Birds come in different colors and sizes.
Birds are vertebrates. They have a backbone.
Birds reproduce,or bring life, by laying eggs in a hole or nest.
They are covered with feathers.
You will see many birds near streams, rivers, ponds, lakes, and marshes.
Most female birds are not as colorful as males birds.

Birds2
Birds come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Birds are part of a phylum called vertebrates. They have a backbone like us.
Most birds build nests or hack out nesting holes in tree trunks. When first born, they are blind and helpless.
Birds are the only living thing that has feathers. They grow feathers like we grow hair and nails.
On water's edge, rivers, ponds, lakes, streams, and marshes are where you will see a bird's habitat.
Birds have no teeth. They cannot chew up their food. Which makes it very difficult to digest their food.

I L-O-V-E  Hannah Montana
I love Hannah Montana.
I love the songs she sings.
She is a good singer.
She dresses well.
She has nice hair.
She has a dog.
Hannah Montana is cute.
He is on Hannah Montana.
Miley Cyrus plays Hannah Montana.
This is her guitar.
I love Hannah Montana.

Dating
This is Chris and Jessica. They are a couple.
They like each other a lot.
Chris and Jessica have fun together.
Chris and Jessica like to hug.
They also like to hold hands.
Sometimes they kiss.
Chris and Jessica have the same interests.
Chris likes to give Jessica gifts.
When you date, you can be yourself with each other.
Chris and Jessica enjoy being a couple.
Dating is fun!

Our Community
We went on a walk around Mt. Prospect.
First, we went to the post office.
We had to buy a stamp.
Then we put our letter in the mailbox.
Next, we got off by the train station.
Then we walked to the fire station, where we met Officer Smith.
After that we saw the fire trucks!
Firefighter Pikora even went down the fire pole for us.
Next we went to the bank.
Ms. Lesht even got money out of the bank.
Then we went to the library.
Last, we went to Michael's Restaurant.
We ordered our food from the waitress.
Then we waited patiently for it to come out.
We had a fun trip.  We can't wait to go again!

D is for...
D is for dog.
D is for dinosaur.
D is for dude.
D is for day.
D is for dough.
D is for dollar.
D is for dime.
D is for different.
D is for donuts.
D is for dolphin.
D is for drinking.

Disney ABC
A is for Ariel
B is for Buzz
C is for Cinderella
D is for Dumbo
E is for Eeyore
F is for Flick
G is for Goofy
H is for Happy
I is for Iago
J is for Jafar
K is for Kanga
L is for Lumpy
M is for Mickey and Minnie
N is for Nemo
O is for Owl
P is for Pluto
Q is for Queen of Hearts
R is for Rafiki
S is for Simba
T is for Timon
U is for Ursula
V is for Violet
W is for WALL-E
X is for XR
Y is for Yao
Z is for Zazu

I See Tails
I see puppy tails.
I see zebra tails.
I see sheep tails.
I see elephant tails.
I see dog tails.
I see pig tails.
I see monkey tails
I see lemur tails.
I see giraffe tails.
I see peacock tails.
I see horse tails.
I see cat tails.

All about Animals
He is standing on a post.
He has a nut in his mouth.
He is walking.
He looks like he is drinking.
He has a black nose.

Reptiles
This reptile is a lizard.
SSSSSS ssssss what's so scary?
Snap snap shoo alligator.
SNAKES are scary.. ssss.
LIZARDS are cold blooded.

Esta fin de semana
Juego al basquetbol
Me gusta dormir
hacer ejercicio yo levanto peses
Voy al cine con mis amigos
Hablo por telefono mucho
juego al futbol americano con mis amigos
voy a la iglesia los domingos
despues voy al la restuarent
tengo que trabajar
Parque de diversiones esta de semana

Para mantener la salud
Debes siempre comer verdad para mantener la salud.
Comer la manzana, el platano. Es muy sabroso.
Prefiero el yogur y el cereal en el desayuno.
En el almuerzo como el sandwich de jamon y queso
El pescado es buen para la cena.
Hacer ejercicio puedes correr o caminar. Bebes agua!
Levantar pesas es muy buen para la salud.
Que asco!
Manzana, platano, yogur. Horrible!
Que te qusta?
Me gusta el refresco y el helado. Como cada dia, es muy sabroso.
No buen! Es muy mal para la salud!
Comer la ensalada o la ensalada, el pan o algo!

Mantener Tom's salud.
Tom quiere mantener su salud.
Tom y su amigo habla sobre su salud.
Van al medico.
El habla sobre comer frutas y verduras.
Tom mucho le gustan frutas!
La leche es buena para la salud.
El gimnasio es buena para la salud.
Tom no va al gimnasio.
Tom le gusta ir en a caminar.
Tom es feliz para su salud!

Para mantener la salud
Para mantener la salud
los pasteles son malos para la salud! prefiero las verduras.
los espaguetis son buenos para la salud. Ud. debe comer mucho pan y muchos cereales.
el cafe es malo para la salud! prefiero una bebida jugo de fruta.
Usted debe hacer ejercicio todos los dias para mantener la salud.
las uvas son sabrosos y buenos para la salud.
las ensaldas con lechuga y tomates son buenas para la salad! Ud. debe muchos las verduras.
en el desayuno Ud. debe comer los huevos y el pas tostado.
en el almuerzo Ud. debe el pescado y las papas fritas.
necesitas comer saludable para ser saludable

Research---2nd grade
What is research?
Research is looking for information...
in a book,
on the internet,
by asking someone a question.
Choose ONE topic:
like a lion,
a snake,
or a bear.
Find out where it lives,
what it eats,
what it looks like.
List the answers on a sheet of paper.
Then, write a paragraph including the facts.
Rabbits are awesome animals! They have brown and black fur and look very cute with their tall ears.
When they are hungry, they eat grass and lettuce because it makes them strong.
When they are tired, they go back to the briar patch to sleep because that is where they live.
Rabbits have big families to keep them company.
You try it. Fill in the blanks to write a paragraph.
are awesome animals!
They have fur and
When they are hungry, they eat because
When they are tired, they go to sleep because that is where they live.
The End! (You earned an A+++)

Tommy Cat
Meow! said the Cat!
I'm a big cat
who who who
Tigers Growl!
Penguins making a snowman
Fat Cat!
Lemmers are cool.
Cheetahs are fast movers
King of the Beast.
Monkey See. Monkey Do.
Seals swim in the ocean
puppies are cute.
Peacock Feathers have many eyes
The rare white Peacock
Silly Doggy resting on the sidewalk
Big dog with a Big Mouth!

The Brian O'sullivan Book of Music
Drums are the Heartbeat of music.
Saxophone plays the Melody.
Synthesizer is a fun instrument. It sounds really cool.
Jimi Hendrix was one of the Great Rock & Roll players of all time
Singers are cool people
A Bass Guitar has 4 strings. It plays the sounds of the group.
Trumpet is an Instrument made of Brass.
Miles Davis played the Trumpet.
The most important person of the group is the Sound Technician
He makes it so the audience can hear the Musicians
Everyone loves music.
Most Of all People Have a good time.

The Ants Go Marching
The ants go marching...
1 by 1
Hoorah! Hoorah!
All go marching down, to the ground
The ants go marching...
2 by 2
Hoorah! Hoorah!
All go marching down, to the ground
The ants go marching...
3 by 3
Hoorah! Hoorah!
All go marching down, to the ground
The ants go marching...
4 by 4
Hoorah! Hoorah!
All go marching down, to the ground
The ants go marching...
5 by 5
Hoorah! Hoorah!
All go marching down, to the ground
The ants go marching...
6 by 6
Hoorah! Hoorah!
All go marching down, to the ground
The ants go marching...
7 by 7
Hoorah! Hoorah!
All go marching down, to the ground
The ants go marching...
8 by 8
Hoorah! Hoorah!
All go marching down, to the ground
The ants go marching...
9 by 9
Hoorah! Hoorah!
All go marching down, to the ground
The ants go marching...
10 by 10
Hoorah! Hoorah!
All go marching down, to the ground

Letter H
H is for hot chocolate.
H is for house.
H is for hay.
H is for hair.
H is for hot chocolate.
H is for hills.
H is for happy.
H is for hot chocolate.
H is for hungry.
H is for hippos.
H is for hot chocolate.
H is for horses.

Purple
This is a purple sky.
This is a purple flower.
This is a purple car.
This is a purple butterfly.
This is a purple chair.
This is a purple truck.
This is a purple hat.
This is a purple tree.

birds and animals
2 toms and one lone hen.
Three big turkeys walking in the woods.
A brood of hens are sitting on the old road.
One loan buck walking in the snow.
One bull moose watching from the woods.
Two bull elk fighting.
A big huge bull is sitting on the road.
One coyote standing in the middle of the willows.
A huge flock of snow geese.
A mink is slowly crawling in the grass.
The coolest looking chinese pheasant ever.
One bobcat eating his prey in the woods.
A flock of canada geese are having a drink of water.
The rare silver fox is sitting on the road.

ABC der Zootiere
ABC der Zootiere
A wie Ameisenbär
B wie Brillenbär
C wie Clownfisch
D wie Doktorfisch
E wie Elefant
F wie Fasan
G wie Guanako
H wie Habichtskauz
I wie Igeltanrek
J wie Jungfernkranich
K wie Kleiner Panda
L wie Lama
M wie Meerschweinchen
N wie Nasenbär
O wie Orang-Utan
P wie Pinguin
Q wie Qualle
R wie Roter Vari
S wie Schwarzstorch
T wie Trampeltier
U wie Uhu
V wie Vikunja
W wie Wolf
Y wie Yak
Z wie Zebra

Spring Break 2010
I am going to the Sunshine State, Florida, for spring break this year.
I will be going on an airplane to Orlando, FL on Thursday 3/25, we leave at 6:45 a.m!
I will be staying 3 nights in Orlando with my family.
On Saturday March 27 we will be going to Disney World! It is our FIRST Trip there! :)
On Sunday, 3/28, we will  be driving to Fort Myers to stay with my uncle!
On Wednesday 3/31 I will be going to a Twins Spring Training Game! I am so excited! :)
After the Twins game on Wednesday we will be flying back to Minnesota.

Long words
I am in kindergarten.
I ride in a helicopter.
I ride in a convertible.
This is an automobile.
I eat watermelon.
I eat cauliflower.
I like macaroni.
I watch television.
Triceratops is a dinosaur.
I look through binoculars.

Que hacer este fin de semana?
Maria:"Que quieres hacer este fin de semana las chicas?"
Maria:"Te gustaria ir al cine?" Teresa:"No"
Maria:"Te gustaria ir al centro commercial?" Teresa:"No"
Maria:"Te gustaria ir al su cafe favorita?" Teresa:"No me gusta el cafe"
Maria:"Te gustaria ir al gimnasio?" Teresa:"No quiero hacer ejercicio"
Maria:"Te gustaria ir de camping en las montanas?" Teresa: "No"
Maria:"Te gustaria ir a la biblioteca?" Teresa:"No me gusta leer."
Maria:"Te gustaria ir a la playa?" Teresa:"Si. Que buena idea!"
Maria:"Que dia?" Teresa: "Creo que sabado es bueno."
Maria:"A que hora quieres ir?" Teresa:"Debemos ir a la una de la tarde."
Maria:"Genial! Adios" Teresa:"Hasta manana!"

In the city
city
park
cinema
school
hospital
town hall
museum
bus station
library
restaurant
airport
subway

The girls love...
I love playing piano
I love eating
bananas
I love chocolate.
I love rabbits.
They are very cute
I love chocolate cakes because they are yummy
I love chocolate cake because it is delicious

The boyss love...
I love Nintendo Wii.
I like Ninetendo DS.
I like Starcraft.
I love soccer.It is very exciting.
I like soccer.
because it is funny.
I love baseball
because I have fun.

chocolate
She is very hungry..
Dog is very hungry too..
They  like chocolate.
They are buying ice cream and chocolate
They are eating. Afterward they are very happy.
I love chocolate
Tomorrow they will BUY Candy^^

buildings
I like houses.
I like this house.
I like this house very much.
I like this house very very much.
I like this house very very very much
I like this building very very very very much.
I like this building very much.
I like this building very very very very very much.

i love nanta
I love nanta.
I like nanta.
I excited nanta.
NANTA

I love puppy
I love puppy.
Because puppy is cute.
"I'm so sleepy
AH~~~~"
Hi?
zz..
I like
my master

NANTA
I love NANTA.
I like nanta.
We watch NANTA
WITH TV.

puppy
I like puppy.
Because they're too cute.
Cute puppy.
It looks sad.
Love...
얏호~~
cute
Its...

Korea
I like Korea.
Korea`s traffic is crowded.
Korea`s traditions are very wonderful.
Korea has a very bad history.
Korea`s food is very delicious.

Getting Lost
SITTING.
LOOK!
"Get a way from me."NO YOU."
HOWLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Mother, father?
Who are you?
I got out my claws. I'll hit you.
Aww
Sniff, sniff.
Howlll,howllll.I think I hear something.
My baby were is my little baby?!!!!
Are you in the grass field?
Are you in the forest???
Are you my dad?? Can you clean my ears?
I can't find my baby!!!!
Thanks dad for cleaning my ears.
I can't find baby.
Now where is my mom?
"We'll help you look for her."
howlll,baBY,HOWLLLLLL BABY.
AWW,ARE YOU HERE?
ALL GROWN UP.
Look at my baby.
Son now it is time to show you how to hunt.
Don't mess with me I need to sleep.
Home Sweet Home.The End

lovable babys
New born kittens are so cute!
What's going on.
Is it safe now?
I'm very very tired.
Birdy! birdy!birdy! where!where!
I love you lots.
Hug me.
I'm very lovable.
I love you.

Quiet Time
Quiet Time It's quiet when I work.
It's quiet time when my teacher is teaching.
I can talk if I raise my hand and the teacher calls on me.
I can talk when I am working with a partner or in a group.
I should be quiet when others are working.
Remembering will make my day a good one!

Fahrzeuge
Ich spiele gerne mit Autos
Ich mag Feuerwehrautos
und Polizeiautos.
ups
aber ich mag auch selber ganz schnell mit dem Kettcar fahren!
Und ich schaue mir Formel 1 im Fernsehen an.

Im Zirkus
ich gehe gerne in den Zirkus
Ich mag die Löwen
und die Feuerschlucker
auch die Pferde mag ich.
Auch in meiner Schule haben wir viele Tiere.
Im Schulzoo leben Hasen,
zwei Hunde kommen zum Lernen in die Schule
und mittwochs kommt ein Pferd zu Besuch in die Schule.

Link Joins a Conversation with Mega Man and Zero
Link joins a conversation with Mega Man and Zero
Link waits for a pause in the conversation, then says, "Excuse me, are you talking about Base?"
"Yes, what do you think about Base's creator?"
Link enjoys sharing his thoughts on Base's creator.
Link asks Zero a question.
Mega Man and Zero make a comment.
Link ends the conversation by saying, "I have to go. I enjoyed talking with you."
Mega Man and Zero tell Link, "Let's talk about this more another time!"

Scary Things
Thunderstorms make us scared.
Rollercoasters are scary too.
Some people are scared of dogs.
Bears are scary.
Water can be scary.
Snakes are very scary.
Being way up in the sky can be scary.
Dark caves are a scary place.
Some people are scared of spiders.
Lions can be very scary.
Whenever we get scared, we think of our favorite place to be.

puppies
Some puppies love cameras.
Keep your pots up high..
Puppies love to chase cats!!
Keep your puppies together.
Some puppies are tiny.
Puppies like to get dressed.
So stay with your puppies.
And never give up.

Animal Life
Mr.Hornhead!
Mmmmm,tasty!
ok,ok,GO!!!
GRRRRRRRR!!!!!!
Awww!
Who are you?
Baaaaaaaa!

HOT  ROD
DRAG RACING
MUD RACING
COOL!!!!CAT
Sweet!!!!
COOL CAR!!!!!
COOL CARS
Landscape

kitten love
Kittens are playful.
They like to hug.
They nap a lot.
Santa Paws is coming to town!
They are heroes.

you and Dogs
The dog is sweet and so are you.
How cute!!!!!!
I am hiding!!!!
I like to read.
Who's there?
Good bye!!!

Animals
"I want to tell you a secret!"
"Lets play kick the ball!"
This is ridiculous!
"I got weird hair!"
This is Santa Paws!

All About Sharks
Sharks swim very fast.
Sharks are dangerous predators.
Sharks live close to ocean floors.
Some daring people have even touched sharks.
1234 sharks.

The Scary Camodo Dragon
I love dragons.
The man breathes out fire.
Feeding time.
Kamodo dragons are deadly.
THE END.

Birthday Days!!!
My birthday is going to be awesome.
I'm going to design my cake.
My candles will be magic.
I can't wait to open my presents!
I want to be a party designer.

Cute Little Kittins
I think leopards are mean.
It would be hard to run away from two leopards.
The leopard wants to be with another leopard.
A girl holding her cat.
A girl that just woke up and found her cat in her purse.

NFL Hockey
Stanley Cup
The Penguins
Stadium
V.S
Red Wings won

Funny Monkeys
Name: Big eyes.
I'm karate monkey.
I look suspicious.
Twins!
Cute couple.
I'm in a cage. That's not fair.
Hey, I can stand.

My Cool Enrgy Dogs
My fake dogs are wearing sunglasses.
This is the Target dog.
The dog has nice hair.
Are you being sneaky?
Running like the wind.

Starting With a Day
Time to wake up!
Let's eat breakfast!
Let's relax and chill out!
I'm going outside.
Time to go to sleep!

United to a Family
Sweet heart.
Playful, not stubborn.
Sleeping sweethearts.
As far as the eye can see.
Just a baby.

Lions and Tigers
This lion looks mean.
This lion looks sleepy.
These lions are ferocious.
Float away!
These lions look comfortable.

Building a road
Today we are going to build a road.
We dug a hole.
Next we scooped up the dirt and dropped it into the dump truck.
We had to clean up the road.
After we cleaned up the road, we mixed cement with the cement truck.
We had to fill a dump truck with an excavator.
We painted the road with the roller and had to make the lines straight.
This is what the road looked like when it was finished.

'Los Flipinas'
Esta es una noche tarde en Cagsawa.
Este es un santuario de peces.
Una serenidad hermosa.
La bandera de las Filipinas
El mapa de las Filipinas.
Esta es el presidente de las Filipinas Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. Entró en el poder el 4 de marzo, 2009.
Este alimento es muy interesante. Es imagen bonita.
Es una comida muy buena. Es una imagen bonita.
Este es un ejemplo de su hermoso arte. Es imagen bonita.
Este es un proyecto filipino. Es imagen bonita.
Una pintura con un buen aspecto. Es imagen bonita.
Es una pintura muy vieja. Es una imagen bonita.
Esta foto es de las Filipinas en el primer día de la guerra entre filipinos y americanos.
Esta es una foto del Día de la Independencia de las Filipinas, el 12 de junio, 1998.
Las Filipinas

T-Rex- (-ill word family) by Preston
T-Rex (-ill word family)
T-Rex likes to kill.
T-Rex claws up a hill.
T-Rex can fill a mill.
T-Rex can be still.
T-Rex will be my friend.
It will be a thrill!

Mother of the Bride
Being the 
mother of the bride can be exhausting.
The "to do" list
never gets shorter.
The big day finally arrives, and the bride and groom are so happy.
The guests have a great time at the party.

Our Survival Signs
This sign says Exit.
This sign says men's bathroom.
This sign says girl's bathroom.
This sign says caution.
This sign says Exit.
This sign says Danger.

What is St. Patrick's Day?
What is St. Patrick's Day?
St. Patrick's Day is the smell of gold of the leprechaun.
St. Patrick's Day is shamrocks.
St. Patrick's Day is the snakes being driven out of Ireland.
St. Patrick's Day is lucky horseshoes.
St. Patrick's Day is wearing all green or else you get...
PINCHED!!!
St. Patrick's Day is parties!!!

A Day at Teachey School.
Ms. Marini is with the children.
The girls were being silly.
Logan was being silly with the girls.
Logan fixes the calendar.
Mr. Craven tells Ms. Borchert what to do!
Mr. Craven was put in the thinking chair for telling Ms. Borchert what to do.
Logan, Alex, and Ty are friends.
Logan, Daisy, and Cassie are friends.
Ms. Dana dances like a ballerina!
Erick P. and Daisy are reading books.
Ms. Borchert and Raejuana are hugging.
Ty and Alex are building a tower with blocks.
Mr. Craven and Erick V. are reading books.
Mr. Craven and the kids are playing.
Ms. Borchert is helping the kids do math.
Erick P. and Armon are doing their math work.
April is doing her math work.
Tiger has absolutely nothing to do.

Cesario's Revenge
Once upon a time, Javier the bully picked on    Austin.
Stephanie was there to put Austin in the dump.
Cesario threw Austin, Stephanie and Javier down the dump.
Everyone stopped fighting.
They are now friends.
Do your part to stop bullying!

The Bully Payback
In the beginning of the school year, Javy was a bully.
He liked to bully people.
They threw Cesario into the trashcan and put toilet paper and eggs on him.
Stephanie helped Cesario to get out of the trashcan.
She helped Cesario get revenge on Javy.
Finally, Javy learned his lesson.

Dogs
I love puppies!
They are funny!
They are reading a book.
He is having fun.
Snow dogs are fun to play with!
This dog is cute.
I think I like dogs.

Ulyses
Because I was rich I bought a mansion.
I also bought a car.
Because I had more money left  I went to a Raw game.
I went to see the American Bash.
Because I had money I bought a Kawasaki Ninja.
I went on my bike to a Lil Wayne concert.

Justin Bieber
I went to Justin Bieber's concert because I like him.
I went with my friend and when we saw hem we stareded screaming.
He pointed at us.
He gave us his autograph.
It was cool!

Redwood trees
Redwood trees are big.
Redwood trees are tall.
Redwood trees are green.
Redwood trees are brown.
Redwood trees are old.

I love dogs!
This dog is swinging.
This dog is silly.
These dogs are wearing glasses
This dog has BIG lips.

if you give seth a dog
If you give Seth a dog,
he will want the Justin Bieber cd.
After that, he will want a panda.
Then he will want a stuffed animal.
Then the panda will chase Seth's hex bug.
Then Taylor Swift walked in the room,
and started to sing.
Then fall came,
and the panda went swiming.
It took picturs of waterfalls.
If you give seth a dog,
chances are he will want the Justin Bieber cd!

Cupcakes!   (do not listen with sound on!)
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
....
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
BIG CUPCAKE!!!!

Let's say words with M and N
What's this???
MONEY!!!
What's this???
MONKEY!!!
What's this???
NUMBERS!!!
Who's this???
MUMMY!!!
How many???
MANY!!!
What's this???
MEANIE!!!
When is this???
MORNING!!!
WHat's his problem???
NO MORE MONEY!!!
WHat's he saying???
MAMMA MIA!!!

I Hate Winter
I hate winter.
When Winter starts, it is fun and pretty.
As the days go on winter makes me sad.
I get tired of shoveling snow.
It gets too cold for my dog to go outside.
Then we get another blizzard!
I think I may SCREAM!
Thank goodness it is almost.....
SPRING!!
I love Spring!

If you let Ross play wii
If you let Ross play Wii,
he will want a certain game.
If he plays Super Smash Bros Brawl he will brawl.
If he brawls he will want Temple as the stage.
If Temple is the stage he will want the brawl ball.
If he gets the powerful brawl ball,
he will use it.
If he uses it, then he will win.
THE WINNER IS LINK!
If he wins the brawl then he will want to play wii again.

If you give Natalie her dog Annie...
When you give Natalie her dog Annie...
She will want to have a Sarai over to play.
If you give Natalie her friend Sarai,
she will want to go to the movies.
But when she goes to the movies,
she remembers that she has to take Annie to the vet.
But when she goes to the vet,
she sees her friend Abby with her cat Princess.
When she sees Abby she reminds her that,
Sse has to eat lunch at Francesco`s.
Once she eats lunch she remembers that
she has to take Annie home to dad.
She rushes home to dad.
When she gets home,
she wants to watch T.V.
But when she watches T.V.
she sees someone playing basketball.
When she sees them playing...
Her dad gives Natalie Annie back...
And if he gives Natalie Annie back...
Chances are she will want to have Sarai over to play.

Using a Talking Voice
Sometimes when Tasha gets mad she SCREAMS and hurts her friends and teachers ears.
Uniqua says it is OK to be mad, but it is not OK to SCREAM and hurt your friends and teachers ears.
If you tell someone why you are mad, they can help you.
When Dora gets mad, she uses her words AND uses a number 3 talking voice to ask for what she wants.
She works for extra playtime minutes.
Everyone will be happy if you use your words!

If You Give a Kid Some Legos...
If you give a kid some Legos...
He's going to throw them away.
Then he's going to imagine what he could have built.
He could build New York City!!!
He could build a Lego sea monster!
He could build Samson helicopters.
He'll wish he didn't throw his Legos away.

Our Survival Signs
This sign says NO swim.
This sign says railroad crossing.
This sign says NO smoking.
This sign says walk.
This sign says stop.
This signs says exit.
This sign says family restroom.
This sign says danger.
This sign says yield.
This sign says in case of a fire use the stairs.

I Love the Zoo
I love the Zoo by Dante
I like the flamingos the most.
I have to be quiet around the pandas.
The polar bear wants a High Five.
Did I mention I like the flamingos the most?
The baby giraffe gets a sloppy kiss.
Mom and baby monkeys are looking at me.
This koala looks sleepy. What a big surpise.
I really love  flamingos!

Letter G
G is for gift.
G is for glue sticks.
G is for goldfish.
G is for girl.
G is for grapes.
G is for gifts.
G is for glasses.
G is for guitar.
G is for gum balls.
G is for gorilla.
G is for garden.
G is for garlic.
G is for gold.
G is for gym.
G is for giggles.

Red Hair is Best
I love red hair.
Long red hair.
Lots of red hair.
Messy red hair.
Neat red hair.
Any red hair.
Even fake red hair.

Shaun White
Shaun White is a professional snow boarder.
Shaun is also a skateboarder.
Skating is good practice for snowboarding.
Shaun competes in many different events.
When Shaun jumps it is called "getting big air."
Shaun White went skydiving with his mom and dad.
Shaun getting big air in the quarter pipe.
Shaun gets big air in the half pipe.
Shaun White won the Gold Medal in the half pipe in the 2010 Olympics.

Fun in the Snow
Winter comes around every year.
In many places, it is very cold and snows a lot.
Some animals live in the snow all the time.
People wear lots of clothes to stay warm in the winter.
There are many ways to have fun when it snows.
You can build a snowman.
You can throw snowballs.
A lot of people can have a snowball fight.
Some people like to slide down snowy mountains on skis...
Other people ride down on snowboards.
The fresh snow is soft like powder!
Lots of snow can make wintertime beautiful.

an adventure into bento(弁当)!
弁当 is "bento" in Japanese.
A bento is a single-portion meal common in Japanese cuisine.
A traditional bento consists of rice, fish, and vegetables.
Bento making can be traced back to the Kamakura Period in Japan, between 1185 and 1333.
Nowadays bento making is a delicious way to showcase culinary talent.
With a little sticky rice and some imagination even you can make a bento like this one!

Snowboarding
Snowboarding is a lot of fun.
You do it in the winter.
Snow is required for snowboarding.
You also need a mountain.
You ride a chair lift to the top.
Then snowboard down.
There are many different kinds of boards.
Snowboarding is even at the Winter Olympics.

Gip's Farm
My grandpa has a farm.
He raises cows.
He plants corn.
He bales hay.
He drives a tractor.
He drives a grain truck.
He drives a combine.
He keeps the combine in the barn.
At night, he sits on the front porch and looks at the farm.

Music is . . .
Music is fun to listen to.
Music is fun to dance to.
Music is fun to play.
Music is fun and different everywhere.

I Love Horses
Horses are beautiful.
Horses are magical.
Horses are wonderful.
Horses are fun.
Horses are calm.

My Classroom
Billy likes to read books.
Pedro likes to play Basketball.
Norman likes potato chips.
Gabby likes to eat.
Kyle likes buses.
Maria likes music.
Shaun likes to sleep.

Letter O
This is the Letter O.
Ostrich begins with the letter o.
Octopus begins with the letter o.
Orange begins with the letter o.
Olive begins with the letter o.
The o sound is in the middle of the word sock.
The o sound is in the middle of the word mop.
The o sound is in the middle of the word dog.

Animal ABCs
Animal ABC's.
A is for alligator. An alligator is a large lizard similar to a crocodile.
B is for bear. A bear is a large, heavy mammal with shaggy fur.
C is for cat. A cat is a small, soft-furred animal kept as a pet.
D is for donkey. A donkey is a horse-like animal with long ears.
E is for elephant. An elephant is a huge, thick-skinned animal with a long trunk and ivory tusks.
F is for fish. A fish is a cold blooded animal with fins and gills that lives in the water.
G is for giraffe. A giraffe is a large African animal with a very long neck.
H is for hippopotamus. A hippopotamus is a large, thick skinned animal of Africa.
I is for iguana. An iguana is a large tropical lizard.
J is for jellyfish. A jellyfish is a jelly-like sea animal with tenticles.
K is for kangaroo. A kangaroo is a leaping marsupial of Australia.
L is for ladybug. A ladybug is a small beetle with a spotted back.
M is for meerkat. A meerkat is a small burrowing animal of southern Africa.
N is for needle fish. A needle fish is a fish with a sharp beak and needle-like teeth.
O is for ostrich. An ostrich is a large non-flying bird.
P is for pug. A pug is a small dog with a squished nose and curly tail.
Q is for quail. A quail is a game bird.
R is for raccoon. A raccoon is a small furry mammal with a black ringed tail and eyes.
S is for shark. A shark is a large fierce fish.
T is for turtle. A turtle is a hard-shelled land and water reptile.
U is for urchin. An urchin is a sea animal with a hard outer shell.
V is for vulture. A vulture is a large bird of prey.
W is for walrus. A walrus is a large sea-like animal with two tusks.
X is for x-ray fish. An x-ray fish is a small tropical fish with a transparent body.
Y is for yak. A yak is a wild ox of Asia.
Z is for zebra. A zebra is a striped African animal similar to a horse.

Wolves
The wolves look like dogs.
The wolf is white.
The wolves eat sheep.
The wolves eat rabbits and chickens.

Jump
I can jump!
I can jump!
I can jump!
I can jump!
I can jump!
I can jump!
I can jump!

Thai Boxing
Thai Boxing is exciting.
Both men and women compete in Thai Boxing.
Kids compete in Thai Boxing too.
There is a ritual dance before fights.
It is meant to show respect to everyone involved.
It is difficult.
Competitors can be hurt.
Fighters can punch and elbow.
They can kick.
They can also knee one another.
Competition often takes place outside.
Most importantly, Thai Boxing is fun.

The Hippo Book
Female hippos have one baby or twin babies.
Male hippos fight one another to keep their territory.
Hippos are mammals.
"Hippo" means river horse.
Hippos are nocturnal animals.
Hippos are good swimmers and can be under water for twelve minutes.

Super Heroes
I like Batman.
I like Superman.
I like Power Rangers.
I like Spiderman.
I like Hulk.

Graceful Grace
Meet Grace.
Grace began ballet dancing when she was very small.
She went to ballet classes with other girls.
When Grace first began dancing, she wore ballet slippers.
With a lot of practice at the bar,
and a lot of stretching,
Grace got to wear a different kind of shoe.
These shoes were called "pointe shoes" and they are for advanced dancers.
Pointe shoes have wood in their toes and make ballet dancing look tall and graceful.
Eventually, Grace got to dance with a partner, just like a professional ballerina!
Grace decided it was time to audition for a ballet company.
When Grace did not get chosen to be a part of the company, she was discouraged.
But Grace did not give up. She practiced more at the bar.
She stretched some more.
And she auditioned again.
This time, Grace made the ballet company!
After all of her hard work, Grace was a professional ballerina.

Our Letter "L" Book
Letter Ll.
Lion starts with the letter l.
Lollipop starts with the letter l.
Leaf starts with the letter l.
Lemon starts with the letter l.
Ladybug starts with the letter l.
Leopard starts with the letter l.
Llama starts with the letter l.
Lizard starts with the letter l.
Licorice starts with the letter l.
Letter Ll.

Lots of Pizza
Some people like pizza with just cheese.
Some like pizza with pepperoni.
Some like pizza with chocolate.
Some like pizza with meat.
Some like pizza with vegetables.
Some like thick crust.
Some like thin crust.
I like different kinds of pizza.
What kind of pizza do you like?

Camping
I camp in the winter.
I camp in the summer.
I use a tent when I camp.
There are wild animals where I camp.
I build a fire when I camp.
I cook marshmallows over the fire.
I catch fish when I camp.
I hike when I camp.
I see mountains when I camp.

Racing! Vroom!
Welcome to the race!
The drivers talk to the fans before the race.
Some drivers are females, like Danica Patrick.
There are a lot of fans to cheer on the drivers.
The cars go down pit-row to get gas and tires.
The mechanics work on the cars during the race.
The cars must be inspected before and after the race.
The cars race in circles.
The cars need gas to go fast.
Some drivers spin in the grass after they win.

Dogs!
Little dog.
Big dog.
Running dogs.
Jumping dog.
Cool dog.
Swinging dog.
Holiday dogs.
Dancing dog.
Kissing dogs.
Swimming dog.
Sleeping dog.

Cows! Cows! Cows!
Cows give us milk.
Not all cows are brown.
Some cows are black and white.
Cows eat grass.
Not all cows look the same.
Cows have calves.
Cows are different sizes.
And some cows have horns, so be careful!

Patty the Pig
Patty the pig was not too big.
On weekend nights, she danced the jig.
But Patty dreamed of bigger things.
She wanted to dance and act and sing!
So one day, Patty headed west.
She sought out fortune and success.
She arrived at a place that looked quite good.
The top of the hill said "HOLLYWOOD!"
"This is it!"  Patty squeaked with glee.
"Everyone's going to love me!"
Patty knew she would have to work hard.
How else would she become a star?
She practiced her talents every day.
She hoped that one day, she'd get to perform them on stage.
But months passed without an audition or gig.
Patty thought about going home and dancing the jig.
"No," she resolved, "I won't lose hope!"
"I can't just sit around and mope!"
So Patty rehearsed even more and more.
One day, a casting director came to her door.
"I've seen your work, pig, and I'll make you a star!"
"Stick with me, and you'll go far!"
Patty couldn't believe her ears.
She was so excited, she was almost in tears!
So Patty worked for weeks and weeks.
Rehearsing lines and recording scenes.
It finally came - her big premiere night!
She walked the red carpet and saw her name in lights!
Patty had made all her dreams come true.
Now, her whole life felt brand new.
Her movie had finally made it big!
Patty was truly a star of a pig!

Olympic Dreams
The Olympics come  every four years.
The athletes practice very hard and dream of winning.
Athletes come from all over the world to race.
Some athletes race in swimming.
The runners run very fast.
The gymnasts do tricks and flips.
The bikers ride really fast.
The winners of the races win a gold medal.
Many dreams come true at the Olympics.

True Love
Once upon a time there was a man and a woman.
The man, Toby, was a musician.
Toby was madly in love with a Jamaican girl named Amanda.
Toby was a musician and Amanda loved his music.
They dated for several years and were crazy about each other.
One day, Toby asked Amanda to marry him.
She said yes!
Now, they are happily married and have a beautiful son.

Chocolate Everywhere!
There's dark chocolate...
And white chocolate...
And milk chocolate.
There's chocolate in brownies.
There are chocolate cupcakes.
There's chocolate in cookies.
There are chocolate cakes with chocolate icing.
And chocolate pies.
And chocolate doughnuts.
And chocolate ice cream.
And chocolate candy.
Don't forget hot chocolate.
Or chocolate-covered strawberries.
Or chocolate-chip pancakes!
Chocolate is sweet and has lots of sugar.
Chocolate tastes delicious!

Earth's Seasons
The Fall Season is here.
Leaves begin to fall from the trees to the ground.
Winter has arrived.
The trees and ground are covered in snow.
Children dress warmly to go outside and play.
The snow begins to melt.
Spring has arrived.
Flowers of all different colors begin to bloom.
Bees swarm in the air.
It's time for baseball!
School is out. Summer is here!
The sun shines brightly and warms the air.
Children swim in swimming pools.
The ice cream truck delivers delicious ice cream.
School starts back up.
Earth's four seasons repeat over again.

Sam's Trip to the Zoo
Sam's Trip to the Zoo.
For Sam's birthday, his parents took him to the zoo.
First, they saw the monkeys.
Sam liked how they jumped from tree to tree.
Next, they visited the elephants.
They were much bigger than Sam.
Then they saw the lions.
Sam's mom told him that lions were protective of their cubs.
Sam thought the panda bears looked funny.
Sam's dad explained that panda bears were not like brown bears.
Sam and his family took a break to eat lunch.
After lunch, they saw the giraffes.
They had very long necks.
Then they visited the zebras.
Sam loved their stripes.
Lastly, they saw the alligators.
Their sharp teeth scared Sam.
When it was time to leave, Sam was sad.
Before they left, Sam's parents took him to the Zoo's Gift Shop.
Sam picked out a lion neck pillow and fell asleep with it on the ride home.
When Sam got home, he told his parents that his favorite animal was the giraffe.
Which animal was your favorite?

Buildings
This building has two towers.
Inside the towers are big bells.
This building is a crooked tower.
Inside are a lot of Stairs.
This building has many windows.
Inside there are famous paintings.
This building is a giant triangle.
Inside is a dead body.
This building is propped up.
Inside is stained glass and gold.
This building is made entirely of snow.
Inside is more snow.
This building is made of felt blankets.
It is collapsible.
This building is a pentagon
No one knows for sure what is inside.

The Ocean
The Ocean is a frothy place.
Pelicans glide by in the sky,
then dive straight down, fast as lightning.
Was he hungry?
The ocean can be an intimidating place.
The people look so small compared to the big waves.
And the waves look so small compared to the big ocean.
The ocean can be a calm place.
But underneath it's always exciting.
Exciting and strange looking.
Some of the animals are dangerous.
But not this one, he is called a Whale Shark.
The Whale Shark swam away.
The ocean can be a lonely place.

A Dog's Day at the Beach!
What am I going to do today?
I think I am going to call my friend Izabella to go to the beach!
We are going to run and have some fun with our tongues sticking out!
I love the wind blowing in my face!
So does my friend Izabella!
I am having so much fun!  Look what I found!
This thing is so much fun to play with!
Izabella found something cool too!
We are having a blast running and jumping in the waves!
Izabella looks very tired.  She has played very hard today!
I am tired too!
I think it's time to go home now!
It's been a great day with my friend Izabella.

Soccer Shootout
Berk was a goalie on the Titans team.
They played for the championship against the Cosmos.
Berk blocked the winning shot.
The Titans won their first championship game.

All About Hockey
He is sitting on the bench.
These teams are in the Stanley Cup.
They are warming up.
He is waiting for the warm-ups to end.
The Capital's goalie saved an amazing goal.
Martin Brodeur is an unbelievable goalie.
The Stanley Cup they won is big, shiny, and amazing.
They are taking their Stanley Cup picture in Detroit, Michigan.

Beer
There are many different kinds of beers.
Not all alcohol is beer.
Beer can have a bad taste.
Beer can be classy.
Beer can be used to relax.
Beer can be a lot of fun.
Beer can be too much fun.
In many countries, beer is a tie to a cultural heritage.
Lots of people like to drink beer.
It is important not to drink and then drive a car.
You can always walk!  This way, you can carry your beer with you.
If you can't walk you could take the bus.

Our Journey to the Zoo
By: Students in Room 18
We will need permisson from mom and dad to go to the zoo.
We will go on our school bus to the zoo.
We will need money to spend at the zoo.
We will wear our school shirt and shorts to the zoo.
We will wear our sunglasses and a cap to the zoo.
We will eat lots of food at the zoo.
We will see lots of animals at the zoo.
This is our journey to the zoo.

Eating Tator Tots
We eat tator tots with cheese, ketchup, and ranch.
Tator tots are good at school.
We are going to make them on Friday.
We are going to eat them after we bake them in the oven.
After we are finished eating we will clean the table.

Martin Luther King Jr.
Martin Luther King Day became a national holiday in 1986.
Martin Luther King Jr. was born in Georgia on January 15th, 1929.
Martin worked to stop segregation.
Martin Luther King worked for peace.
Martin was killed on April 4th, 1968.
Children are taught about Martin's work to change unfair laws.

Seasons
Winter.
Spring.
Summer.
Fall.

Things About the Moon
The moon is the same age as the earth.
It's dark on the moon.
The sun's light reflects off the moon.
There is no air on the moon.
There are no living things on the moon.
It is hot during the day and cold at night.
There is no water on the moon.
The moon has no weather.
The moon is a cool place.
I hope you learned more about the moon.

Peace on Earth
Martin Luther King Jr. wanted all people to be treated the same, and not judged by their skin color.
They had different bathrooms for black and white people.
He wanted black and white boys and girls to go to school together.
He wanted no fighting and no war.
Did his dream come true?

Faces of Black History Month
There are many faces of black history.
Rosa Parks.
Harriet Tubman.
Martin Luther King Jr.
Jackie Robinson.
Willie Mays.
Booker T. Washington.
Thurgood Marshall.
Jesse Jackson.
Barack Obama.

Naperville
Naperville, Illinois is a great city to live in.
There is a lot to do in Naperville.
There is a bell tower called the Carillon.
There are many forest preserves that are fun to hike around.
This is the dandelion fountain.
North Central College is in Naperville.
Naperville North High School has a good football team.

String Instruments
There are many different string instruments.
An acoustic guitar is played by strumming the strings.
This is a violin. It is played with a bow.
An electric bass guitar uses an amplifier to make the sounds louder.
This is an electric guitar. Rock bands usually use this instrument.
This is a banjo. It is popular in southern music.
A double bass is a large string instrument that needs to be played standing up.
Unlike the double bass, the cello is played sitting down.
This is a harp. Plucking the strings makes an angelic sound.
A piano is also a string instrument. Isn't that a surprise?
There are string instruments all around you in the world of music.

Barack Obama's Hands and My Hands
Barack Obama uses his hands to drink.
I drink with my hands.
Barack Obama uses his hands to eat.
I eat with my hands.
Mr. Obama uses his hand to say, "Hang Loose!"
I say "Hang Loose" with my hand.
The President talks on the phone with his hands.
I use my hands to talk on the phone.
Barack Obama uses his hand to give a "thumbs up."
I give two thumbs up.
Our President shakes hands with people.
I shake hands.

St. Patrick's Day
I love St. Patrick's Day!
St. Patrick's Day is leprechauns.
St. Patrick's Day is shamrocks. I hope I find a four leaf lucky clover!
St. Patrick's Day is green food!
I love green cupcakes- how about you?
Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Musical ABC's
A is for AMEN that gospel choirs sing.
B is for BLOWING a horn 'til the rafters ring.
C is for COUNTRY...
and CLASSICAL music that's a treat.
D is for DRUMS you can beat.
E is for EARS that hear music play.
F is for FEET that march along the way.
G is for GUITAR that strums along.
H is for HORN that plays a song.
I is for INSTRUMENTS that play the tune.
J is for JAZZ in the light of the moon.
K is for KICK up your heels while you dance.
L is for LISTEN when you get a chance.
M is for MUSIC of every kind.
N is for NOTES on the page that we find.
O is for ORCHESTRA, a really big band.
P is for PIANO that we play with our hands.
Q is for QUICK marching up the hill.
R is for ROCK...
and RAP music, when we can't sit still.
S is for SINGING your favorite song.
T is for TRIANGLE that's hit loud and long.
U is for UKELELE that we gently strum.
V is for VOICE that can sing or hum.
W is for WAVE your hands in the air.
X is for XYLOPHONE played with a flair.
Y is for YODEL that's sung very loud.
and Z is for ZYDECO, played to a rowdy crowd.

Safety on the Beach
Safety at the Beach!
You should always protect yourself from the sun.
One way is to wear sunglasses.
A beach hat can also protect you from the sun.
An umbrella can provide shade!
Applying sunscreen multiple times during day can keep sunburn away.
There should always be a lifeguard on duty.
While boating, it is a smart idea to wear a life jacket.
Drinking lots of water is very important when you are in the hot sun!
Eating throughout the day can help you keep up your energy.
Sometimes, a shell might cut you. Having a small first aid kit can come in handy.
While swimming in the ocean, make sure you stay in between the green flags of the lifeguard.
Also while swimming, you should swim during low tide.
Whenever you go somewhere, you should never go alone.
To make sure of other people's safety, always walk at the beach. Sand in your eyes is very painful!

My 5th Birthday!
Yesterday, I turned five!
To celebrate, I had a party with all of my friends!
Before the party, my Mom made my big brother blow up all the balloons. He was not happy.
While my brother blew up the balloons, my Mom and I made the cupcakes.
Mom and Dad also made me a special birthday cake that I coulnd't see until my party!
Then we set up the food and desserts and waited for friends to come.
My dogs were ready for the party too.
When my friends came, they were really excited because there were a lot of fun things to do...
...like playing parachute...
...and doing arts and crafts!
Then we played games to win prizes, like bouncy balls...
...and candy!
Finally, it was time to blow out the candles on the cake.
My Mom and Dad surprised me by putting my favorite Superhero, Batman, on top of the cake.
We all enjoyed the cake, especially my little brother.
We had ice cream too...
...and cotton candy!
My Mom said we had had enough sugar and that is was time to open presents.
My favorite present was a lava lamp from my Aunt Amy!
At the very end of the night, we watched fireworks outside. This was the best birthday ever!

Birthday
I woke up and realized it was my birthday!
My mom baked me my favorite blueberry pancakes.
I got my cupcakes ready for school.
My dad drove me to school.
I listened to my favorite song on the radio.
We passed a farm on the way to school.
I spotted my school's flag and knew we were here.
I was ready for school.
Math was boring that day.
After class, I went to my locker.
My friends decorated my locker with balloons.
I ate pizza for lunch.
My friends loved the cupcakes I brought.
My teacher gave me pencils.
I took the bus home.
My dog was waiting for me at home.
I watched television.
Then, I went to my favorite restaurant.
They surprised me with cake.
At home, I opened my presents.

The Best Birthday Party Ever!
I wake up on a lovely Friday morning.
I'm so excited!
Today is my birthday!
I've been planning for months!
I have so much to do in so little time. I must go to the mall.
I need to find a cute outfit,
with nice shoes to match!
Then I have to get my hair done.
I can't forget about the make up!
Time to go to the nail salon.
My party starts in an hour!
Time to rush home to meet my friends.
They surprised me with ice cream,
cakes, and desserts.
They told me not to eat much because we are going to dinner.
After dinner we went to the club. I love to party!
There was a guest performance.
It was Great!
I received lots of presents that made me smile.
This was the best birthday ever!

Fun in the Sun!
Fun in the Sun! Activities to do at the beach!
Wake up early and catch the beautiful sunrise over the ocean water.
Once the sun is up, you can soak up the sun and relax by laying out on the beach.
If you are feeling hot from the sun's rays, cool down by jumping in the waves.
Many people enjoy fishing.
Sail away into the ocean's vast water.
If you are lucky, maybe you will see a whale or a dolphin.
On a nice, windy day you can fly a kite!
Feeling adventurous? Take a ride in a dune buggy.
Lighthouses are fun to look at, and some places let you climb to the top!
Some people enjoy playing sports. Vollyball is a great activity to play with friends, or fun to watch!
You can even play soccer on the beach. Many people play soccer on the beach without shoes.
Be sure to bring your binoculars to see all of the different birds that live around the beach.
If you like horses, some beaches allow horseback riding.
Some beaches have boardwalks with rides, games, and delicious food.
While walking the boardwalk, enjoy a fun game of mini golf.

My Birthday!
Today is my 10th Birthday.
I woke up early for school.
I took a shower.
I brushed my teeth.
I ate some breakfast.
I rode the bus to school.
In school I completed classwork.
At recess I played outside.
I had special birthday lunch.
My friends celebrated my birthday at school.
We all ate cupcakes.
I got balloons.
I watched T.V. after school.
My family came over for dinner.
I got a special birthday cake.
My family sang "Happy Birthday."
I had ten candles on my cake and another for good luck.
I blew out my candles.
I opened my presents.
I got a dog! I named her Rose.
I also got a pink laptop.
For the rest of the night I spent time with my brother and sister. It was a great day!

Snow Animals
This is a cat in the snow. He does not belong there.
These are penguins in the snow. They belong there!
This is a dog in the snow.
Here is a tiger in the snow. Do you think he belongs there?

My Day at Summer Camp
On a sunny day, early in the morning,
My parents dropped me off at camp.
I was so excited to start camp.
I had my bag packed with all the stuff I would need.
I met my camp counselor who went over the schedule for the day.
Our first activity was free swim.
After free swim was sports. The sports specialist said that we were playing basketball.
We could also play soccer.
After sports, we had lunch.
I ate the lunch that my mom made me.
After lunch we had swim lessons.
After swim lessons, we had arts and crafts.
We had music in the afternoon.
In arts and crafts, my friends and I made friendship bracelets for each other.
We made beaded bracelets for our parents.
In music we sang the camp song.
I also learned to play guitar.
The last activity was a nature walk.
I had a great day reuniting with my friends.
I could not wait to go home to tell mom all about my great day!

All About Soccer
This is what a soccer field looks like.
There are 11 people on the field from each team.
There is one goalie. A goalie's job is to stop the other team's shots.
Goalies are the only people on the field that are allowed to touch the ball with their hands.
There are 3 defenders. A defender's job is to help the goalie and try and stop the other team from shooting.
There are 4 players at midfield. Their job is to run back and forth and play defense and offense.
There are 3 forwards on the soccer field. Their job is to try and score a goal against the other team.
You can hit the ball with your head.
Or you can kick it.
Girls and boys can play soccer at any age. You can be young.
Or you can be older.
It is important to stretch before you start playing or else you can get hurt.
You need special shoes called cleats that have spikes at the bottom to help you run.
Soccer balls come in many different colors and sizes.
Soccer is a team sport and everyone has to work together.
Many people like to watch soccer.

I Like Buses
I like buses.
I like red buses.
I like big buses.
I like sitting near the window.
I like all sorts of buses.
Do you like buses?

Television
I like to watch Television.
Sometimes, I want to watch sad movies.
Titanic is a good sad movie to watch.
I like to watch comedies to make me laugh.
I like the Simpsons.
Sometimes, I like to watch sports.
Soccer is my favorite.
Sometimes, certain events occur every 4 years.
The Olympics are a lot of fun to watch.
Television is also a special treat.
Saturday mornings, I get to watch cartoons!
People also go out to watch television!
Sometimes my parents will take me out to the movies for a special treat!
Some people watch television to listen to music!
MTV is my favorite program!
I love watching television.

Cool Things at the Beach!
At the beach I might find...
colorful fish swimming in the water,
seahorses riding the waves,
little sand crabs crawling in the sand,
mussels sleeping in their shells,
clams hanging out,
beautiful sunsets,
seagulls hovering above,
dolphins jumping along the waves,
sharks patroling the seas,
rollercoasters filling the boardwalk,
funnel cakes that make your mouth water,
beautiful shells covering the shore,
starfish taking in the sun,
jellyfish bobbing around,
music filling the air,
whales kissing in the deep blue sea,
surfers taking in the sun,
a big, beautiful sun,
and of course, love!

Christmas Time
A few weeks before Christmas, we looked for a tree.
Then we started decorating it.
This is what it looked like after!
I baked some cookies.
I got to decorate those as well.
When they were done, I ate some with milk.
Afterwards, I got some wrapping paper.
I wrapped all of my presents for my family.
It started snowing outside.
The animals ran for cover.
On Christmas Eve, I wrote my letter to Santa.
I also set some carrots out for the reindeer.
I left some of my cookies for Santa too!
After that, I went to sleep.
And the next morning, there were presents under the tree!

A Day at the Beach
Today I am going to the beach.
This is my bag with the things I will bring.
I have sunglasses.
I have sunscreen.
I have a bathing suit.
I brought my flip flops.
I have my shovels.
I like to read magazines.
I also like to listen to my music.
On the way there, we bought some sandwiches.
We also brought some sodas.
When we arrived, my sisters and I built a sandcastle.
We played in the waves.
I like to dry off while I lay out in the sun.
My family and I like to play volleyball.
Finally, we visited the boardwalk.
This is my favorite game.
Lastly, we watched the sunset.
I was very tired after our long day at the beach.
I can't wait to come back next time!

A Day at the Beach
Today I went to the beach.
Before playing in the sand, I had to put sunscreen on.
I played in the sand with some toys.
I made a really cool sandcastle.
Here is a heart I made.
I saw some seagulls and chased them.
I jumped in some really big waves.
In the water, I spotted a starfish.
I saw some fish and ran out of the water!
I even saw some jellyfish on the beach.
I collected many seashells on the beach.
After collecting seashells, I sat under my beach umbrella.
I watched the waves splash on the beach.
I walked on the boardwalk.
I was hungry, so I ate some pizza.
After pizza, I had some ice cream.
I saw some really cool rides on the boardwalk.
I also saw fireworks when night time came.
I got tired and went home.
I had a great day, I can't wait to go back to the beach!

All About Disneyworld!
Cinderella's Castle at night! The main attraction at Disneyworld.
Every night, fireworks can be seen in every park.
Space mountain is one of the oldest roller coasters that lets you blast off into space.
Ride Dumbo in the Magic Kingdom!
In the Haunted Mansion in Magic Kingdom, be prepared to get scared and have guests join your car!
Guests get to meet the Yeti on the new Mt. Everest Rollercoaster!
During the Wild Safari in Animal Kingdom, tons of wild animals can be seen.
Meet characters as they roam the streets to sign autographs.
Tomorrowland is featured in Magic Kingdom and lets you get a glimpse into the future.
Every night, guests can see Fantasmic, which includes fireworks, fire, live actors and boats.
Beauty and the Beast is one of the many live shows that is offered at Disney World.
Splash mountain is a popular attraction that allows you to get soaked!
In Epcot, guests can visit countries from around the world and experience their culture, activities, and food.
Take a ride on the Tower of Terror and drop down 13 floors of the Hollywood Tower Hotel!
The Tree of Life is a well known attraction that is 145 feet tall and has many animals carved into it.
Many stores are placed around the parks so guests can buy many souvenirs.
Take the Monarail around all of Magic Kingdom to look at the sights!
Arrgh Matey! Transform into a pirate during this classic Disney Ride.
Whirl through time on the Mad Hatter Tea Cups!
Go through the countries of the world on It's a Small World!

Beach Fun
Going to the beach is a lot of fun.
You can swim in the ocean.
You can lay out in the sun. Don't forget suntan lotion!
While laying out in the sun, why not listen to music stored on your MP3 player?
If you don't have an MP3 player, feel free to bring a book to read.
If the waves are big enough, you can go surfing.
If surfing is too hard, you can try to skim board.
If you don't like the water, you can always play volleyball.
Bring a ball  and play catch with people.
Walking along the beach is always peaceful.
If you get bored along the way, you can always collect sea shells.
After collecting seashells, you can make a sand castle and decorate it with the sea shells.
If you feel like getting up, run along the shoreline. Don't be afraid to bring a friend, even if it is a dog.
If you get bored at the beach, take a trip to the boardwalk.
After a long day of activities, the best snack to munch on is a plate of boardwalk french fries.
Don't forget the delicious ice cream that is available on the boardwalk.
On special days, the people who work at the beach show fireworks.
To clear your mind, sit on the shore and watch the sunset.
As the sun is setting, you and your guests can make a bonfire.
After a day of fun and relaxation, drive home and treat your sunburns.

My First Trip to Magic Kingdom
Cinderalla's Castle
Today is my first trip to Disney World. First, we went on the Monorail to go to Magic Kingdom.
We came in and the first thing we saw was Cinderella's castle.
Next, I had an ice cream on Main Street, U.S.A.
The first place in Magic Kingdom we went to was Tomorrowland.
I went on Space Mountain. It was so much fun.
Next we went to Toontown where I met Mickey, Minnie and friends.
Next we went to Fantasy land. I went on the tea cup ride.
Next we went to Liberty Square. We rode the river boat ride.
We also went to the Haunted Mansion. It was so scary.
Next we went to Frontier land.
We went on Splash Mountain, where the fox was always trying to hurt the bunny.
Then we went on Big Thunder Mountain. This ride was one of my favorites.
Next, we went to Adventure land.
We went on the Pirates of the Caribbean Ride, and I got to see Jack Sparrow.
Finally, we went to the castle which was my favorite part of the trip. We saw the Disney Princesses.
As we were leaving, we watch the fireworks over the castle. It was my favorite trip ever.

The Olympics
The Olympics happen every two years.
Every Olympic Games has an opening ceremony,
As well as several venues where the events take place.
In 2010, the Olympics were held in Vancouver.
The Vancouver Olympics torch sits in the city outside.
The Olympics feature many spectacular and amazing shows.
Athletes travel from around the world to compete.
Events like swimming in the Summer Olympics are a favorite.
Gymnastics is another popular sport for the all-around events.
Nastia Liukin and Shawn Johnson competed in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games, Nastia winning the gold in the all around.
Michael Phelps in the 2008 Olympics competed in 8 events.
He won eight gold medals with those events.
Diving is a popular sport, with countries such as the US and China winning a lot.
Wayne Gretsky, the Great One, carried the final leg of the torch for the Olympics in Vancouver.
The Olympics, both Summer and Winter, bring the world together for friendly competition.

Polar Bears
My animal is a polar bear.
He is white like the snow.
He swims in the water.
He lives in the arctic snow and ice.
He eats fish.

Andrew's Book
Andrew loves to walk with his friends.
Andrew likes to play basketball.
Andrew likes to keep clean.
Andrew likes to ride in big trucks.
Andrew likes puppy dogs.
Andrew likes to be with his friends.
Andrew likes coming to school to learn and spend time with his friends.
Andrew likes to play the piano in his spare time.

The Penguins of Madagascar
The Penguins of Madagascar live in the Central Park Zoo.
Skipper is the leader of the penguins.
Kowalski is very smart.
Rico swallows tools.
Private cracks codes.
Dr. Blowhole is a bully.
King Julian is King of the Lemurs.
Mort is a mouse lemur.
Maurice is King Julian's servant.
Marlene is an otter. She is Skipper's friend.

Winter Olympics
This picture is of the dog olympics!
This is a pretty picture!
This is a water place.
This is a cake for the olympics!
This is a picture of Canada!
This cupcake is for the 2010 olympics!

Rhyming Birds
This bird will look you in the eye.
This bird has no thighs.
These birds like to fly.
These birds are in the sky.
These birds look like something has gone awry.
This bird just flew by.
This bird wants to get high.
This bird likes to spy.
This bird makes fish die.
This bird has lots of feathers.
This bird thinks she is better.
This bird looks beautiful in any weather.
These birds are in a row.
These birds are putting on a show.
These birds just come and go.
These birds swim to and fro.
This bird cannot throw.
This bird is fat and slow.

Counting with Dogs
One dog is running.
Two dogs are ready for bathtime.
Three dogs love the olympics.
Four dogs are waiting to play.
Five dogs are well behaved.
Six dogs are looking for a home.
Seven dogs are sleeping.
Eight toy dogs read a book.

Timothy's Day at the Beach
At the beach...
I look for shells.
I make a sand castle.
I scream at crabs.
I feed seagulls fish.
I put the boat in the water.
I look at starfish in the water.

How to Make a Salad
Materials: Lettuce, apples, grapes, tomatoes.
Step 1: Wash everything.
Step 2: Cut the lettuce, cut the apples, cut the tomatoes, and cut the grapes into halves.
Step 3: Put the lettuce and the fruits in a salad bowl.
Step 4: Put ranch dressing in the bowl and mix the salad.
Step 5: The salad is ready to serve!

How to Make a Paper Airplane
Materials: Paper.
Step 1: Fold the sheet in half, then open.
Step 2: Pull the top corners down to the middle and fold.
Step 3: Pull the folded edges to the middle crease and fold.
Step 4: Fold along the middle crease.
Step 5: Fold over the top edges to make wings.

Sailing Away
This is a schooner.
It looks like a storm is approaching!
It looks like the clouds are breaking.
It's time to relax.
Headed home.
Ready for the sunset.
Our day is done.

Civil War Field 1862
Dear diary, December 1862.
General Lee leads the Confederates.
General McClellan finds General Lee's battle plan.
September 17, 1962. The battle of Antietam.
General Burnsides leads the Union army across the bridge.

Butterflies
Hi, my name is Chelsea.
Butterflies are my favorite animal.
I like the patterns and designs on their wings.
I enjoy watching them flutter past.
I have a butterfly toy that I carry with me everywhere I go.
My favorite color is blue, so I like blue butterflies the most.
I would pick watching them fly by over school any day.
I sometimes wish that I was a butterfly myself.

Johnny Goes to the Beach
At the beach...
I pick up shells.
The seagull flies.
I play in the sand.
I pick up a starfish.
I run from the crab.
I sail on a boat.

Lady Gaga
This is Lady Gaga. She is weird.
Blah.
She makes good music.
This is her at the Grammy's.
She wears crazy hairdos.
She has ugly clothes.
Lady Gaga does not play the Piano!
This is a poster of Lady Gaga.
Lady Gaga singing.
She is covered in ice.
She is shiny.
Bye bye now. (Everyone thinks she will have a tragic end.)

We Love Candy
We Love Candy!
Candy tastes good.
Brandon loves M&M's.
Kristy loves pink candy.
Gabe likes fudge!
Alfredo likes to keep candy in his backpack.

Civil War Diary
Dear Diary, December 1862.
General Grant lead at Shiloh.
Admiral Farragut captures New Orleans for the Union.
The Homestead Act gives free land.
Lincoln frees the slaves in the rebel states. September 22, 1862.

Horse Breeds
All About Horses.
This is an Arabian.
This is an Australian Stock Horse.
This is a Lippizan.
These are mustangs.
This is a Palomino.
This is a Quarter Horse.
This is a Shire.
This is a Thoroughbred.

The Fire at the End
There are fireworks around the city every night.
People say "Oooooh, aaaaaaaah, eeeeeeeeeeeh", because people like fireworks.
Even Chinese people like fireworks. All around the world, people love fireworks, including the U.S.A!
If you put too many fireworks around the world, will this happen?
Or this? because people's hair can catch on fire easily!
The Earth might catch on fire too!
For example, if the sun comes too close, do you know what might happen?
This will happen, because people can't hide, if there's nowhere to run and no place to hide!

Pick Up the Tapes and DVDs
The tapes are on the floor.
The tapes are a mess.
This tape is broken. It can't be fixed.
The tapes are neat.
The tapes are put away.
The DVDs are on the floor.
The DVDs are a mess.
The DVD has scratches and won't work.
Sometimes we can fix the DVD, but not always.
The DVDs are neat.
The DVDs are put away.
The bedroom is neat and I am happy.

Animals
The cat is gray.
The ducks are kissing.
Penguins live in the cold.
The racooon is sleeping.

Who Likes Fairies?
Who likes fairies? I do!
Who likes fairies? I do!
Who likes fairies? I do!
Who likes fairies? I do!
Who likes fairies? I do!
Who likes fairies? I do!
Who likes fairies? I do!
Who likes fairies? I do too!

Cattle Dogs Are Cool
Cattle dogs are cool!
They like to fetch.
They like to rest.
They like to explore.
They like to jump.
They like to read.
Sometimes they nap.
Sometimes they drink water out of the toilet!

Eli's Farm Book
I like to read about farms.
A farmer works on the farm.
This is a tractor on a farm.
This is a combine on a farm.
A girl picks corn on a farm.
A sleeping hog lives on a farm.
This farm dog drives a tractor!
A farm has hens and chicks.
A horse lives on a farm.
A cow eats corn on a farm.
Watch out for the bull!
Don't forget to shut the gate!

My School
Welcome to my school.
This is the front office.
This is a classroom door.
These are the lockers.
This is my Classroom.
This is the teacher office.
This is the WIN work room.
This is the WIN work space.
This is the literacy room.
This is the bathroom.
This is the recreation and leisure room.
This is the home and daily-living area.
This is the lunchroom.
This is the power-walking hall.
This is the STAR work room.
This is the STAR work space.
This is the gym.
This is the bike parking lot.
This is the nurses office.
The End!

I Think It Is Fun
Tyler thinks it is fun to spend money.
Haley thinks it is fun to play outside.
Willie thinks it is fun to eat.
Jordan thinks it is fun to go riding in the car.
Brandon thinks it is fun to go to church.
Cassandra thinks it is fun to go to Wal-Mart.
Shanay thinks it is fun to play cards.
Shacoby thinks it is fun to listen to music.
Morgan thinks it is fun to put together puzzles.
Billy thinks it is fun to go bowling.

We Saw...
We saw so much at the aquarium.
We saw fish at the aquarium.
We saw penguins swimming in the water.
We saw dolphins doing tricks at the aquarium.
We saw sharks in the wild reef.
We saw a turtle named Nickel.
We saw the sea otters doing flips.
We saw a seahorse we liked at the the aquarium.
We saw the beluga whale splash at the aquarium.
We had a fun day at the Shedd Aquarium.

Following the Rules at School
All students have a schedule to follow at school.
Athletics is a class like other classes.
Students must follow the rules and follow the class schedule.
When a student doesn't follow the rules, there are consequences.
High school will be fun, but there are rules there, too!

Puppies
I like the puppies!
I like the bulldog sitting in the car.
This dog is jumping to the house.
This dog is sitting down.
The puppies are sleeping in the bed quietly.
This dog is in the house.

Row Your Boat: Action Song
Row Your Boat
Row, row, row your boat. Keep your muscles strong.
Pump, pump, pump your arms. Up above your head.
Kick, kick, kick your legs. Out in front of you.
Jump, jump, jump real high. Try to touch the sky.
Punch, punch, punch your arms. Straight in front of you.
March, march, march your legs. Keep your knees up high.
Jog, jog, jog in place. Try to go real fast.
Clap, clap, clap your hands. Clap them very loud.

Piano
A piano has 88 keys: 52 white and 36 black.
A piano is a musical instrument  that makes beautiful music by pressing keys.
Anyone can learn how to play the piano, but it takes lots of practice.
To play the piano you need to follow musical notes.
This is a very famous classical piano player, Beethoven.
People come to watch piano players perform in a large auditorium.
A keyboard is a type of piano.
This is a grand piano.
A baby grand piano is slightly smaller.
Silly baby!

All About Sports
The man is running track.
The guys are playing soccer.
The girl is riding a horse.
Bike riding is fun!
The boy does tricks with his bike.
The man dunks the basketball!
Motorcycles are fun to ride.
The cheerleaders are cheering at a football game.

The Rodeo
At the rodeo there are cowboys.
Cowboys ride a bull at the rodeo and get points.
This is the sign for when the rodeo comes to town.
A cowboy needs to wear boots at the rodeo.
A cowboy wears spurs on his boots.
The cowboy uses his lasso to catch the bulls.
Cowboys wear a 10 gallon hat on their heads.
Some bulls can get to be really big.
One rule is to watch out for the bull's sharp horns.
Cowboys try to stay on the bull for 8 seconds or more.
First place at the rodeo wins a belt buckle and money.
My favorite cowboy is Dusty from the movie Pure Country.
I would like to find out more about being a cowboy.

Basketball
Basketball is a sport.
Basketball is fun.
There is a basket.
The basket has a net.
There is a ball.
There are two teams.
Teams score points.
Teams have fans.
Fans love basketball.

Cars
Which car do you like best?
There are orange cars.
There are blue cars.
There are pink cars.
There are blue cars.
There are cars in lines.
There are rusty cars.
There are cars that are painted.
There are old cars.
There are new cars.
There are very fast cars.
There are very slow cars.
There are small cars.
There are big cars.
Which car do you like best?

Joe's Room
I am in Miss R's classroom. This is my classroom. It is Number 208.
My name is on the door. There are lots of cool things in my classroom.
I have my own desk in Miss R's classroom.
I am not allowed to take letters from other classrooms. I have letters in Miss R's classroom.
I can earn a break to play letters, numbers, or color in Miss R's classroom.
I like working in Miss R's classroom. It is my classroom, too.

Princesses
4 princesses
3 princesses
Ariel
Snow White
Belle
Snow White and the 7 dwarfs
Cinderella

Building A School
This is me getting ready to build a school. The name of the school is St. Teresa.
I used an excavator to dig a hole to start building the school.
When the dirt was on the pile, I used the backhoe loader to carry the dirt to the off road, giant dump trucks.
These are the dump trucks that are waiting to be used on the site. I dumped the dirt into the waiting dump trucks.
Here is me and Stéphane working into the night.
I put up walls, roofs, windows doors and other things that I got from the flat bed trucks.
When the school was done I went in with all my friends.

2010 Olympics
The Olympics are in Vancouver, Canada.
The torch was carried all around the world to be lit at the opening ceremony.
The luge is one exciting event!
Figure skating is a beautiful event.
The U.S. team beat China 12-1 in ice hockey.
The speed skaters go really fast!
Shawn White is a favorite U.S. snow boarder.
Men and women are in the skiing events!
We'll remember the Canadian Olympic Flame forever!

Winter Olympics
It is time for the 2010 Winter Olympics.
The Olympics started a long time ago in Greece.
The Greeks lit a flame for their Olympics.
Today, a flame is lit in Greece and carried to the site of the Olympics.
This is the Olympic flag.  It has 5 rings.
The winter Olympics happen every four years.
This year, the winter Olypmics are in Vancouver, Canada.
Athletes compete in a variety of winter sports...
figure skating...
speed skating...
skiing...
snowboarding...
curling...
bobsledding...
and luge.
When they win, they get a medal!
The Olympics are a special time for everyone around the world to be friends.

Compliments
We are friends.  I like you.
You are beautiful.
You are fun.
You are pretty.
You are a good cook.
You are good looking.
You are a good baker.
You are nice.
You are smart.
You are a sweetheart.
You are strong.
You are cool.
You are cute.
You are kind.
You are sweet.
You are silly.
You are my friend.

Farm ABC's
A -
Acre
B -
Barn
C - 
Cow
D -
Dog
E -
Eggs
F -
Farmer
G -
Goose
H -
Horse
I -
Indian Corn
J -
Jars
K -
Kitten
L -
Leaves
M -
Melon
N -
Nail
O -
Oats
P -
Pigs
Q -
Quail
R -
Rooster
S -
Silo
T -
Tractor
U -
Up
V -
Vegetables
W -
Windmill
X- X on door
Y -
Yolk
Z -
Zucchini

Jay's Pirate Ships
Those ships are fighting.
The ships are in the fog.
This is a Pirate ship.
This is the Pirate ship's enemy!
This is the ship in the war.
This is the steering wheel of the ship.
This is the cannon of the ship.
These are ships in the war battle!
This is the ship called the Lady Washington.
This is the Hawaiian Chieftan
The Black Pearl was behind one of the ships.
The ship is fighting another ship!
This is the deck of the ship.
Flags are hanging on the mast.
The bow deck of the ship is dangerous!
The figure head and the skull are all on the bow.
The compass is on the ship.
The mast is part of the ship.
The skull is on the back of the cannon.
The cannon is very big.
The mast is part of the ship.
These are the ships that are fighting each other.
The lego box has a lego ship in it.
The pirate flag is hanging on the mast.

"E" Words are Easy
E e,  
E's are everywhere.
Elf,  
Elf starts with e.
Say E!
Egg,  
Egg starts with e.
Earth,  
Earth starts with e.
Eraser,  
Eraser starts with e.
Say E!
Elephant,  
Elephant starts with e.
Emu,  
Emu starts with e.
Eagle,  
Eagle starts with e.
Say E!
Eleven,  
Eleven starts with e.
Eyes,  
Eyes starts with e.
Ear,  
Ear starts with e.
Say E!
The End

How to do a Roundoff
Materials: Yourself and clothes.
Step One: Put your hands up.
Step Two: After you put your hands up, put them sideways.
Step Three: Get ready to do a roundoff.
Step Four: Put your hands on the ground.
Step Five: Kick your feet up in the air and land with them together.

How to Make Clone Troopers
Materiais: paper, copier, clone picture, scissors, pins, markers.
Step 1: Color the clone picture.
Step 2: Copy the picture.
Step 3: Cut out the clone troopers body parts.
Step four: Put it together with pins.
Step Five: Give it to Sam.

Mosaics Are Beautiful
Mosaics Are Beautiful.
Mosaics can be made from clay tile.
Mosaics can be made from wood.
Mosaics can be made from jewelry.
Mosaics can be made from pebbles.
Mosaics can be made from  plastic.
Mosaics can be made from china
Mosaics can be made
from dice.

How to Fish
Materials: Fishing pole and bait hook.
Step one: bait your hook.
Step two: cast the hook.
Step three: wait.
Step four: pull the fishing pole.
Step five: reel in the fish.

How to Make a Chocolate Sundae
Materials: Ice cream a bowl and chocolate.
Step 1: Put ice cream in a bowl.
step 2: Put chocolate on top.
Step 3: Add grapes and strawberries on top.
Step 4: Put a spoon in.
Step 5: Eat it.

How to Make Popcorn
Materials: popcorn seeds, oil, salt, cheese.
Step one: clean out old popcorn from popcorn maker.
Step two: get out ingredients.
Step three: put oil, popcorn, salt and cheese in machine.
Step four: wait for popcorn to pop.
Step five: serve fresh popcorn!

How to Make an Ice Cream Sundae
Materials: Vanilla ice cream, two cherries, sprinkles, chocolate syrup, lollipop, bowl and jelly beans.
Step one: ut ice cream in the bowl.
Step two: pour a chocolate syrup moat around it.
Step three: put jelly beans on the sides.
Step four: put sprinkles on top.
Step five: put the cherries on top too.
Step six: put the lollipop on top.

Art Tools
Crayons are used for coloring a picture.
Colored pencils are also used for coloring and outling pictures.
Markers can outline pictures.
Sharpies can outline pictures, but be careful. They go through paper.
Oil pastels  can be smeared to blend colors together.
Oil paints can be mixed to create many beautiful colors.
These are water colors. Pictures painted with water colors are translucent.
Paint brushes are tools needed to paint with oils and water colors.
With pencils you can draw pictures and make shadows.
Easers are tools, too. They erase mistakes.

Butterflies
Butterflies
This is a butterfly.
This is a blue butterfly sitting on a green leaf.
This is a chocolate butterfly sitting on a cupcake.
This is a party with four butterflies.
This is Mommy thinking about butterflies.

Bass Instruments
The bass is a string instrument.
Basses can have 4, 5, 6, 8, or 12 strings.
This is a double bass. They are tall and have a very deep sound.
Double basses must be played standing up.
Double basses are also played in orchestras.
This is a bass guitar. It looks like a guitar, but sounds like a bass.
This is an electric bass guitar. It can be plugged into an amplifier.
This is an acoustic bass guitar. It is hollow so it has a natural sound.
This is a violin bass. It is a semi-acoustic bass. It sounds natural but can be plugged into an amplifier.
Can you find the bass instruments in this orchestra?

First Car
I am sixteen.
I want a new car.
I want a fast car.
I want a pink car.
My friends will like my car.
Instead I got an old truck.
The truck's name is Watson. Watson the Datsun.
I like the truck. I can drive to the Beach.
I can drive to the mountains.
I am happy I did not get this car.

Animals
The tiger is mad.
The lemurs are on the grass.
The cat sees the window.
The ducks are swimming.
The donkey is sticking out his tongue
The dog chews.
The monkeys hold hands.
`
The dog swings.
The giraffes are kissing.
The seal is swimming.
The squirrel is climbing the tree.
The hippos jaws are open.
The pelican is flying.

Ocarinas
An ocarina is a flute-like instrument that can make amazing music. (ah-cuh-ree-nuh)
When you cover up the holes, the sound gets lower.
There are many shapes of ocarinas. Some are shaped like potatoes, and are made of ceramic.
Some are shaped like boats, and are made of metal.
Some are shaped like eggs, and are made of wood.
This ocarina is shaped like an egg, and made of ceramic.
Some people use ocarinas as decorations.
Some have very strange shapes.
A few ocarinas are only for looks.
Some even have faces!
If you like unusual instruments, this is the right one for you!

Who Likes Ice Cream?
Who likes ice cream?
Joshua does!
Who likes chocolate ice cream?
Joshua does!
Who likes ice creams on a stick?
Joshua does!
Who likes ice creams in a cone?
Joshua does!
Who likes ice creams with my friend?
Joshua does!
Who likes ice cream cakes?
Joshua does!
Who likes ice cream?
Joshua does!

Come In, Charlie!
It is lots of fun to play on the playground!
Charlie likes to swing on the playground!
Charlie can swing for 5 minutes on the playground!
When the whistle blows it is time to come inside!
Hurry!  Run!  Come inside Charlie!
Remember!  Listen the first time!  Come in Charlie!

Breanne Follows the Rules
Breanne will ride the bus to school!
Breanne will walk to school. Walk, walk, walk.
When Breanne follows the rules, it makes Miss Rachael happy!
Breanne will hang up her coat and put her backpack away.
When Breanne follows the rules, it makes Miss Rachael happy!
It's time for Breanne to work. Work, work, work.
When Breanne's work is finished, she can play!
Breanne will walk to the bathroom. She will follow the rules in the bathroom.
When Breanne follows the rules in the bathroom, she can play.
Everyone is happy when Breanne follows the rules. Hooray!

Rules At School
Everywhere we go there are rules we must try to follow. We follow rules to stay safe. We follow rules to have fun!
In our class we have 4 very important rules!
Rule #1: Use a quiet voice at school.
Rule #2: Keep your hands to yourself.
Rule #3: Give nice touches to toys and friends.
Rule #4: Listen to the teacher the first time.
It is important that we all try our best to follow the rules at school.
When we follow the rules we will have fun at school!
The End

Our "K" Book
K k
Kangaroo starts with letter k.
Kittens starts with letter k.
Kites starts with letter k.
Keys starts with letter k
Kitchen starts with letter k
Knife starts with letter K
King of hearts starts with k.
K k

Distractions
What is a distraction? A distraction is something that bothers me or bothers others.
In class, students may distract me.
Sometimes they will talk loudly to each other or call my name.
Sometimes they will tap their pens or pencils.
When this happens, you should ignore them.
Focus on yourself. Mind your own business.
If you are distracting someone, they may not like you or want to be your friend.
So, do not be a distraction and ignore distractions in the classroom.

Shar Peis
This dog is a puppy.
My Shar Pei is 3 years old.
This dog is big. I think he is old.
This dog says mommy, why am I wearing this?
This dog sure has a big head!

More Dogs
This dog is ready to jump in the water.
This dog is waiting for a ride.
This dog likes to play at the park.
These dogs play with their toy.
Dogs like this enjoy hunting birds.
Put on your bow for Christmas time.
This dog has blue eyes.
This is the biggest dog.
Look at this big puppy.
This dog is about to eat the ham.
This dog does not like Vick. He was mean to dogs.

All About Pets
This is a bad dog.
That dog looks mad.
I am a bad dog.
Hey, dog. Get off of the couch.
This dog likes to play in the grass.
This is a cute little puppy.
This dog looks like Marley from the movie.
Ms. McGriff had a dog like this named Buster.

Family Halloween
I love Halloween!
We can decorate pumpkins. This is Hannah Montana!
We can dress up as an elephant.
We can dress up as a lion.
Even our dogs can dress up!
The whole family can dress up. We are at the zoo!
Let's go trick-or-treating!
YUMMY!

Do You Like This too?
Do you like this too?
Bees like flowers.
Do you like flowers?
Ducks like swimming.
Do you like swimming?
Birds like to sing.
Do you like to sing?
Some birds like to fish.
Do you like to fish?
What do you like to do best of all?

How to Prepare Breakfast Casserole
These are the ingredients for preparing Breakfast Casserole.
These are the utensils for preparing Breakfast Casserole.
Always wash your hands before cooking.
Wash the green pepper with water and no soap.
Cut the green pepper in half to make it easier to chop up.
Chop up 1 green pepper.
Chop up 1 onion.
Jelani is measuring 1 teaspoon of salt.
Jelani is measuring 1 teaspoon of dry mustard.
Alicia uses the knife handle to crack the egg. She cracked 6 eggs.
Measure 1 cup of milk.
Measure another cup of milk. That makes 2 cups to put in.
Pour the 2 cups of milk into the egg mixture.
This is the salt and dry mustard. Add this to the eggs and milk.
Whisk the eggs, salt, musturd & milk together.
Crumble 1 pound of sausage into a big frying pan.
Add the pepper to the sausage.
Add the onion to the sausage.
Look for the burner that matches the size of the pan.
Find the medium setting on the stove.
Turn the knob to medium.
Stir the sausage, pepper and onion all together with the spatula, and brown the sausage.
Drain the grease from the sausage.
The holes in the colander let the grease out. You can then put the grease into the milk carton to throw away.
Butter the bread. You need 12-14 slices.
Cut the buttered bread into 4 squares.
Put the bread squares into the bottom of the pan.
This is how it will look.We used 6 slices of bread.
Spread the sausage mixture over the bread layer.
This is how it will look.
Butter and cut 8 more slices of bread.
Add another layer of bread.
pour the egg mixture over the sausage.
Top it off with grated cheese. we used 2 cups. add more if you want.
Danah says to put on more,
and more.
Cover the casserole with foil or wrap.
Put the casserole in the refrigerator to sit overnight.
The next day, take the casserole out of the refrigerator.
Set the oven to "bake".
Set the heat to 350 degrees.
Take the foil off and put the casserole into the oven.
Set the timer to 30 minutes.
When the timer goes off, take out the casserole. This is how it will look.
It will be easier to cut into squares if it cools some. Yummy!

Studying
Studying is important in order to get a good grade.
First, prepare yourself by moving to a good work environment.
Make sure you have all the materials you need.
Open the book and take appropriate notes.
Take breaks so you don't overwork yourself.
Gather all of your ideas together and review.
It is important to get a good night's sleep.

A Teacher's Snow Day
A "Snow Day" is:
ignoring the alarm clock,
hot chocolate with marshmallows in your favorite mug,
wearing your fuzzy slippers all day-without having a "Theme" day that allows it,
making a snowman with your family,
having an actual duty-free lunch,
Settling in with a great book...
instead of your grade book.
Priceless!

I Like Purple
Purple sky.
Purple flowers.
Purple onions.
Purple bubbles.
Purple beet.
Purple door.
Purple balloons.
Purple bike.
Purple Car.
I like purple.

Wool Keeps Us Warm
Sheep make wool.
Wool makes yarn.
Yarn makes scarves.
Scarves keep us warm!
Her scarf keeps her warm.

The Farmer
The Farmer
The farmer lives on a farm.
The farmer plants the fields.
The farmer grows vegetables like corn, wheat, tomatoes and carrots.
The farmer grows fruits like apples, oranges and bananas.
The farmer raises animals like cows to give us milk,
chickens to give us eggs,
and sheep to give us wool to make clothes.
The farmer is an important part of our community.

I Love My Family
Valentines Day is about love.
I love my family.
I love my mom.
I love my dad.
I love Emily. She is my sister.
I love Ryan. He is my brother.

Vancouver Olympics Gallery
Tonight is the opening ceremony of the 2010 winter olympics!
This is the hill for the skiiers.
This is the luge. Try it! If it goes bad, go to the hospital.
The bobsled is really cool. It goes fast.
My brother Max likes Shaun White the snowboarder.
Even the dogs like the Olympics. Have fun watching!

Love story
Valentines day is love.
valentine's Day is red roses.
Valetine's Day is candy.
Love is sweet!
Love is for all.

Valentine's Day Story
Valentine's Day is love.
Valentine's Day is sweet.
It comes in many colors.
Even the animals love it.
Love is exotic.
Sometimes it hides.
Love is for everybody, even odd ducks.
Love is for saints.
Love is for sinners.
Love makes the world go 'round.

Valentine's Day Story
Valentine's Day is love.
Valentine's Day is red roses.
Valentine's Day is angels.
Valentine's Day is candy.
Valentine's Day is chocolate.

My Valentine
Valentine's Day is love.
Valentine's Day is red roses.
Valentine's Day is for romance.
Valentine's Day is beautiful.
Valentine's Day is forever.

Guinea Pigs
Guinea pigs need a balanced diet, exercise and attention.
Guinea pigs live in a cage.
If i had this pet, I would need to buy food, a cage, a water bottle, wood shavings, and wood for gnawin.
Guinea pigs eat feed pellets, fresh fruits, and veggies.
One bad thing about guinea pigs is keeping their cage clean and changing the wood shavings.
I like guinea pigs because they are cute and fluffy.

Art
Art.
Patterns.
Painting.
Collage.
Mosaic.
Coloring.
Stamping.
Drawing.
Pottery.

Food We Like
Mr. Grim likes egg rolls.
Jonathan likes cream and strawberries.
Gabby likes tomatoes.
Shelby likes pizza.
Kennady likes red cake.
Whitehead loves gluten free brownies!
Holloway likes steak.
Cato likes soup.

Sweet Stuff
I like to eat cherries.
I like frosting on cupcakes.
I like Alphabet soup.
Doughnuts are yummy!
I like to bake cookies.
Cherries are sweet to eat.
Choclate raspberry cupcakes are Miss Lea's favorite.
Pudding is delicious.

I Know All About Dinosaurs
I know that Paleontologists look for fossils.
I know that Iguanodons had five-fingered hands.
I know that Iguanodons ate plants.
I know that Tyrannosaurus Rex ate meat.
I know that Tyrannosaurus Rex walked on two legs.
I know that Allosaurus had two tiny horns on it's head.
I know that Triceratops had three horns.
I know that Triceratops walked on four legs.
I know that dinosaurs lived a long time ago.

The Princess Lifestyle
This is a palace. This is where princesses live.
These are 4 beautiful princesses that live in the palace.
Princesses always have fun.
Shrek and Fiona are an example of a prince and princess.
People can go to Disney World to see a lot of princesses.
This is cinderella. She lives in a big, wonderful palace.
The End!

A Dog
A dog plays in snow.
A dog walks outside.
A dog is inside.
A boy pulls a boy out of a dog house.
A dog wants a push.
A girl has a ball.
A dog plays ball.
A ball is over a dog.
A ball is under a dog.
A dog sits and sees apples.
Dogs like school.
I like dogs.

How a Sunflower Grows
These are sunflowers.
I plant a seed.
The seed begins to grow.
The sunflower blooms.

Living and Non-Living Things
We see living and non-living things every day.
Living things eat and breathe.
A boy is a living thing.
A cat is a living thing.
A tree is a living thing.
Non-Living things do not eat or breathe.
Books are non-living things.
A fork is a non-living thing.
A plate is a non-living thing.

Soil
I see soil everyday.
This is sand.
I see it at the beach.
This is potting soil.
I see it in a potted plant.
This is clay.
I see it in my backyard.

My Pets
We have pets.
I have a pet dog.
I have a pet hamster.
I have a pet cat.
I have a pet horse.
I have a pet hermit crab.
Our pets are silly.
We love our pets.

Sam's Trucks
This is a truck yard.
It's bumble bee!
These cars are awesome.
This car is bogged.
This truck is a tank truck.
This bus looks very old.

The Hats
A tiger was wearing a hat.
He is wearing a pirate hat.
In the olden days there was a little boy wearing a hat.
Santa was wearing a hat.
Lots of people, lots of hats.

Wool
Wool
Wool comes from sheep.
Wool is spun into yarn.
Yarn is dyed different colors.
Yarn can be knit into many things:
a hat,
a scarf,
a sweater
mittens,
or socks.

Seasons
There are four seasons in a year.
The first season is winter.
It gets very cold!
The next season is spring.
After the rain pretty flowers bloom!
The next season is summer.
It's a perfect time for the beach!
The last season is fall.
All of the leaves fall to the ground!
Then the seasons start all over again.

Mosaics Are Everywhere
Mosaics are everywhere.
Mosaic walls.
Mosaic windows.
Mosaic streets.
Mosaic doors.
Mosaic signs.
Mosaic bathroom.
Mosaic books.
Mosaic toys.
Mosaics are everywhere!

mosaics
Mosaics
Triangles
Squares
Circles
Red
Yellow
Blue
Triangles, squares, circles, red, yellow, blue!
Mosaics

Family Can Be
Family can be new...
Family can be generations old...
Family can be animals...
Family can be pets...
Family can be friends...
Family can look similar...
Family can look different...
Family can be big...
Family can be small...
Family can be made up of boys...
Family can be made up of girls...
Family can be serious...
Family can be goofy...
Family can take care of each other...
What makes up your family?

Counting to 10
It's time for counting.
Let's count to 10!
1 ball.
One.
1,2 birds.
Two.
1,2,3 flowers.
Three.
1,2,3,4 trees.
Four.
1,2,3,4,5 planes.
Five.
1,2,3,4,5,6 pencils.
Six.
1,2,3,4,5,6,7 chocolates.
Seven.
1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 dancers.
Eight.
1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 shoes.
Nine.
1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 candles.
Ten.
Great counting!

Signs in our Community
I see a caution sign.
I see a stop sign.
I see a girls' bathroom.
I see a boys' bathroom.
I see a walk sign.
I see a railroad crossing sign.
I see a danger sign.
I see an exit sign.

Snowy Day in Texas
It is winter in Texas.
Today it snowed at my school. That doesn't happen very often in Texas.
Our teachers let us have a special recess. We had to put on jackets, hats, and mittens to keep warm.
Then we went outside to play in the snow.
I threw snowballs.
I built a snowman.
We made his arms out of sticks.
I caught snowflakes on my tongue. They were cold!
I spun in circles in the snow with my teacher.
The snowflakes felt soft as they fell on my face, like cold feathers.
The snow crunched under my feet.
It sounded quiet outside in the snow.
My teacher said that snow muffles the sound.  That means it makes sound quieter.
When we came inside, we had to stomp the snow off our feet.
We had to hang our jackets up to dry.
It was fun playing in the snow.  It made me giggle!
It was a fun snowy day in Plano!
The End

Ancient Egypt
Egypt is in Africa.
Ancient Egyptians built pyramids.
These are tombs that were found in ancient Egyptian pyramids.
The Nile river runs through Egypt.
Ancient Egyptians wrote in Hieroglyphics.
The End!

Playground and Blacktop Expectations
I am respectful by taking turns on the playground.
I am respectful by maintaining boundaries.
I am caring by using appropriate language on the playground and blacktop.
I am caring by being a good sport.
I am caring by asking for help when I need it on the playground.
I am caring by sharing.
I am caring by letting others join in on the playground.
I am responsible by playing games taught by staff.
I am responsible by using line basics on the playground.
I am responsible by using the equipment appropriately.
I am responsible by returning equipment to its area when I'm finished.
I am a good citizen by leaving nature in its place.
I am a good citizen by reporting any problems with the playground or blacktop to an adult.
I am a good citizen by keeping the playground clean.

Bathroom Expectations
I am respectful by keeping my voice off in the bathroom.
I respect other's privacy in the bathroom.
I am respectful by keeping water in the sink.
I am caring by waiting patiently for my turn in the bathroom.
I am responsible by flushing, washing and leaving.
I am responsible by going alone or with 1 friend at a time into the bathroom.
I am a good citizen by reporting any problems with the bathroom to an adult.
I am a good citizen by leaving the bathroom cleaner than I found it.

Classroom Expectations
I am respectful by being a good listener.
I am respectful by raising my hand and waiting patiently.
I am caring by giving positive comments.
I am caring by taking turns.
I am caring by keeping comments appropriate, on task and related to learning.
I am responsible by following adult directions the first time.
I am responsible by keeping my hands, feet and objects to myself.
I am responsible by taking care of materials.
I am responsible by owning my actions.
I am responsible by participating.
I am a good citizen by keeping my classroom clean.
I am a good citizen by using appropriate language.
I am a good citizen by allowing others to learn.

Boats
I like boats!
Boats go in the water.
I am in the boat. You are in the boat. We are in the boat.
Our boat went under the water! Oh No!

Animal's Habitats and Behaviors
Cacti and scorpions live in the desert.
Alligators live in a swamp or marshland.
Lions and tigers enjoy the grassland environment.
Rain forests are being destroyed at alarming rates.
The tundra environment can be found in Canada and Russia.
Ducks and many other birds migrate south in the winter.
Bears appear to sleep in the winter, this is called hibernation.
Tigers practice mimicry when they make themselves look more dangerous.
When an animal is born knowing how to do something, it is called instinct.
A dog that comes to you when you whistle for it demonstrates learned behavior.

Teamwork
Make yourself believe!
WORK HARD!
Win for the team!
Play the game fair.
Be proud of yourself!
Help the team by working hard.
Football is awesome!
Football is the team!

Detroit Redwings
The Detroit Redwings are a hockey team.
They can score a goal.
Detroit Redwings are awesome!
They use their sticks to forecheck.
Hockey is a team sport.
I like it when the Redwings win a game!

Valentine's Day by Jessica
Love
I love butterflies.
I like hearts.
I like candy.
I like to read.

Egypt
Ancient Egyptians built many pyramids as monuments to those who died.
The Great Sphinx serves as the temple guardian for these pyramids.
Many more sphinxes exist to protect temples of loved ones.
Heiroglyphs are artistic symbols often used to tell a story.
Egyptian art has influenced a lot of art that came after it.
Egypt is a beautiful place that holds a lot of this world's important history.

Football is Awesome!
When you play football you stay with your team.
Try your best!
Try to get a touchdown!
Try your best to pass to the people on your team.
I think football is awesome!

Valentine Presents
Mrs. Moore is giving her valentine M and M's.
A.J. is giving his valentine chocolate hearts.
Andrew is giving his valentine heart shaped pancakes.
Dominique is giving his valentine shoes.
Rayshawn is giving his valentine a card.
Mrs. Bright is giving her valentine conversation hearts.

Huntin' Season!
This deer is awesome!
This deer is cool!
This deer is looking at a person.
This deer is hiding behind the bush.
This deer is standing still.
This deer is sitting down for the kid to take a picture.
This deer is walking.
I think deer are for hunting!

Snow
Snow.
It is snowing.
It snows in the winter.
You can play in the snow.
You can ride a sled.
You can build a snowman.
Some animals like snow.
You can get snowed in.

Pale Teachers
Teachers at Valencian Community wanted to learn English.
However, they were quite tired after a hard day's work.
Therefore, they really needed to practice their English in a different way.
Hooray! They found tarheelreader to write amazing stories and put voice to them!

Track and Field
Track and field is a fun sport.
Track and field was started by the Romans in the year 776 B.C.
Track and field is a famous sport in the United States.
Men, women, and children can play this sport.
To play this sport, players need running shoes, shorts, and a shirt.
Track and field is a team and individual sport.
Players score points by finishing in the top 3 of a race.
One important rule to remember is to stay in your lane when you are running.
A famous person who plays this sport is Usain Bolt from Jamaica.
I would like to learn how to play this sport one day.

Solar System Fun!
The solar system is made up of all the planets that orbit the sun.
The sun is a medium sized star. All the planets revolve around it.
Mercury is the planet closest to the sun.
Venus is in between Mars and the Earth.  Its size is almost the same as the Earth.
The earth is where we live! Its temperature and weather keep us alive.
Mars has the highest mountains.
Jupiter has no solid surface.
Saturn has several hundred rings around it.
Uranus is unlike other planets because it spins on its side.
Neptune is the farthest planet away from the sun.
Now you know a little something about each planet in the solar system!

Cute Babies
Babies are very cute.
Babies' feet are very, very cute.
Babies can laugh too, did you know?
Why are babies so cute?
When babies are born they are very small.
Babies can be cool!
Look I am dancing mommy!
You are so funny, daddy!
Thank you mommy!
Nap time daddy, I love you!

Basketball
My favorite sport is basketball.
I like the orange and black ball.
I like the the basketball hoop.
You have to dribble the ball.
You have to run across the court.
You have to shoot the ball in the hoop.
Sometimes there is a slam dunk. It is very exciting.
My favorite team is the Boston Celtics.
My favorite player is Kevin Garnett.
I think the cheerleaders are cute.
They won the NBA championship in 2008!

Energy
The sun can give us energy.
Wind can give us energy.
Coal can give us energy.
Gasoline can give us energy.
Electricity can give us energy.
We need energy in our homes.
We need energy in our schools.
We need energy in our stores.
All people need energy.

Four Seasons
Four Seasons
There are four seasons.
There is Fall.
There is Winter.
There is Spring.
There is Summer.

The Dog Is...
The dog is running.
The dog is drinking.
The dog is eating.
The dog is sleeping.
The dog is playing.
The dog is walking.
The dog is licking.
The dog is sitting.
The dog is laying.
The dogs can do so many things!

Four Wheelers
The four wheeler is in the air.
The four wheeler is on a track.
The four wheeler is in the mountains.
The four wheeler is on the dirt path.
The four wheeler is parked at a store.
The four wheeler is on a bridge.
The four wheeler is in the snow.
The four wheeler is in the woods.
The four wheeler left tracks behind.
The four wheelers are all muddy.
The four wheeler is stuck!

John Deere
In field
big tractor
in sunflowers
in the snow
very big tractor
in field
boy

Trains
3 trains.
1 train.
Blue train.
Yellow train.
Winding train.
Many trains.
Toy train.
Wet train.
Big train.
Long train.

On Valentine's Day
On Valentine's Day...
I taste sweet candy hearts.
I see Valentine's cards.
I taste delicious cookies.
I feel fuzzy soft bears.
I taste smooth chocolate.
I smell fragrant roses.
I see sparkly jewelry.
I taste yummy cupcakes.
I see hearts.
I see cupids everywhere!
I get hugs and...
I feel loved.

Waves in Action
Waves in the ocean never stop moving.
On a calm day with no wind there are very small waves.
Rain falling on the pond makes waves in a circle.
This is how a raindrop looks when it falls.
The circles of waves moves out all around the raindrop.
The waves move on and on and get bigger and bigger.
This is how big waves are made.
An electric toothbrush vibrates the water all over the sink.
A dragonfly landing on the water makes waves.
Sound waves are invisible, but you can hear them come out of a speaker.
The vibrating guitar string makes the sound of music.
Music can be made into digital electronics that we can hear.
Vibrating waves on your head feel good!
But when the ground vibrates from an earthquake, all the houses can fall down.
The highway bridges fall down.
The ground moves just like the waves in water.
Even big strong buildings can fall down in an earthquake.
Scientists measure earthquake waves with a seismograph machine.

Electricity is Everywhere
Electricity brightens our house!
Electricity cooks our food!
Electricity is entertaining!
Electricity helps us communicate!
Electricity lights up a city!
Electricity is at the beach!
Electricity is in nature!
Electricity is everywhere!

Valentine Cookies
We made Valentine cookies.
First we turned on the oven to 350 degrees.
We cut the cookie dough and put in craft sticks.
We baked them in the oven.
Then we frosted the cookies and put on hearts.
Then we ate our cookies!

I Love Horses
Riding a paint horse is fun.
I go and see him at the Country. He is calm and gentle.
This lady is riding to get married in a western movie.
The horse likes to run.
When I was 6 I learned how to ride.
Some Horses are different Colors.
Good night! I am tired.

Let's learn math!
Let's learn some addition and subtraction!
We start with 2 oranges. If we SUBTRACT 1...
we have 1 left! 2-1=1
Now, if we have 1 apple and ADD 2 apples...
we have 3 apples! 1+2=3
If I have 4 dogs...
and 1 goes on vacation...
I have 3 dogs left! 4-1=3
If 5 kittens are together...
and 2 more kittens come to play...
there are 7 kittens together! 5+2=7
Now we've learned our addition and subtraction!

A Day for Soccer
We were watching television and got the great idea to get outside and play some soccer!
I was having so much fun running around and playing my favorite sport.
It started to rain at half time and we could no longer play.
Back to watching tv...

Tennis
Tennis is a fun sport.
Tennis was started by the Europeans several thousand years ago.
Tennis is a sport famous in the country of France.
Tennis can be played by men, women, and children.
To play tennis you  need a tennis ball, and a tennis raquet.
Tennis can be played as an individual or team sport.
Players score points by hitting a tennis ball over a net and out of an opponent’s reach.
One important rule to remember is not to let the ball hit the net.
One famous person who plays this sport is Serena Williams.
I would like to learn how to play this sport one day.

Golf
Golf is a fun, but challenging sport.
Golf was started by the Romans in the year 1400.
Golf is a sport famous in the country of Scotland.
Men, women, and children can play this sport.
To play golf, players need a golf club and a golf ball.
Golf can be played as a individual or team sport.
Players score points every time they take a stroke at the ball.
One important rule in golf is your final stance. Keep your feet parallel to the target line.
Someone famous who plays golf is Tiger Woods.
I would like to learn how to play this sport one day.

I Like Cheetahs
Cheetahs are my favorite animal.
First, cheetahs are my favorite because they are cute.
Also, they are the fastest land animal.
Next, they learn how to hunt from their mothers.
So they are cute, fast, and their mothers teach them to hunt.  I like cheetahs.

Horseback Riding
Horseback riding is a fun sport.
Horseback riding was started by the Egyptians in 1600 B. C.
Horseback riding is a sport famous in the country of United States.
Men, women, and children can horseback ride.
When horseback riding you will need a shirt, shorts, and shoes.
This is an individual or group sport.
Adults and children compete in riding horses to score points.
One important rule to remember is always pay attention to where you are going.
Roy Rogers in someone famous for horseback riding.
I would like to learn more about horseback riding in the future.

Boxing
My boxing Book
Boxing was invented in 1500 bc.
People have been boxing for a long time.
Boxing is a dangerous sport.
You need to be in good shape to Box.
People box all over the world.
Boxing is an individual sport.
A referee makes sure the fight is fair.
Judges keep track of the points by counting the number of hits.
To box you need gloves....
Special shoes and shorts...
and a punching bag for practice.
An important rule to remember is to never punch someone on the ground.
One famous boxer is Muhammad Ali.
Boxing can be a fun sport. Just don't get knocked out!

Basketball
Basketball is fun.
You win the game by putting the ball through the hoop.
This is called a slam dunk.
This is a Basketball.
If you make a basket you put points on the board.
He is ready for this free throw.
They are jumping for the ball.
This is a NBA game.
Basketball is a great sport.
During half time the cheerleaders perform.
Their performance includes dancing.
This is Kobe Bryant. He is a famous Basketball player.
You should give basketball a try.

Basketball
I play basketball.
I shoot the basketball.
Basketball is fun.

I Love Valentines Day
Valentine's Day is the holiday of love.
Cookies are Valentine's Day.
Pink is Valentine's Day.
Love is Valentine's Day.
Candy is Valentine's Day.
Hearts are Valentine's Day.
Cupcakes are Valentine's day.
Tulips are Valentine's Day.
Broken hearts aren't for Valentine's Day.

Dinosaurs Run Amok at Fairview!
There are dinosaurs everywhere!  Let's find them!
The dinosaur is next to the wizard.
The dinosaur is behind the boy.
The dinosaur is on top of the glass.
The dinosaur is in the cart.
The dinosaur is in front of the building.
The dinosaur is behind Mr. Black.
The dinosaur is on top of the tree.
You did it!  You found all the dinosaurs!  Great Job!

Soccer
This is a soccer ball.
When I started playing soccer, I was very young.
Soccer is fun to play and watch because men...
and women can play.
It is fun to play on a team to make new friends.
This is the field that soccer is played on.
Soccer is popular all over the world.
In some countries, it is called futbol.
So there are many fans that love this game.

Jack & the Beanstalk
Long long ago,
Jack & the beanstalk had a dream;
to have lunch with Rachel's class.
The big bad wolf tries to
scare
Jack & the beanstalk.
He wants to eat their lunch,
with his friends.
Jack told the wolf it's
not O. K to scare people.
And Jack & the beanstalk
became best FRIENDS.

I Love Webkinz!
These are webkinz.
This is a kinz-cash dollar.
This is me. I like webkinz.
There are over 100000
kinds of webkinz.

Nancy Drew Books
There are 64 Nancy Drew's in the series.
The first one in the series is called ''The Secret in the Old Clock''
Lots of people like them.
This is one of my favorites.
Sometimes there are black and white pictures.
Other times they are colored.
These are books 20-31.
Even cows like to read them.
This is a knitted Nancy Drew book cover.
You can find them in the library.
These are the Hardy Boys series. They are a lot like Nancy Drews,but for boys.
This is Nancy Drew the cat. She is fat.

I luv dogs!
There are many different kinds of dogs.
They do many different things.
UH OH. I got caught.
Some dogs hide.
Some dogs sleep.
Some run.
Some give presents.
Some are tiny.
Others are really big.
Hey, I wish I could get closer to that cute dog!
Like my hat?
What is this? Is it a toy? It smells good.
They are kissing!
Ain't my coat snazy?
Look! I'm walking on water.
I know. I'm so cute.

50 miles
My goal in life is to run 50 miles.
These people are running in bikinis.
We run at night.

Fractions
Fractions
1/3 is grey.
1/4 is green.
1/2 is yellow.
1/16 is red.
1/2 is spiderman.
2/4 is batman.
1/4 is spiderman.

Letter F
F is for feathers.
F is for frog.
F is for fingers.
F is for flower.
F is for flamingo.
F is for fingers.
F is for french fries.
F is for flower.
F is for family.
F is for fruit tree.
F is for fairy.

Time
Here is the clock.
Breakfast is at 7:30 am.
School starts at 8:00 am.
Recess starts at 9:30 am.
Lunch begins at 11:30 am.
Time to go home at 3:00 pm.
Dinner is at 6:00 pm.

Animals
frog
lemur
cat
lion
eagle
monkey mom and baby
tiger
grasshopper
cool dogs
cleaning monkeys
fish
butterfly
frog
dogs
lizard
fish
catepillar
ape
horses
duck
shark
frog
turtle
pigs
piglet

Letter F
F is for flower.
F is for feather.
F is for fingers.
F is for fruit tree.
F is for flower.
F is for fairy.
F is for flamingo.
F is for fingers.
F is for family.
F is for french fires.

Letter F
F is for family.
F is for flower.
F is for french fries.
F is for fingers.
F is for flower.
F is for fingers.
F is for feathers.
F is for frog.
F is for fruit tree.
F is for flamingo.

Steven Loves Dirt Bikes
When a rider goes over a jump, he flies up in mid-air and then has to land safely.
This green dirt bike is in mid-air.
Dirt bikers can do a lot of tricks in a show.
The paint job on this dirt bike is red, white, and blue, like the American flag.
Dirt bikers like to ride in the open land and under the open sky.
Dirt bike #9 might just win the race!
These dirt bikes are in the truck so they can be used at the beach to ride on.
Sometimes dirt bikes skid in the dirt.
This biker is doing tricks in mid-air. This takes a lot of practice.
When they wave the black and white flag, it means the first bike has won the race.
There are outdoor dirtbike tracks to ride on.
All these dirt bikes are racing!
This biker just flew down a steep hill.
This guy is racing toward the finish line!
These bikers are racing down a steep hill.
I love watching dirt bikes fly through the air!

Animal Noses
This story is about noses.
The elephant's nose makes sounds.
The rhinoceros's nose protects him.
The bear smells the fish.
The lion uses his nose to purr.
The grass tickles the zebra's nose.

"S" blend sound book
star
spill
steps
skateboard
spots
straws
spin
scooter
snow
swim
snail
sled
spoon
spider

Dinosaurs Could...
Dinosaurs could...
Dinosaurs could stomp.
Iguanodon could eat plants.
Stegosaurus could run.
T-Rex could eat meat.
Pterodactyl could fly.
Apatasaurus could stomp and chase.

Tyra's Northern Lights.
Northern lights are everywhere.
They can be at night.
And they can be in the morning.
They are all different colors.
They can also be mixed up together.
And sometimes you can not even see them.
They can even look like a ball of red fire from space.
You can even see them in the day.
And that is my story on the northern lights!

Football
Football is a rough sport.
Football was started by Walter Camp in the 1800's.
Men, women, and children can play football.
To play this sport players need a helmet, uniform, and cleats.
Football is a team sport.
Football players score points by running the ball down the field to score a touchdown.
An important rule to remember is always stay on your team's side of the field.
Peyton Manning is someone famous who plays football.
Someday we would like to learn more about football.

Dam to Dam
20K
The familiar early morning fog continued with Emma and I on our way to the Dam.
My stomach dropped as we approached the final mile stretch to the start line.  The journey was only beginning.
As a runner, the two factors that determine the level of success in a race are simply your mental and physical state.
My commitment on this cool spring morning was to stay positive and confident throughout all 12.6 miles of the race.
Like sheep going to the slaughter, all 7,000 runners, including myself, approached the start line.
The gun fired. BANG!
The next ninety minutes was a struggle to say the least,  however I am blessed to have only fond memories.
The feeling of accomplishment and mere exhaustion was almost too much to handle as we crossed the finish line.
So I thought to myself, why  not run an ultrathon?
But before I commit to a grueling 50 to 100 mile race, I must successfully finish a marathon.

Bowling
My Bowling Book
Bowling is Popular in the U.S.
Bowling can be traced back to ancient Egypt.
Now it can be played on video games.
Anyone can bowl.
Bowling is a popular team sport...
but can also be an individual sport.
Walter Ray Williams Jr. is a famous bowler.
In bowling it is important to aim for the pins!
Bowling is fun...
if your not a pin!

verbing
The girls are _____________.
The girl is __________
The boy is ______
The girl is _______
The girl is ________
The animal is _______
The girl is __________
Someone is _______
The girl is ________
The birds are ______
The guys are ________
The girls are ________

Ankle Bender
In the hot summer sun, trampolines are always fun.
Faisal and I were enjoying this particular day.
We were bored of video games, so went outside.
We started kicking a soccer ball in his back yard.
That got boring very quickly, so we began to toss around a beat up frisbee.
We saw a trampoline and decided to start jumping on it.
We tried front flips and back flips and dive bombs and were getting pretty good at them.
It was time to get off and Faisal said "Hey, why don't you just do one more?" And I did...
SMACK!!! I drilled my ankle on the side and later found out I broke it.
I don't think I'll ever go on a trampoline again, but maybe someday I'll try skydiving...

Dinosaurs
Dinosaurs
Dinosaurs lived a long, long time ago.
Some dinosaurs lived in the water.
Some dinosaurs lived on land.
Styracosaurous lived on land.
Styracosaurous had a spike frill protruding from his skull.
Styracosaurus was 18 feet long.
Styracosaurous ate plants.
THE END

I Like Yoga
Yoga is relaxing.
Yoga is calming.
I like Yoga.

Indianapolis
The zoo is a fun place to visit.
This is Lucas Oil Stadium.
This is the inside of the stadium.
These are the Indianapolis Colts.
Jeff Gordan drives number 24. NASCAR is a stock car race in Indianapolis.
Dad's friend Jim lives in a brick house. I have been there in the summer.
The winter is very cold.

White lions at the Zoo
Go to Philadelphia zoo to see the white lions.
The rare white lions are resting in a cave.
Vinkel was mother to Tandi the first white lion cub born in the U.S.
He is the first white lion born in a zoo.

All About Girls
I like girls.
I am a boy.  Girls are different from me.
Girls have soft hair.
Girls smile a lot.
Girls are fun.
There are some rules about girls:
1.  I do not touch girls!  Girls do not like that.
2.  I do not pull hair.  I like how hair feels, but pulling it HURTS!  Girls do not like that.
3.  I do not chase girls.  Girls do not like to be chased.
I can shake hands with a girl.  They will let me do that.
I can say "hi" to girls.  They will say "hi" back to me.
I can push girls on the tire swing.  Then, they can push me!
I can go sledding on the playground with girls.  They will like playing with me.
If I follow the rules, girls will be my friends.
THE END

Kims Softball game
Its the start of the game. Kim is pumped.
The pitcher gets ready to throw.
The outfielders wait for the ball.
Its caught by outfielder kim.
But the ball is dropped.
The player gets out at home plate.
The game ends as the sun sets.
Game over. Kim's team wins.

I Like...
I like art.
I like lunch.
I like cooking.
I like friends.
I like balls.
I like cats.
I like barns.

In the Winter ...
It's cold in the winter, "Brrr!"
We wear warm coats in the winter.
We wear hats in the winter.
Mitts keep our hands warm in the winter.
We wear boots in the winter.
It snows in the winter.
Snowflakes fall to the ground in the winter.
Snowflakes are cool!
We can build a snowman in the winter.
Winter is fun!

The Olympics Are Coming
The 2010 Winter Olympics are coming soon!
They will be in Vancouver, Canada.
Vancouver is busy getting ready for a BIG SHOW!
Vancouver is a very beautiful place.
It has mountains,
and water.
The Olympic Rings will shine over the water.
People come from all over the world to compete for medals!
The Olympic torch travels from across the world...
...and at last is lit at the Olympic Games
In the mountains there will be skiing...
and snow boarding!
In the city, speed skaters will skate around FAST!
The figure skaters are beautiful to watch.
At the end of the games, they will say good bye to Vancouver.
And people from all over the world will make friends from other countries.

Jacques Cartier
He was born in 1491.
Cartier is an explorer from long ago.
He dresses with class and carries a sword.
Cartier came to the New World, now Canada, in 1534.

Shakespeare
William Shakespeare wrote great plays.
He lived in England a long time ago.
His plays were performed at the Globe Theatre.
The actors wore costumes.
The actors performed on a stage.
"Double, double, toil and trouble..."  was from Shakespeare's "Macbeth."
"Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?" was from Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet."
"To be or not to be" was from Shakespeare's "Hamlet."
The actors took a bow.

San Diego Chargers
San Diego Chargers are number 1.
My name is Dante. The Chargers are my favorite football team.
L.T. is my favorite player.
Lights Out Merriman is a great tackle!
Chargers field of glory!
Go Bolts!

Pairs of Colors
Pairs of Colors
The Arizona Cardinals are red and white.
The Detroit Lions are silver and blue.
The Miami Dolphins are orange and blue.
The Green Bay Packers are green and gold.
The Dallas Cowboys are silver and blue.
The Minnesota Vikings are purple and gold.
The Minnesota Wild are green and red.
The Michigan Tech Huskies are black and gold.
The Tennessee Titans are blue and red.
The Bridge View Eagles are blue and gold.
These are our pears of colors.

Parts On The Bus
There are many parts that make the bus run.
The engine powers the bus in motion.
Front lights let the bus driver see at night.
Rear lights on the bus show when it is slowing down or turning.
Wheels on the bus make it roll.
The steering wheel makes the bus turn.
Mirrors on the bus show what is behind us.
Through the door we get on the bus.
Windows on the bus let us see outside.
Seats on the bus give us a place to sit.
The back door is used in case of emergency.
The bus driver operates the bus.
Students make the bus fun to ride.

Video games
In video games, the Play Station is the best.
It is the brother of PSX is the PS2.
It is better than SEGA and PSX.
This is the Play Station 3. It is better than PS1,PS2 and SEGA.
The Game Cube is the oldest video game in the world of video games.
The X Box is very very funny! It is the first   video game in the world of PC.
This is the brother of the first X Box. This is funnier: X Box 360 Elite.

The Toucans
Come and see the big and beautiful world of toucans!
This toucan is calling a friend to play with him.
These toucans are in a beautiful waterfall resting for the rest of the day.
These toucans are in a cage waiting for someone to come and get them.
This colorful toucan went to a branch to rest.
This toucan is looking at the jungle around him.

Football players
This is Messi and he plays at F.C. Barcelona.
His position is the forward and he is the best player in the world!
This is Ibrahimovich and he plays at the F.C. Barcelona.    He is a  left forward and he's very good playing football.
This is Christiano  Ronaldo. He is the forward of the Real  Madrid and he is the second good player in the world!
This is David Villa. He plays in Valencia. He is the best goalscorer of the BBVA league. He plays as a forward.
This is Ronaldinho. He plays at the F.C.Barcelona and his position is forward.
This is Pique. He plays as a left defender at the F.C. Barcelona.

My Fishing Book
Fishing is exciting!
Fishing was invented 40000 years ago as a means to provide food.
Now it is a competitive sport!
There are many types of fish.
Some fish are big.
Some fish are small.
Anyone can fish.
To fish you'll need a rod, reel, and tackle.
Bill Dance is a Professional Fisherman. He reminds us that...
we need to be careful around sharp hooks and...
that we should always keep our waterways clear to protect our wildlife.

Letter E
E is for enter.
E is for eraser.
E is for elephant.
E is for easel.
E is for eagle.
E is for egg.
E is for eat.
E is for eel.
E is for exercise.
E is for eggplant.
E is for electricity.
E is for Earth.

Softball
Softball is a great sport to play.
Softball started in Chicago, Illinois.
In 1887 by George Hancock.
It was first called indoor baseball.
Softball is famous in the United States.
Men can play softball.
Women can play softball.
Kids can play softball.
To play softball you need a ball.
To play softball you need a bat.
To play softball you need a glove.
Softball players wear cleats.
Softball players wear a uniform.
Softball is played on a field.
An important rule is 3 strikes and you are out.
Someone famous who plays softball is Cat Osterman.
You should try softball. It is fun.

Dinosaurs!
Let's see what we know about dinosaurs!
I see a Brontosaurus.
I see an Iguanodon.
I see a Tyrannosaurus Rex.
I see a paleontologist.
I see a Pterodactyl.
I see a Triceratops.
I see an Allosaurus.
We want to see dinosaurs, but all we find are fossils.

KATIE'S CATS
TWO CATS ARE TOGETHER ON THEIR OWN.
TWO CATS ARE PLAYING AND SLEEPING TOGETHER.
THIS CAT IS ON A POLE.
PLAYING TOGETER.
A BABY CAT IS IN SOMEONE'S HAND.
THIS CAT IS RUNNING FAST.
THE CAT SLEEPING.
THE CAT IS IN THE BUSH.
TWO PEOPLE WITH THE EYES OF A CAT.
ONE CAT IS JUMPING.
THE CAT RUNNING AWAY FROM THE HOUSE.
THE KITTEN
IS MAKING A FACE.

Things I do at home.
My Home.
I ride my bike.
I like to swing.
I brush my teeth.

Starfox #1
Starfox fights evil.
Falcon is talking. Then he is flying.
Starfox is COOL!!!
This is Boss. He is evil. This is a volcano like Nintendo 64.
Our Starfox friends are flying. It looks like Moon Raker.
This is a costume like Starfox.

Shopping for the Christmas Party
I walked to Longo's.
I walked with Miss Grisonich.
First, I got some Chips Ahoy.
Second, I got cups.
Next, I got napkins.
We found our way with the chart.
I got some hot chocolate.
Next, I got some marshmallows.
We were ready to pay.
Miss Grisonich helped me.
I put the food on the belt.
I pushed the cart.
I paid the cashier.
We put the cart away.
We got back to the school.

Tornado Facts
Tornadoes are made up of spinning winds that go very fast.
Sometimes, tornadoes are called funnels or twisters.
Most tornadoes are tall and skinny.
The color of a tornado usually matches the color of the ground.
Most tornadoes happen in April, May and June.
Most tornadoes travel 30 to 50 miles per hour.
Tornadoes cause a lot of damage. They can ruin cars and houses.
We are lucky that we do not get lots of tornadoes in New Hampshire.

Dogs We Like
Dogs need lots of care.
Dogs like to play.
Dogs like to stick their heads out of car windows.
Dogs like to play with cats.
Dogs like to ride.
Dogs like to play with other dogs.
Dogs like to sit pretty.
This dog is fluffy.
Dogs like to be cute.
Dogs like to play tug of war.
Dogs like to dress up.
Dogs like to rest.

I Like...
I like Hannah Montana.
I like Bratz.
I like Barbie.
I like Cinderella.
I like Dora.
I like High School Musical.
I like Cheetah Girls.

I Like...
I like Barbie.
I like Diego.
I like Tinker Bell.
I like Hannah Montana.
I like High School Musical.
I like Cinderella.
I like Bratz.
I like Cheetah Girls.

I Like Dogs
Dogs
I like dogs.
I like little dogs.
I like big dogs.
I like to play with dogs.
I like to feed dogs.
I like dogs.

Easter
Easter
I like Easter.
I like Easter eggs.
I like Easter rabbits.
I like Easter baskets.
I like Easter candy.

Water Park
I like water parks.
Slides are fun!
Sedona likes big slides.
Serena likes little slides!
Sedona said, "I did it!"
We love water parks.

I see Barney!
I see Barney!
I see Barney's tail.
I see Barney's toys.
I see Barney's head.
I see Barney's friends.
I love Barney.
Barney loves cake!

"My avatars" by David R R, class 5E.
This is my avatar. He likes football.
My lego avatar is little, thin and cool.
My wild avatar is very scary and ugly.
My anime avatar is great and beautiful.
My Minimesme avatar is super nice and strong!
And this is all for the moment! Bye!

"My Favourites"  by Madai, class 5E
I live in Galicia ,Spain.
My favourite car is the Ford Mustang.
This car is white
My car is the Opel Vectra.
Very,very fast!!
My favorite BMW.
My favorite football player.
A good player.
Barcelona Football Team.
This frog is red.
An Elefant.
A Lion.
Happy Halloween.
A Bike.
A Very big car.

Leisure and Hobbies
I like sewing.
He likes kite-flying.
She likes gardening.
They like fishing.
We like dancing.
I like painting.
He likes playing the piano.
She likes singing.
They like swimming.
We like skipping.
I like knitting.
He likes playing badminton.
She likes catching butterflies.
They like playing with dolls.
We like aerobics.
I like listening to radio programmes.
He likes playing the guitar.
She likes playing marbles.
We like jogging.
They like watching television programmes.
I like writing.
He likes reading.
She likes stamp-collecting.
They like playing chess.
We like biking.
They like sailing.
We like travelling.
What do you like to do during your leisure time?

Christmas Break
I am going to play his music.
I am going to play with  grampa.
I love his is  music.
I wat to play
with a cat.
I like Shrek.
The car is cool.

Swimming is Awesome!
Swimming is Awesome!
You can go under water.
You can dive into the water.
Swimming is good exercise.
There are fish in the water.
There are turtles in the water.
You can see sharks under water.
There are fish that look like Nemo.
Polar bears love swimming, too!

Mega Wrestling
Jeff Hardy was going to Survival Series but Edge replaced his spot.
Randy Orton was the youngest world heavyweight champion.
John Cena
Randy Orton
Undertaker
Triple H is getting John Cena.
Shawn Michaels
This is an autographed picture of John Cena.
Batista was world heavyweight champion in 2007.
Chris Masters on My Wrestling Game calls ME BIGUY.

Christmas Day
Christmas is the best time of the year.
My family comes over.
We eat turkey for dinner.
I love gifts.

I Love Christmas
I love Christmas.
I like to open presents.
I like to eat dinner.
And I like family gatherings.









Families get together.

Magnetic Letters
Look at the magnetic letters.
I like magnetic letters.
Magnetic letters are cool.
I like to make patterns.
I like to line them up.
I like to make words.
I like to make sentences.
I like to see the colours.
Magnetic letters can be sorted.
I like magnetic letters.

Pit Bulls
Pit bulls are not dangerous like people think!
This one is hot from playing.
This is a cute pit bull puppy.
Pit bulls make good guard dogs.
This dog wants to got to the park.
This is a blue pit bull puppy.
This is a red nose pit bull.
This pit bull just had some puppies.
Pit bulls are good dogs and make good pets.

"Many Things" by Cesar, class 5E
He`s got blue long and straight hair. He´s got a blue shirt and blue trousers.
He hasn´t got hair. He´s got a black and grey jacket .He`s got grey trousers.
He´s got short straight and black hair. He´s got a grey and white shirt.He´s got blue jeans.
This car is very beautiful.
This is a pumkin lantern.
This car is black and white.
This is a police car.
Here are lots of cars.
This car is very fast.
This car is big.
This car is big and strong.
This car is strange.
This taxi is very fast.
This taxi is a enzo ferrari.
This is the football player Cristiano Ronaldo.
This is a tiger.
This panda is very stong.
This cat is beautiful and little.
This is LONDON.
This is the angel of MESSI.
This dolphin is beautiful.
These rabbits are very beautiful.
This animal is a shark whale.
This sport is golf.
My favorite sport is swiming.
This sport is football.
Extreme sports.
This sport is surfing.
This sport is judo.
This sport is hockey.
This sport is cycling.
This sport is basketball.
I can´t do gymnastics.
This sport is ski.
This is my wild avatar. It is very strange.
This person is very intelligent.
Oh! a tunning car.
This is an Aston Martin.
This cat`s got green eyes.
This cat is very fat.
This cat is very intelligent.
Oh this cat is very strong!
This tiger is white.
This is my car.
This is my favorite car.
This is my favorite make.
This motto is very beautiful.
It's ugly.
This is my favorite band.
This is my favorite song of AC CD.
This is Galicia. Our country.
This car has got nitro.
This car is orange.
This is my favorite color.
This is Spain.
This is Messi.
Messi is my favorite football player.
This car is very little.

Wrestling Around the World
Sumo is Japanese wrestling.
In America they wrestle in a ring.
Some guys learn to wrestle in school.
Professional wrestlers have funny names and special costumes.
Sometimes they put on a huge show with wrestling matches.
Wrestlers from all over compete in the Global Championships.

Flowers
Flowers everywhere!
Yellow flowers.
Blue flowers.
I love flowers!

Letter D
D is for dove.
D is for dog.
D is for doughnut.
D is for dancing.
D is for duck.
D is for dinosaur.
D is for dangerous dancing.
D is for dive.
D is for Dora and Diego.
D is for dolphin.
D is for doll.
D is for doughnuts.
D is for decorations.

My fauvorite game, by Amanda, class 6E
Huaaaaaaaa! This is funny.
Play with me!
I can fly! This is good.
Haaaaaaa! Help, please!
I help you?
This car, it's very fast!

Brody ig words
Dig
Jig
Pig
Wig
Swig
Rig
Big
Fig

Winter Holiday Images from Around the World
Where did the holiday images we see come from?
The Christmas tree originated in Germany in the 8th century.
The Romans decorated trees with candles during Saturnalia.
The Christmas tree is a symbol of faith and eternal life.
The image of a star is linked to Babylon, Egypt, Poland, China, and Israel.
For Christians, the star represents the Star of Bethlehem.
The twelve tribes of Israel are represented by 12 stars.
The tradition of seeing decorations of angels at Christmas started in Czechoslovakia.
Angels.
The tradition of hanging up a Christmas stocking began in Greece.
Stockings.
In Holland, children hope that Sinterklaas will put treats in their wooden shoes (called klompen).
Holland.
The inclusion of reindeer in Christmas traditions started in Scandinavia.
Reindeer.
St. Nicolas was a generous saint who gave gifts to children and the poor in Turkey.
Santa Claus
The use of the poinsettia at Christmastime began in Mexico.
Poinsettia.
The menorah for Hanukkah represents the miracle of the oil in Israel.
Menorah.
Candles are seen in many winter holidays around the world.
The white dove is a universal symbol of peace worldwide.
Happy Holidays!

We Are Scared Of
Ronnie is scared of Santa.
Yonis is scared of the dark.
Paulie is afraid of heights.
Shianne is afraid of bugs.
Bekah is scared of having no food.
Elmi is scared of a small room.
Ronnie is scared of clowns.

Water is important!
We need water.
Water is very important.
Water covers most of the earth.
All living things need water.
We use water to drink,
to clean,
to cook,
and to play.
Plants need water.
Animals need water.
We all need water.
We all need water.

Christmas
peppermint
peppermint
poinsettia
angel wings
chocolate kiss

I Have a Dear Little Dolly
I have a dear little dolly.
Her eyes are bright blue.
She can open and shut them.
She smiles at me too.
In the morning I dress her.
We go out to play.
I like to rock her at the end of the day.
This is dedicated to my mom, who sang this song.

Christmas Lights
I really like seeing Christmas lights on houses.
This is an old house with Christmas lights.
This house looks terrible. They have taken it too far!
Merry Christmas to one and all!

Trucks
dump truck
tow truck
construction truck
tow truck
fire truck
trucks

Winter Activities
Winter Activities
She ice-skates in winter.
They toboggan in winter.
He skis in winter.
I bob-sled in winter.
She walks in winter.
We play ice-hockey in winter.
He ice-fishes in winter.
They make a snowman in winter.
It sleeps in winter.
What do you do in winter?

Christmas
Happy Holidays!
I see Christmas lights.
I smell cookies baking.
I can hear bells jingling.
I can touch a snowman. It feels cold. Brr!
Yummy!
I taste the hot cocoa.
Merry Christmas to all!

Daltynn Likes Things
I like to hang out in my bedroom.
I like to do  tricks.
I like to ride my bike.
I love cars.
I love kickball.
I love tv!
I like playgrounds.
I like science.

I Play Sports
I play football at school.
I play soccer at school.
I play hockey at school.
I play basketball at school.
I play bocce at school.
I play sports at school.

Winter Fun
Winter time is so much fun.
You can play in the snow.
You can make a snow man.
You can take a sled ride down a hill.
You can go ice skating.
You can celebrate Thanksgiving..
...and Christmas.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!

Floating and sinking
Floating and sinking may seem like it is all about air, but it is not.
This bubble floats because it has a lighter density than the air.
This also works in water, floating and sinking has everything to do with density.
This marble sinks because the water isn't as dense as the marble.
You're probably thinking, well what exactley is density?
Density is how packed in something is.
Things like balloons float because of the helium inside them, otherwise they would be too heavy for the air to lift.
Then you must be thinking, why do birds float?
Birds don't actually float they fly.
Birds can only fly because they have hollow bones and skin between them to lift them up with the help of the air.
It all has to do with density, or depending on what the object is, or if it has something inside it.
I hope you learned something from my book!
Thankyou for reading!

floating and sinking
Read this book for floating and sinking ideas.
Helium balloons can float in the sky.
Some boats can sink in the water.
But most boats float in the water.
Bikes sink in sinking sand.
Bubbles float up in the sky.
Some people sink in the water.
But some people float.
Cars sink when they go on the water.
This person is floating in the air by a magic.
This is floating and about to sink.

Wonder Woman is cool, and boys fail
This is Wonder Woman and Batman.
This is the group.
Super Girl and Wonder Woman are cool!
These are the cool super heroes, except for the guy in the picture.

Soccer or Football?
Let's play a game.
Some people call it soccer.  Others call it football.
You have to kick the ball into the goal.
You have to kick the ball hard.
Sometimes you head the ball.
You always try to score a goal.
Try not to foul the other players.
Try to keep the ball away.
You always have to run fast.
Whether you call it soccer,
or football...
you gotta love the game!

The Football Book
I like to watch football games.
Kids play football.
Girls play football.
Boys play football.
Teams play football.
Even ponies play football.
I'm a big football fan!

Aussie Rules Football
Aussie Rules football is played on an oval.
They kick the ball.
They hand-pass  the ball.
They mark the ball.
They catch the ball.
The crowd cheers them on.
They win!

Cat Wishes
I wish you were my mother.
I wish I was not all alone.
I wish someone loved me.
I wish I could go outside.
I wish I could get out.
I wish I could read.
I wish I could have it.
I wish I had wings.
I wish you'd take this off of me.

The List
One day I was bored ...
so I made a list.
I wrote down everything I wanted to do.
I wanted to travel.
I wanted to see new things.
I wanted to meet new people.
I am still working on my list.
There is so much more I want to do.

Three Wishes
I found a lamp.
I rubbed it.
A genie came out.
He gave me three wishes.
I wished for 100 million dollars.
I wished for a huge house.
I wished for a fancy car.
I wish I wished for friends to share it with.

Rock Bands
Rock bands have heroes!
Rock bands also have singers.
Some singers just sing.
Some singers dress up.
Some singers dance.
Some singers play the guitar, too.
Rock bands have guitar players.
Some guitar players have crazy hair.
Some guitar players are old.
Some guitar players are quiet.
Some guitar players are loud.
But there is only one Guitar Hero!

Mario Brothers
Mario Brothers is fun.
I play it on my Nintendo Wii.
It was easier on the Nintendo DS.
The Wii is hard. You really have to move.
The game is about racing.
You go when the light turns green.
Don't go too soon. You will spin out!
You try to take the lead.
Don't let others pass you.
You can make the car go really fast.
If you win, you get the checked flag.
You will be the champion!

I Want Them All!
I like to buy video games.
I like Naruto video games.
I like Inuyasha video games.
I like Super Mario video games.
I like Batman video games.
I like Forza Motorsport video games.
I like NHL video games.
I like the Beatles Rock Band video games.
I want to have them all!

I Help
I have a lot of chores.
I help cook breakfast.
I help wash the dishes.
I help set the table.
I help vacuum the floors.
I help make the bed.
I help cut the grass.
I help rake the yard.
I help wash the car.
I help wake everyone up!

Vacuum Cleaners
Many people use vacuum cleaners.
Mom's use vacuum cleaners.
Dad's use vacuum cleaners.
Children use vacuum cleaners.
People share vacuum cleaners.
They carry them from place to place.
They leave them on the street.
They even leave them in the snow.
Look out for all the vacuum cleaners!

Super Cleaners
Some days our house gets really messy.
One day, the Amazing Super Cleaners came to our house.
They said, "What a mess!"
"Your books will get torn up!"
"You won't be able to find your stuff!"
"It's not even safe here!"
Books go on the shelves.
Dishes go in the cabinets.
There must be a place for everything.
When our house is clean, we will all be SUPER CLEANERS!

beaches
Mom's favorite  beach is quiet.
Look what I found in the ocean.
Congratulations!  You are awesome, beach.
This is beautiful blue sky and blue water.
People like to skip on the beach.
I like to watch TV to get the weather report for the beach.
He's going to take a picture of me on the beach.
My Grandpa loved to watch the sunset.
Sometimes there are exciting fairs at the beach.
Some beaches have coconut trees along the shorelines.

Christmas Feast
For Christmas, I like pancakes.
For Christmas lunch, I like ham.
For Christmas, I like steak.
For Christmas, I like to make fruitcake.
For Christmas, I like to make presents.
For Christmas, I like to decorate the Christmas tree.
For Christmas, I like to make cookies.
For Christmas, I like to make Christmas cards.

Ben 10 Book
The pirate was bones.
He has got 4 arms.
Upgrade has powers.
He can fire.
He can lift cars up.

Floating and Sinking
Floating depends on density.
Sinking also  depends on density.
We can all sink.
We can all float.
Fat people in cars...sink.

All About  Christmas
On Christmas, I like to go to New Zealand.
On Christmas, I like to go on a cruise ship.
On the cruise, I like to swim in the pool.
On the cruise, I eat lots of YUMMY food.
I am going  to have a relaxing time on the cruise.
On Christmas, I like to eat roast, broccoli, green beans and cauliflower.
On Christmas, I like to make a Christmas cake.
On Christmas, I like to eat lollies and chocolate.
On Christmas, I like to go to the movies. I watch "Where the Wild Things Are."
On Christmas, I like to go to the hair dresser so I can look handsome.
On Christmas, I like to go to the shopping center. I like to buy my mum nail polish.
I hope there is a basketball sitting under the Christmas tree for me.

Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas one and all.
Heaven's blessings have begun to fall.
Snowy days and chilly nights.
Cozy fires are warm and bright.
Bring joy to all no matter what your height!

Bob at Bat Book 16
Bob is at bat.
Bob stamps.
Bob taps.
Bob stands and nods.
Bob bats.
Bob pants.

Van
I sleep in a purple van.
Look at the big, beautiful, yellow van.
Janet has 2 silver vans.
Ugly paint job.
Stop behind the cafeteria.
Call this van,  Richard.
I'd like something to eat.
They are going green.
She is late for school.
Waiting for my mom.
What kind of  people would move  things like this?
That van is funny looking.
Going up over the moon.

Camping
My family and I sleep in a tent.
We eat on a picnic table.
We go to the beach.
We build a fire.
We hike.
We sleep in a sleeping bag.
We play in the sand.
We drive back to my house in Daddy's car.

Dress for the Weather
What is the weather like today?
It is hot outside.
A bathing suit is good to wear when it is hot.
It is cold outside.
A winter jacket is good to wear when it is cold outside.
It is raining outside.
A raincoat is good to wear when it is raining outside.
A bathing suit is not good to wear when it is cold!
When we wear the right clothes, we can have fun outside!

My Thanksgiving Day
My Thanksgiving Day
My family had a caterer bring food to my house.
A caterer is someone who makes food and brings it to special places.
Different families eat different foods on Thanksgiving.
Pumpkin pie is a popular Thanksgiving dessert...
but it is not the only dessert people have on this holiday!
My dad was full after our Thanksgiving dinner! He fell asleep on the couch.
I had fun with my family on my Thanksgiving Day!

Fans and Friends
Jim has a ceiling fan.
It goes around.
Mom has a ceiling fan.
She bought it in town.
Dad has a ceiling fan.
Blue and red.
Jim has a ceiling fan.
Above his head.
Will has a ceiling fan.
He watches it go.
Mom has lots of ceiling fans.
Does she want more? NO!

My Family Christmas
My Family Christmas
First, on Christmas day, I wake up.
Second, my mom gets coffee while I play with my niece and nephew.
Third, I open my presents!
Fourth, I get dressed.
Fifth, I play with my new toys and my dog, Teddy.
What do you do on Christmas?
The End

Letter C
C is for candy.
C is for chocolate milk.
C is for cookie.
C is for cat.
C is for computer.
C is for cold.
C is for candle.
C is  for candy canes.
C is for coconut.

Christmas
You can make food houses.
You can decorate a tree.
It can snow on Christmas.
You can decorate your houses.
Make cool food to eat.
Have a decoration party.
Make your pet look like Santa Claus.
You can make cool candy.
You can see  deer.
Get a lot of presents.
It can freeze on Christmas.
by Anita Peters

Transportation
A book of transportation.
One way is by  cars.
One way is by  air.
One way is by  train.
One way is by  boat.
One way is by walking.
One way is by  scooter.
One way is  by bicycle.
One way is by bus.
One way is by  jets.
by Dakotta Huckabay

Transportation
A book about transportation.
One way is trains.
A Volkswagon
"bug."
Street cars in the city.
Bridges over water.
Balloons full of hot air.
People on a boat.
A scooter for running errands.
Flying in an airplane.
We ride the school bus.
A subway in Korea.
by Savannah Jefferson

Strawberries!
Look at all of the strawberries!
These strawberries are on a cake.
The girl is holding some strawberries.
Oh! There's a strawberry rug!
I like to pick strawberries!  Yum!

Pink Cameras
I like this pink camera.
I want that purple camera!
This camera has a Care Bear on it.
The girl is taking a picture with the camera!  Click!

SPORTS by Diego, class 6E
Is a sport very dificult?
Is a sport very good?
My favourite sport is football.
My favorite player in tennis is Nadal.
My favorite player in basketball is Pau Gasol.
I like volleiballl.
Is a sport in the water?

Animals at the zoo by Héctor, room 6E
Animals and their characteristics:
This is a panda. It is from China.
This tiger is orange and black.
The elephant weighs approximately 12,000 kilograms
The giraffe's got a very long neck
The gorilla is big and black.
This is a zebra with its baby.
And more animals...

Coal
I love coal.
It is great.
It is hot.
It is black.

Clouds
Clouds float in the air.
Clouds are tiny drops of water.
Clouds all look different.
Clouds help to predict the weather.
Clouds can be fluffy and white.
These are cumulus clouds.
Cumulus clouds do not bring precipitation.
Clouds can be feathery and look like hair.
These are cirrus clouds.
Cirrus clouds do not bring precipitation, but they can come a few hours before rain or snow.
Clouds can be smooth and gray.
These are stratus clouds.
Stratus clouds can bring light rain.
Clouds can be dark and heavy.
These are cumulonimbus clouds.
Cumulonimbus clouds bring thunderstorms.

Storms
Storms are dangerous weather.
This is a thunderstorm.
Thunderstorms bring strong wind, heavy rain, thunder and lightning.
This is a hurricane.
Hurricanes start in the ocean. They bring very strong wind and heavy rain.
Hurricanes can flood the land. Hurricanes can destroy houses.
This is a tornado.
Tornadoes bring very strong wind that spins fast.
Tornadoes can destroy houses.
Storms are dangerous weather.

Weather Changes
The air on Earth is always moving.
The moving air makes our weather.
Some air is warm.
Some air is cold.
When cold air moves into warm air, it makes a cold front.
A cold front is shown on a weather map with a blue line.
A cold front can cause a thunderstorm.
When warm air moves into cold air, it makes a warm front.
A warm front is shown on a weather map with a red line.
A warm front can cause light rain.
Weather maps can show warm fronts and cold fronts.

Precipitation
Precipitation is any form of water that falls from the clouds. It can look like water. It can look like ice.
Rain is water that falls from the clouds.
Rain is precipitation.
Snow is ice crystals that fall from the clouds.
Snow is precipitation.
Sleet is rain and snow that fall from the clouds.
Sleet is precipitation.
Hail is balls of ice that fall from the clouds.
Hail is precipitation.

BF's Christmas
On Christmas, I like to get presents.
On Christmas, I like to stay at home.
On Christmas, I like to eat peanut butter sandwiches and toast.
On Christmas, I like to make presents.
On Christmas,  
I like to get CDs and DVDs from Santa.
On Christmas, I  like  to  listen to my music.
On Christmas,  I like  to play on the beach.
On Christmas, I like to watch Thomas the Tank Engine on DVD.

Is It Done Yet?
These berries will make a good pie. Cranberries and blueberries are yummy when mixed with butter and sugar!
Assemble your ingredients. Make your dough. Roll your crust.
Ready to bake! Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Hot, bubbly and beautiful. It's ready to eat at last!
Just imagine the flavor, like sunshine on a dish!
Next lesson... pi!

I Like...
Hello! My name is Lisa Simpson. These are the things I like to do.
I like having breakfast with my family. I usually have milk and biscuits or cereal.
I like reading books and comics.  My favorites are
horror stories.
I like listening to music and playing the sax, but my dad says it's a little bit noisy!!
In summer, I like swimming in the lake with all my family.
In winter, I like playing in the snow and making snowmen.
I like dressing up as a witch. I like flying on a broom with my cat.
I like playing table tennis with my brother.
I like riding a horse.
I like playing with my pet. This is Dolly, my little lamb.
I like playing and talking with my father.
I like sitting in front of the TV with all my family, eating popcorn and watching "The Simpsons"!!

E4 has a Thanksgiving Feast
Everybody will bring something to our dinner.
Shanika is bringing the fruit salad.
Osman will bring the vegetables.
Perla is bringing the deviled eggs.
Hyob will bring the mashed potatoes.
Shaun will make the cranberry sauce.
David will bring the stuffing.
Malik will roast the turkey.
Aaliyah will bring the pumpkin pie. Mmmm.
We cannot wait to eat our meal!

Thankful
I am thankful for Mom.
I am thankful for the baby.
I am thankful for the lion.
I am thankful for China.
I am thankful for my house.
I am thankful for Renee.
I am thankful for Hannah.
I am thankful for Dad.

Dinosaurs
Dinosaurs ruled  the Earth.
Dinosaurs were huge!!!!
Some dinosaurs  had feathers.
Dinosaurs   hatched out of  eggs.
T-rex was the king of the dinosaurs.
Coelophysis ate small  things like rats.
Allosaurus was a meat eater.
I love dinosaurs.

Goals
There are goals.
There are dreams.
There are wishes.
There are hopes.
But there are also fears.
And challenges.
And leaps of faith.
All to overcome.
And to continue to grow.
And bloom.
To accomplish your goal.

ABC Book of Fruits and Vegetables!
A is for apricots.
B is for broccoli.
C is for cabbage.
D is for dragon fruit.
E is for eggplant.
F is for figs.
G is for grapefruit.
H is for honeydew.
I is for Indian pea pods.
J is for jujube.
K is for kiwi.
L is for lime.
M is for mushrooms.
N is for nectarines.
O is for olives.
P is for papaya.
Q is for quince.
R is for radishes.
S is for starfruit.
T is for tomato.
U is for Ugli fruit.
V is for voavanga.
W is for watermelon.
X is for xigua.
Y is for yams.
Z is for zucchini.

Rules for Being a Cameron Crazy
There are several rules that you must follow when going to a Duke basketball game!
First of all, always wear your team's colors!
Duke fans never sit down like these Kansas fans.
Duke fans stay standing!
Duke fans don't yell like this Kansas man! They yell cool, so be cool!!!
There is one rule you must follow even if you can't follow the rest!
That rule is HAVE FUN!!!

Scotland
Scotland
In Scotland, men wear kilts.
Kilts look like skirts,
but they aren't.
In Scotland, thistles grow.
Heather flowers grow, too.
In Scotland, people play bagpipes,
and the fiddle.
Men do the caber toss,
and people dance.
In Scotland, people eat haggis.
There are castles in Scotland,
and hills,
and lochs,
and moors,
and cities.

CARS
There are many kinds of cars.
We drive cars on roads.
To get from one place to another.
We ride in cars, while an adult drives the car.
We ride in all sorts of cars.
We can ride in new cars.
We can ride in old cars.
There are even small cars.
Some people drive very fast race cars.
Other people like fancy, expensive cars.
But most people drive ordinary cars.

"Sports" by Rocky, Room  5E
SPORTS
waterpolo
He can play baseball.
They are running.
He plays golf.
MORE SPORTS
Weightlifting
Archery
He can't play tennis.
Fencing
EXTREME SPORTS
He can ride a motorcycle.
He can skateboard.
He can skydive.
Climbing
snowboarding

VERBS ending in -ING
running
throwing
talking
clapping
hugging
praying
swimming
cooking
kicking
eating

floating and sinking
This person is floating on the bed, wow.
This bike is sinking in the water, wow.
This mandarin duck is staying on top of the water cause it is floating, wow.
If you look closely you can see a ship sinking, wow.
Floating and sinking happens all the time.

moterbikes
They are fast.
They are good.
They have flames.
Nothing.
You can race.

Hockey by Brock F.
They're getting ready to skate.
They are coming out of their side of the rink.
They are presenting the goalie.
This stands for the Red Wings in Minnesota.
This picture is the Detroit goalie.
This is the Penguin player that is trying to shoot on the goalie.
This is the Penguin's team coming out for the beginning of the game.
This is a person that is getting ready to play hockey.
This is one of the other team's goal that they almost missed the goal.
The other team's player is getting pushed into the wall.
They are trying to get the puck out of the zone.
This is the team that won the trophy in college and they were the best team.

I Love Bowling!
In bowling, you can get a strike.
You can get a spare.
I like bowling with my friends.
You need pins to bowl.
You need a bowling ball to bowl.
You need bowling shoes to bowl.
I like to bowl with my family.
Let's go bowling!

Go Hawks
Go Hawks! by Beau Dickey
Herkey says, "Welcome to Iowa City... Home of the Hawks!"
Herkey says, "The Old Capitol building is the center piece of our campus... Go Hawks!"
Herkey says, "Our campus is beautiful...Go Hawks!"
Herkey says, "Students enjoy their time away from class everyday... Go Hawks!"
Herkey says, "We have the Ped Mall filled with amazing art work... Go Hawks!"
Herkey says, "The best burger in town is found at the Hamburger Inn...Go Hawks!"
Herkey says, "A few years ago a tornado hit our campus. It brought us closer together...Go Hawks!"
Herkey says, "On gamedays Iowa fans are bold and wear GOLD... Go Hawks!"
Herkey says, "For every Iowa fan, it's all Hawks all the time... Go Hawks!"
Herkey says, "Beware of the swarm, one of our many gameday traditions... Go Hawks!"
Herkey says, "In the end the Hawks celebrate another victory... Go Hawks!"
Herkey says, "Come and visit Iowa to cheer us on... Go Hawks!"

Do You Like the Ocean?
Do you like the ocean?
Yes, I like the ocean.
Do you like the sand?
Yes, I like the sand.
Do you like the waves?
Yes, I like the waves.
Do you like the seashells?
Yes, I like the seashells.
Do you like the sea stars?
Yes, I like the sea stars.
Do you like the fish?
Yes, I like the fish.
Do you like the jelly fish?
Yes, I like the jelly fish.
Do you like the sea turtles?
Yes, I like the sea turtles.
Do you like the dolphins?
Yes, I like the dolphins.
Do you like the whales?
Yes, I like the whales.
Do you like the sharks?
AHHHHHHHHHHHH!
No, I do not like the sharks!

Soccer
Soccer is the best.
I love soccer.
Soccer is winning.
I love soccer.
Soccer is losing.
I love soccer.
Soccer is teamwork.
I love soccer.
Soccer is hard work.
I love soccer.
Soccer is practicing.
I love soccer.
Soccer is fans.
I love soccer.
Soccer is friends.
I love soccer.
Go Ponies!

food
I love cup cakes, they are my favorite.
And cherrys are too.
Yum, yum, yum.
Oh i need that straw berry.
Hot, too hot for me.
Those cup cakes look like they just got out of bed.
Very funny.

Tyra's Dogs
Dogs are like babies.
Dogs are so cool!
Dogs are funny!
Dogs are at work!
Sh. They are sleeping.
Bath time.
It is play time.
It is music time for you and you!
Party time.
I am going to work.
Somebody love me!
I want my mommy.
Fit fit fit!
Food!
I need a lot of candy.
Run dog, run!

Tyra's Love Story!
Love is in all of us.
Love is in your hearts.
Pets all love us too.
Nacher has love.
Love is in the world.

Things that Scare Me
Wild animals scare me.
Needles scare me.
Horses scare me.
Small spaces scare me.
Falling scares me.
Dentists scare me.
Heights scare me.
Dark places scare me.
Small airplanes scare me.
Monsters scare me.
Cotton balls scare me.

What is so funny?
HAHA
Hey what is so funny? Don't look at me like that.
Haha, you fell! Do it again, do it, do it.
Can't you see that I am studying?
Shhhhhhh. I am playing hide and seek.
A kiss for good luck.
Do you like how I play the violin?
This coke is so good. You want some?
I need to report a crime seen. Hello, do you hear me?
(He is sticking the tongue at you)
Aren't you gonna play with me?
What is up? Do you like how I walk?
Let's dance the slowest songs.
Look at my babies.
That is very nasty.
See ya!!

Michael Phelps---Swimming for Gold!
Michael Phelps swam at the 2008 Olympic Games in China.
He competed in eight different events.
He was so excited after winning every one of his races.
Winning eight gold medals, Michael Phelps proudly became the world's greatest swimmer.

I Love Ceiling Fans
CEILING FANS ARE EVERYWHERE.
WHITE LIGHTS,
RED LIGHTS,
AND YELLOW LIGHTS!
FANS GO SLOW AND
FAST!
TURN IT ON
AND WATCH IT GO.
THIS CEILING FAN IS BRIGHT.
IT LIGHTS UP THE ROOM.
TURN IT OFF AND GO TO SLEEP.
GOOD NIGHT!
WAKE UP IN THE MORNING.

Are you hungry?
Do you like peppers?
Do you like flowers?
Do you like apples?
You can go to the farmer's market!

Animals
chimpanzee
ram
snowy owl
polar bear
penguin
walrus
caribou
artic fox
whale
shark
sea turtle
clownfish
jellyfish
starfish
dolphin
horse
cow
chicken
pig
wild turkey
tiger
hawk
porcupine
deer
skunk
copperhead
rabbit
grizzly bear
grizzly bear
red fox
leopard
leopard
elephant
giraffe
zebra
lion
hippo
rhinocerus

Ebony's Book About Friends
This is your friend.
This is how friends get along.
Your friend likes to go to the movies.
You friend likes to swim with you.
Sometimes I feel happy to have a friend.
Friends can be fun.
Your cat is your friend.

Kera get's into Mischief
Kera gets into mischief.
My dad bought a laser light.
Kera saw the light.
She dropped her stick.
She ran to my dad and whined.
She scratched her belly.
She came to see me as I was sleeping.
Then she went down stairs.
She saw a red light.
She was outside rolling in the grass.
She licked dad
and jumped on Pat.
She saw the light again.
She couldn't take it any more.
She charged to the light!
I laughed at Kera.

Dog Days
Dogs run. Go, dog, go!
Dogs swing. Yeah!
Dogs chew. Yum! Yum!
Dogs wear sunglasses. Cool dogs!
Dogs swim. Splish, splash!
Dogs wash. Scrub, scrub!
Dogs sleep. Shhh....

The Farmer's Market
You can go to the farmer's market.
You can buy apples there.
This cake was made with beets. Some things you find here may be strange.
Riding a llama at a farmer's market is pretty strange.
These peppers were not made with beets. They are just peppers.
I'm looking forward to the beautiful flowers at the farmer's market.

Unicorns
I like my little pony unicorns.
This is a sign with a unicorn on it.
This horse looks like a unicorn.
These are toy unicorns.
This unicorn can stand up.
This unicorn is by a rainbow.
These are twin unicorns.
This is a toy unicorn.
This unicorn has red on it.
This one is just a horse.
This one looks like a unicorn.
This is a lady riding a unicorn.
This picture has a unicorn on it.
This unicorn is flying.
This unicorn is red, my favorite color.
These are pink and purple unicorns.

Important Jobs
Jobs
Jobs in the home:
Cleaning our room,
washing the dishes,
doing our homework,
and vacuuming.
Jobs at our school:
Principal,
Teacher,
Librarian,
and Custodian.
Jobs in our community:
Firefighter,
Mayor,
Doctor,
Mailman,
Policeman,
and Veterinarians.
These are just a few important jobs.
TEK: identify jobs in the home, school, and community. [7.A]

Things I See
I see a puppy.
I see kitty cats dancing.
I see a scale.
I see four princesses.
I see cupcakes.
I see a mermaid in the water.

Animals
cow
cat
dog
cat
horse
big cat
bird
stork

Bears
Bears can be black.
Bears can be brown.
Bears can be white.
Bears are big.
Bears can be trained.
Bears can dance.
Bears have sharp claws.
Bears have sharp teeth.
Bears can bite.
Bears are mean.
Bears live in caves.
Bears can hibernate.
Bears use leaves for their bed.
Bears are predators.
Bears eat fish.

The Nut and the Squirrels
I see a little nut.
This little nut is brown.
Can you see the little brown nuts now?
Oh look! Will the squirrel get the nut?
Oh look! The squirrel will get the little brown nut.
Squirrels like nuts.
Was this squirrel ready to fly for his nut?
Now the squirrel will climb with his nut.
Will this squirrel have enough nuts for the winter?
Now that is a lot of nuts!
No one will forget this famous little squirrel and his nut.
Sight words for review: now, no, will, was
Words that rhyme with nut: but, cut, gut, hut, mut, putt, rut, what.

Jonathan's Frog
Jonathan walked to the pond.
Jonathan saw a frog swimming.
The frog hid.
The frog sat.
The frog hopped on Jonathan's finger.
The frog looked.
The frog hopped back in the pond.
The frog was happy.

Let's Make Pizza!
Let's make pizza!
First, get the dough.
Next, add sauce.
Then, add cheese.
Do you want pepperoni?
Put it in the oven to cook.
Time to eat!

Sing Your Way to Clean Hands
Get your voice ready to sing your way to clean hands.
Wet your hands with warm water.
Put soap on your hands.
Start rubbing your hands together.
Count using the first finger and sing "Happy Birthday."
Count using the second finger and sing "Mary had a Little Lamb."
Count using the third finger and sing "Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star."
On the fourth finger, count out 15 seconds.
Now you can rinse your hands.
Dry your hands on a paper towel.
Throw the paper towel in the trash can.
Now you have germ free clean hands.

Cameron's Hotels
Cameron's Hotels by Cameron M.
At night, the lights look  blue and purple.
This hotel is big.
This hotel is on a sandy beach.
This hotel has fireworks.
This hotel is by a pretty lake.
This hotel is called "City of Color."
Many blue lights makes these hotel sparkle.
This hotel has roads.
These hotels are like twins.
This hotel is by water.
At night, this hotel is magnificent.
This hotel is in Los Vegas.
This hotel is by a warm and sunny beach.
At night, you can hardly see the hotel.

Guitars
Types of guitars:
Classical
Flamenco
Martin
Lid Curve
Stratocarster
Telecaster
Les Paul
Gibson SG
Hollow Lid
Flying V
Explorer
Firebird
Rickenbacker
Charvel Jackson
Epiphone
And more...

Families
Some families are big.
Some families are small.
Here is a mommy.
Here is a daddy.
Some families have sisters.
Some families have brothers.
Some families have pets.
Many families have grandparents,
aunts and uncles,
and cousins.

Cars
This is a car in the shop.
This is a car on the raceway.
This is a car in the dirt.
This is a car on the streets.
This is a car getting chased by a helicopter.

Fuel Sources
Everyone uses power and fuel.
It powers our cars and homes.
There are many types of energy.
Oil is pumped from the ground and refined.
It is then sold in gas stations.
Ethanol is made from corn and creates fuel.
Wind Turbines also create fuel.
The power goes to power plants that power homes.
Hydrogen can be used to float blimps and power vehicles.
This van runs on vegetable oil, which is a biofuel.
There are many different types of energy. The end.

Orpheus and Eurydice
Orpheus was a musician.
He played the lyre.
Everyone loved his music, even the animals.
He was married to Eurydice. He loved her very much.
One day, Eurydice was attacked by a man. She ran away.
As she ran, she was bitten by a snake.
Eurydice died and went to the Underworld.
Orpheus was very sad and so was his music.
He decided to go find Eurydice.
Orpheus went to the Underworld.
He played his music.
The music made Hades sad.
Hades said Orpheus could take Eurydice back.
But Orpheus could not look at her as she followed him out.
But as he left, Orpheus took a peek at her, and Eurydice floated away.
Orpheus was sad and alone.
Later Orpheus died.
He and Eurydice were together again.
The end.

Vanuatu
This is the tropical country of Vanuatu.
Vanuatu is one of Australia's neighbours.
Vanuatu is hot. These boys are swimming.
These Ni-Vanuatu dance in colourful costumes.
Vanuatu is a friendly place to visit.
This is a traditional house.
This is Port Vila Harbour in Vanuatu.
There are active volcanoes in Vanuatu.
It would be good to visit Vanuatu one day.

My Field Trip to the Zoo
I saw a tiger. He was walking.
I saw a giraffe. She was eating.
I saw a lion. 
He was roaring.
I saw a lemur. She was sleeping.
I saw a camel. He was sitting.

The Grand Canyon
The Grand Canyon is the world's largest gorge.
It is located in Arizona in the southwest part of the United States.
You will find The Grand Canyon along the Colorado River in the northwestern corner of Arizona.
It has many interesting rock formations that scientists study to reveal its past.
The canyon was carved from millions of years of water erosion from the Colorado River.
The canyon is 4 to 13 miles wide.
It is dramatically deep at 4,000 to 5,500 feet.
The Grand Canyon is 217 miles long.
Many people visit this national park every year.
It is hot in the summer.
It is cold in the winter.
Many Native Americans have lived in the canyon over the years.
Many animals live here, too.
The water, rock cliffs, and rock formations make this a unique area.
It is America's most amazing natural feature.

My Thanksgiving
My Thanksgiving Day!
Thanksgiving is one of my favorite holidays!
Thanksgiving happens during the fall season, and it is in November.
Thanksgiving is always on a Thursday!
Most Thanksgiving dinners have turkey to eat!
On Thanksgiving day, I wake up in the morning.
Then I watch the Thanksgiving Day Parade!
After the parade, I help make a big Thanksgiving dinner!
My family eats Thanksgiving dinner together!
Then I take a nap because I ate so much turkey!
When I wake up from my nap, I watch football on T.V.
I am very thankful for the good food I eat on Thanksgiving!
What do you do on Thanksgiving?

Something New
I like things to stay the same.
I like to know what will happen.
But sometimes there is something new.
Something can be new at home.
It can be new and noisy,
or new and nosy!
It might be a new person,
or a new food.
Something can be new at school.
It can be a new place,
or a new person.
It can be a new activity, too!
I don't have to be afraid.
I can take my time to...
look,
and listen,
and ask questions if I need to!
And soon that new thing...
is OK with me!
The End

Tiger Cubs
The tigers are in love.
The tiger cubs are taking a bath.
The tiger is taking a break.
The tigers are fighting over a pool.
This one is playing hide and seek.

Purple Things
I see purple shoes.
I see a purple flower.
I see round purple flowers.
I see yellow inside of purple.
I see a girl with purple hair.

Yellow Things
I see a yellow rose.
I see a yellow bus.
I see a yellow kitty.
I see a yellow stripe.
I see a yellow bee.
I see a yellow door.
I see a yellow poppy.
I see a yellow duck.

Dinosaurs
My favorite animal is the dinosaur.
I like the Tyrannosaurus Rex.
The Tyrannosaurus Rex was one of the largest animals to ever live.
This dinosaur lived about 65 million years ago.
There were about 30 different types dinosaurs.
This dinosaur was a meat eater.
They lived in North America.
The Tyrannosaurus Rex was about 42 feet long.
It weighed about 7 tons!
He is very scary!!!

Faith's Thanksgiving!
On Thanksgiving, I will...
sleep late.
I will help Mama in the kitchen.
I will eat ham,
mashed potatoes,
and rolls with my family!
After dinner, I will...
watch some football,
jump on my trampoline,
and take a nap!
It's going to be a great day!

What Cheryl Likes...
I like kites.
Kites fly like birds.
I like birds.
Penguins like the snow.
I like how owls fly.
I like horses.
Peacocks are in the zoo.
I like sunsets.
I like birds flying.
I like whales.
Whales live in water.
This whale is standing.
I like Star Wars.

I'm Going Fishing
Once upon a time, I went to the lake to go fishing with my mom and dad.
We took stuff to go fishing.
We didn't catch any fish.
Then we ate a picnic. I ate a sandwich with ham.
When we finished eating, we saw a big fish close to us. Then the big fish bit the line.
We were so happy.
We went home and ate the big fish.

Bad Bart
I am the coolest.
I´m cheeky.
I like the demon.
I have a band.
I am the biggest.

Playing with Friends
It is fun to play with friends.
We like to play different games.
We like to ride our bikes.
Sometimes, my friends won't play with me.
I might feel upset or sad.
I might feel like crying.
It is okay to feel this way.
When I am upset, I should take time to calm down.
I should wait to talk about my feelings until I feel better.
Then I should tell my mom or dad how I feel.
I can play with friends another time.

Jaguar
This car is a black Jaguar.
This car is funny because it has sticky notes all over it.
This is the newest Jaguar.
A night drive through the city.
Two models showing off a silver Jaguar.
This car is fast.
The car is by the lake.
This is one of the first Jaguars made.
This car is bright red.
This car has two colors, grey and white.
This car is on fire.
See the Jaguar climbing up the hill.
My dad used to have this car, but he sold it.
This is a model picture of a Jaguar.

Carly and Me
Earlier this year, I got a new dog.
My mom took me to get her.
I already had one dog named Coal. Now I have Carly, too!
Carly is a special dog. She is my canine companion. She helps me.
We like to take naps together.
Carly helps me pick things up.
She likes getting her belly scratched.
Carly and I love to shop.
We REALLY love our naps.
When I wake up, Carly is there.
Before we moved to our new house, Carly and I visited together.
This makes me happy.
It also makes Mommy happy.
Together we are friends.
Well, I'm going to go see what she's doing.

Our Book About Weather
We see many kinds of weather.
In the winter, it gets cold.
In the winter, it can snow.
In the summer, it is hot.
When it rains, we get wet.
A storm has thunder and lightning.
The wind blows and blows.
The sun shines brightly.
When it is cloudy, it gets gray.
We see many kinds of weather.

Dinosaurs
There are lots of dinosaurs.
There are big and small dinosaurs.
The dinosaurs were walking with dinosaurs.
You can find the dinosaur at Dinosaur World and Jurassic Park.
Lots of dinosaurs together in the world.

Stormtroopers Saga
On a planet far, far away began the saga of the Stormtroopers.
Time for a quick cup of coffee before I meet with the Imperial Stormtrooper.
Where have you been?  You are late for our very important meeting.
I have some very bad news.  The Clone Commander has been eliminated.  We need to make a plan of attack.
We must send the Stormtroopers to Baywatch.
Stormtrooper Gladiators run drills to get in shape for battle.
The Wookie got us! We're doomed!
Clean up after the battle.
I need to give the Stormtroopers a morale booster talk.
Thank you, cutie. Do you want to go out on a date?
Stormtroopers get medals of commendation.
Stormtroopers get their pictures taken for the Star Wars Newspaper.

Cats and Feelings
Run! I need to get out of here.
Let's go and play.
We're stuck.  We didn't do it.
I'm innocent.
When am I going to get it?
Watch out!  Here comes trouble.

Dogs
Dogs are cute.
You are cute.
Nice puppy.
Hanging around.
Going on a road trip.
Dogs are good listeners.
Just friends.

Happy Things
Things that make me happy!
Going to the beach makes me happy!
Hugs make me happy!
Hugs REALLY make me happy!
Cookies make me happy!
Yum, let's eat!

Cats
I like cats.
Cats are funny.
Cats are lovable.
Cats get tired.
There are big cats.
I love cats.

Blue Whales
The blue whale is too big. It is the biggest mammal.
Blue Whales are long, too.
Blue Whales are really blue-gray.
They have flippers.
They are heavy. They can weigh over 100 tons.
They eat a lot of food.
Baby whales are called calves.

In the Sky...
When you look through a telescope, there is so much to see.  Let see what's up in space!
We see stars in space.
We see a comet in space.
We see the Sun in space.
We see the space shuttle in space.
We see an astronaut in space.
We see the moon in space.
We see a satellite in space.
We see the planets in space.
We see turkeys in space? NO!

Kobe Bryant
It's clean.
He's a good basketball player.
They won the championship.
They are good at basketball.
He shot a three.
He dunks.
They are going to the NBA championship.
They are going to whip them in basketball.

A Fishing Story
Fishermen need to get up early to catch the big bass!
Fishermen need to be patient and calm while waiting to hook a fish.
After the fish are caught, they are bundled up and put on ice. Get ready for the feast!
Fishermen get to  see a lot of amazing stuff like waterfalls!
Birds made great fishermen, too!
When the day is done, fishermen get ready for tomorrow!

Going to Chili's
Today we are going to Chili's.
We will ride the bus to get there.
We will quietly walk into Chili's.
We will all sit together.
We will sit down and put our napkins in our laps.
A server will take our order.
We will say, "Thank you."
The server will bring our food.
We will say "Thank you."
We will keep our elbows off the table.
We will use our silverware like this.
We will eat a hamburger like this.
We will eat a corn dog like this.
We will quietly leave Chili's.
We will ride the bus back to school.
We will have fun at Chili's.

Horses
These horses are in the pretty sunset.
This horse is running and jumping in the field.
Mrs. Whitey is looking at Val and Olivia.
The handsome cowboys are riding the horses.
These horses are running.
This horse looks cold in the snow.
The horse is on the bridge in the sunset.
Here's another handsome cowboy with his horses.
"Giddy up!"

Phineas and Ferb
Phineas and Ferb is a television show on the Disney Channel.
This is Phineas.
This is Ferb.
They are brothers.
Lawrence and Linda are their parents.
Candace is Phineas' and Ferb's sister.
They live in Danville.
Phineas and Ferb have a pet platypus. His name is Perry.
Dr. Doofenshmirtz is a scientist.
Stacy is Candace's best friend.
Isabella is the leader of the Fire-Side Girls.
Jeremy works at Mr. Slushy Burger.
Love Handel is a rock band.
Danny is the lead singer.
Bobbi is the bass player.
Sherman plays the drums.
This is one of my favorite TV shows.

Orange
ORANGE
O is for orangutan.
R is for race car.
A is for acidic.
N is for nature.
G is for good.
E is for energy.
ORANGE.

All About Dogs
Some dogs are puppies.
Dogs like to hide.
Dogs like to play with friends.
Dogs can have all kinds of colors.
Some dogs are short.
Dogs can be silly.
Dogs can smile.
Dogs can have twins.

Ebony's Book
Ebony's Book
I love to do yoga. I am happy when I do yoga.
I am happy and sad.
I feel kind of upset when things don't work.
I feel very happy with my life.
I love to do yoga.
I am happy with my body shape.
I love my body.
We'll get better, and I hope people get better, too.
This is the end of Ebony's book.

Thanksgiving
At Thanksgiving, we get to eat turkey and other yummy foods.
We watch the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade on TV.
We sit around our table with our family and give thanks for all the good things we have.
For dessert, we eat pumpkin pie or other tasty treats.
Sometimes, we get to help mom make all the good food we eat.
Some families decorate their Christmas tree when they are done eating.
Other families like to take a long walk or play outside to burn off all the food they ate.
Thanksgiving is such a fun time of year!

A Batman Story
Batman is really Bruce Wayne!
The boys are both wearing masks!
Batman is very smart and strong!
Batman is dressed in black!

High School Musical
He is kissing the girl.
Ryan and Sharpay are dancing.
Troy and Gabriella are in a car.
Troy and Gabriella like each other.
I want Troy and Gabriella dolls.
Troy and Gabriella are singing.

Anastasia Loves Cardinals
Anastasia loves  cardinals.
I see cardinals in Minnesota.
They live in
the southern half of Minnesota year round.
They have a loud song.

The Four Puppies
I had four puppies. One puppy is named Big Boy.
Another puppy's name is Blacker. Blacker was bad. He chewed up my laptop.
One day, Blacker ran away.
I tried to find Blacker, but I couldn't.
I had to get Big Boy. He ran and found Blacker in a hole.
I got to find him, and I said, "I love you, Blacker."

Numbers Mixed!
26
6
11
1
31
9
10
4
16
29
12
27
30
14
21
15
18
5
24
17
25
2
8
7
28
13
23
19
22
20
3

Money
Money
Money can be coins.
These are pennies.
These are quarters.
These are one dollar bills.
These are twenty dollar bills.
These are fifty dollar bills.
These are hundred dollar bills.
We use money to buy things.

Low Riders
Low Riders
Low riders are cars that jump down and up.
There are leather seats in low riders.
There are also designs.
Low riders are cars that go to car shows.
There are lots of dads, moms and kids who go to car shows to see cars, eat food and drink sodas.
There are lot of cars in the parking lot.
Finally, the car show is over.

Building a School
The new school is getting constructed.
This is a picture of the building site when it started.
A digger lifts up mud.
A crane lifts wood.
Our new building is still getting built.
This is where they put all the glass windows.
They started to put in all the windows.
The wood is for the structure of the roof.

Pinewood School
This is where the builders work.
The digger is working on the school.
This is the new building.
This is a digger.
This is the cement mixer.
This is the digger working.
This is a builder.
The digger is picking up the soil.

Friends
Friends can be someone just like you.
Or someone that is nothing like you.
Friends make you laugh...
and make you feel safe when you're exploring new things.
Friends are always there for you.
Friends love to have fun...
and cheer each other up.
Friends can be very close to you, like your sister.
Friendships can start when you're very young...
and last a lifetime.

Mickey Mouse
My favorite Disney character is Mickey Mouse.
Mickey Mouse lives at Disneyland.
I want to go to Disneyland.
I want to meet Mickey Mouse.
Mickey has a girlfriend named Minnie Mouse.
My favorite Disney movie is "Toy Story."

Leaves
Leaves
Trees have leaves.
Leaves fall from trees.
Red leaves fall from trees.
Yellow leaves fall from trees.
Orange leaves fall from trees.
Brown leaves fall from trees.
Leaves are fun to jump in.
We rake leaves.
Leaves are pretty!

Biomes of the World
A tropical 
rain forest has many different plants.
The temperate rain forest has trees (conifers) with needle-like leaves.
The grasslands have tall grasses and few trees.
See the wildebeest in the grasslands.
The tundra is very cold with no trees.
Caribou live in the tundra.
The taiga has triangle shaped evergreen trees.
The deciduous forest has trees with leaves that change colors and fall off.
The desert has sandy soil and cacti.

The Heart
Blood flows through the heart to the body.
Blood is made up of many very small cells.
The heart is located between the lungs in the chest cavity.
The human heart is about the size of your fist.
The heart has two atria.
It also has two ventricles.
The heart pumps blood containing oxygen to the muscles so they can move!

What Kittens Do
This kitten is cute.
This kitten is mad.
This kitten is sleeping.
This kitten is sad.
This kitten is Santa Claus.
These kittens are silly.
These kittens are playing on the computer.
We love kittens.

Wind Energy
Did you know that the wind could provide energy for all?
We can harvest  energy from the wind. The wind turns the blades.
The blades turn the turbine.
Then the turbine creates electricity.
It is stored in the battery.
Then it can be sent to the electric company.
Here in the NW we have a lot of hydroelectricity.
It is created by dams along our rivers.
Then it is sent out along electric lines.
You see them everywhere.
Our nation is dependent on electricity and oil.
Think of all the things in our homes, businesses, and schools that need electricity.
Our world is being polluted by all our needs.
Many people think we need to find safer ways to create electricity.
And stop polluting our world.
Many people think that  wind power is the answer.

Chris' Favorite Things
I like Brett Favre.
I like the Packers.
I like nachos.
I like my dog, George.
I like Pepsi.  I drink it a  lot.
I like to fish with my
dad.
I like to hunt with my
dad.
I like rock and roll.
I like movies.
I like the color blue.

Learning to Hit a Baseball
Learning to hit a baseball can take a long time.
When I was learning, I had to think a lot and tell my body what to do.
Sometimes, my body would not do what I wanted.
Sometimes, I would swing the bat too high.
Sometimes, I would swing the ball too slowly.
Sometimes, I would miss the ball and hit the air.
Sometimes, I would drop the bat.
I felt sad when I could not hit the baseball, but I kept on practicing.
I knew that I would be able to do it, but it would take time.
I had to be kind to myself and tell myself it was OK.
Now I can hit a baseball.
I miss the ball sometimes, but that's OK. Everyone misses the ball sometimes.

My Puppy
My puppy likes to play.
This is a big puppy.
My puppy chews on toys.
This dog likes the snow.
This puppy got red eye from the flash.
This puppy is laying down.
This puppy is drinking water.
This dog is jumping in the water. He is having fun.
This is the end of my story.

A Spiderman Story
Batman and Spiderman are both strong and cool!
Spiderman tries to find bad guys!
All the 
superheroes are waiting in line to fight bad guys!
The superheros will win!

Cars
This Punch Buggy is parked at home.
The helicopter is following the blue car.
I like yellow cars.
I like this car because it goes fast.
Cars drive fast on the city streets.
I like old cars, too.
I like red cars that go fast.
This silver car is my favorite car.

Cute Little Puppies
A dog's life.
Dogs love the sun.
The dog is walking in the snow.
A lazy puppy.
The dog is playing in the grass.
Dogs dressed up for Christmas.
He is licking the seat.
They are friends.

A Man's Best Friend
This is a really fast dog.
This dog is lazy.
This dog is angry with the cat.
This dog is sad.
That dog is funny. He is going after a ball.
This is a very funny dog.
This dog is copying the woman.
This dog is hurt.
This dog is a snow dog.
These dogs are wet.
This is a new dog.
This dog is in the nurse's office.

Our E Book
E e
Eraser starts with e.
Elmo starts with E.
Electric line starts with e.
Exit starts with e.
Eeyore starts with E.
Emergency exit starts with E.
Earthquake starts with e.
Energy drinks start with e.
England landmark starts with E.
E e

Lunch at the Olive Garden
Our community outing will be lunch at the Olive Garden.
We will be seated and a waitress will help us.
What would you like to drink?
Place your napkin on your lap.
Hot bread sticks will come to the table.
Take ONE and pass them to your friends.
Next will come the salad.
Use a fork to eat the salad.
Do NOT use your fingers!
You can order soup.
Or you can order pasta.
There are many kinds to choose from.
Remember! What ever you choose to eat...
USE your fork! And your knife to cut things.
And the spoon to eat your soup. No slurping!
You may want to have a cup of coffee after your meal.
And enjoy chatting with your friends.
Don't forget to say thank you.

Down on the Farm
I see a goat.
I see a chicken.
I see turkeys.
I see a cow.
I see a pig.
I see a horse.
I see a dog.
I see a cat.

Baby Farm Animals
A baby goat is called a kid.
A baby duck is called a duckling.
A baby cow is called a calf.
A baby chicken is called a chick.
A baby goose is called a gosling.
A baby dog is called a puppy.
A baby cat is called a kitten.
A baby pig is called a piglet.
A baby horse is called a foal.
A baby turkey is called a poult.

Tires, Tires, Tires
Tires on a bus.
Tires on a trike.
Tires on a motorcycle.
Tires on a bike.
Tires on a truck.
Tires on a jeep.
Tires on a scooter.
Tires are real neat!

Canada's Wonderland
Logan goes to Wonderland.
I love roller coasters!
Roller coasters are fast!
Roller coasters go round and round.
Roller coasters go down.
Roller coasters are big!
Roller coasters are high up in the sky.
Roller coasters are fun!

Ebony's Yoga
Welcome to Ebony's book.
Ebony's book is very nice.
Yoga is relaxing to the body.
Yoga makes a person happy.
Ebony's life is based on yoga.
Yoga helps Ebony get out of bad moods.
Ebony is a good teacher of yoga.  Nice job, Ebony!
Yoga is one of my strategies.
Ebony has shown Janice's class how to do yoga.
Yoga is something that's fun to do with other people.
This is the end of Ebony's book.  Enjoy!

Wonderful Fish
This fish flies gently.
This fish is freaky.
These fish are colorful.
This fish is the biggest fish of all.
This fish is fast as a cheetah.
These are really sticky fish.
This is a rough fish.
This fish is a funny fish.
This is a scary fish.
All fish are freaky once you get to know them.

Thanksgivng at Nanni & Papa's
Thanksgiving is celebrated in the fall.
We can use pumpkin seeds for our snack.
I like to eat turkey.
I won't eat this much turkey!!
Special desserts are part of the fun.
We use special plates at Thanksgiving.

What's in the Future?
In the future, the monorail could help people go places.
They could build tracks to make the monorail move.
The monorail could park in the station like a train.
The electric car does not use gas.  It will help our environment stay healthy.

The Tree of Life
We are all part of the tree of life.
We are all special, just like the leaves of a tree.
We are happy.
We are funny.
We are exciting.
We are kind.
We are delightful.
We are beautiful.
We are calm.
We rock.
We are lovable.
We are joyful.
We are educated.
We are mischievous.
We are all part of a bigger picture.
We are peaceful.

Alaska
When you travel to Alaska, you do many different things.
You may see a bald eagle soaring in the sky.
Mush! Mush!
Take a trip on the railroad.
Hike in the beautiful glaciers.
Alaska is an amazing place to visit!

Early Life of Barack Obama
This is President Barack Obama. He is the 44th president.
Obama is President of the United States.
Obama was born on August 4, 1961, in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Obama has a family. His family is Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha.
This is Obama's mother and father.
Obama's father came from Kenya.
Obama's mother came from Wichita, Kansas.
Obama went to school in Hawaii and Indonesia.
Obama went to college at Columbia University.
Now Obama is President of the United States.
Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009.

Froopy's Adventures
Not so long ago, there lived a very cute puppy named Froopy Cakes.
Froopy lived in a far away castle with  lovely Princess Ash.
Froopy liked to explore. One day, she saw a strange creature and set off to explore.
Froopy followed the creature into the forest.
She passed a duck swimming in a pond.
And watched a caterpillar inch along a branch.
All of a sudden, Froopy noticed it had gotten dark!  She was lost!
Bats were flying all around her.  She was scared!
Just when Froopy thought she would be lost forever, she saw a ray of light and followed it home.
Ahh, back home with her best friend, Harry.

Dancing
I like line dancing. I like to dance to "Country Road."
I like to dance to "Who Let the Dogs Out?"
I like break dance.
I like hip hop.
I like rock and roll dancing.
"Twist and Shout!"
I like to dance to the Wiggles.
I like to dance.
I like to dance to the Beatles.
I like to dance to Michael Jackson.

Dogs I Like
I love dogs.
Dogs love water.
Dogs listen.
Dogs swing.
Dogs smile.

The Story of Black Beauty
Black Beauty is my favorite story book.
The book is about a beautiful horse.
Black Beauty lived in a horse barn in England.
Black Beauty has a friend named Ginger.
This is Black Beauty pulling a cart.
The driver pulls on the reins to make Black Beauty go.
This is Ginger eating grass.
Black Beauty can run really fast.
I have read Black Beauty many times. I love the story.

I Can Move My Mouth
I can stick out my tongue far. Can you?
I can open my mouth wide and say, "Ah."
I can put my teeth together and say "Eee."
I can make my lips round and say "Oooo."
I can open my mouth a little and say, "Eh."
I can open my mouth when I am mad and say, "Ay!"
I can round my lips and say, "Oh."
I can laugh and say, "Ha."
I can use my tongue to lick all around my lips like this. Can you?
I can open my mouth a little bit and say, "Ih."
I can howl like a wolf. "Ooo. Ooo."
I can open my mouth and say, "Ah."

Dogs
Dogs are funny.
Jill is playing with her dogs.
Bill and his dogs enjoy a book.
Dogs like to ride in the car.
These dogs are cool.
Will you take me home?
Peek-a-boo, I see you.
Let's listen to some music.
Come swim with me.
Good night.

Long Ago and Today
This is an old car. It was used long ago.
This is a new car. It is used today.
This is an old phone. It was used long ago.
These are new phones. They are used today.
This is an old record player. It was used long ago.
This is an iPod.  It is used today.
This is an old house.  It was lived in long ago.
This is a new house. It is lived in today.
This is an old washboard.  It was used long ago.
These are new washing machines. They are used today.
This is an old television. It was used long ago.
This is a new television. It is used today.

Dolphins
These dolphins are having fun.
I think these dolphins are training for a show.
These dolphins are jumping together.
This dolphin is swimming by herself because she got separated from her family.
This dolphin is showing off his tricks.
This dolphin  can save your life. They are very smart.
Hey! Give me a ride, dolphins!
Time for bed. Good night, dolphins.

Big Trucks
This truck is having an adventure.
The truck is watching the train go by.
The trucks are in the parking lot.
The trucks are driving on a snowy road.
I like playing with trucks, especially Lego trucks.

My Second Pumpkin Book
We went to the pumpkin patch.
Mr. Smith found a big pumpkin.
We filled up more than the wagon could hold.

Kane's Patterns
Kane's Patterns
Did you know patterns are everywhere?
Patterns are in nature.
Did you know that patterns are on clothes?
Patterns can get bigger.
Patterns can be in sounds.
I wonder how big patterns can get.
Did you know that patterns can decrease?
And they increase, too.
Animals can have patterns on their fur, too.

New Hampshire
New Hampshire
I am doing a project on New Hampshire.
New Hampshire has a cool climate.
The capital of New Hampshire is Concord.
The state flower is the Lilac.
The state bird is the Purple Finch.
The state tree is the White Birch.
New Hampshire's nickname is the Granite State.
The stat motto is "Live free or die."
People visit New Hampshire to ski.
People visit New Hampshire to see the foliage.
People like to visit the lakes of New Hampshire.
Lake Winnepesaukee is New Hampshire's largest lake.
People like to visit the mountains of New Hampshire.
Mount Washington is New Hampshire's largest mountain.
New Hampshire has many covered bridges.
People like to visit Strawberry Banke in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
People like to visit Shaker Village in Canterbury, New Hampshire.
People like to visit the old mills of New Hampshire.
I learned a lot about New Hampshire.

Singers
Hannah Montana is my favorite singer.
This is a cute picture of Hannah holding her dog.
Hannah Montana wears unique and fun clothes when she sings.
Taylor is really pretty.
I like Taylor's curly hair in her pictures.
I like when Taylor is rocking the house!
The Jonas Brothers sing well, and I like their music.
I think Nick is the cutest one.

I Love November!
November is a good month.
Thanksgiving is in November.
The leaves are pretty in November.
I like to take walks in November.
Tim likes to play in the leaves in November.
The weather gets chilly in November.
The LEAP room goes bowling in November.

My  Thanksgiving
You can eat turkey for Thanksgiving.
Table set for Thanksgiving dinner.
Have turkey for  the dinner.
You can watch a parade.
You can have pumpkin pie.
Eat a turkey cupcake.
Have family over for Thanksgiving.
Give thanks for the flowers.
by Anita Peters

My Dinosuar Book
This is a T-Rex.
A dinosaur in the woods.
It lives in the past.
It has bones.
It eats meat.
It is a reptile.
It has teeth.
It has four legs.
It has one tail.
It has five toes.
by Dakotta Huckabay

My Turkey Book
Here are two turkeys.
Two turkeys looking for food.
He has a red head.
Turkeys sitting down.
Turkeys with lots of color.
Turkeys in water.
A big family of turkeys.
by Savannah Jefferson

Wild Horses
These two horses are brother and sister.
Frank is  collecting horses to sell.
The huge, crazy horse is dangerous.
They run around in a herd.
People do tricks with the horses.
These horses are endangered.  They have hair on their feet.
This horse looks like a horse out of a fairy tale book.
I like horses because they are so beautiful.

Amanda's Favorite Things
I like grandpa.
I like family.
I like going outside.
I like swinging.
I like robots.
I like Star Wars.
I like to read.
I like Hannah Montana.
I like scary stories.
I like Frankenstein.
I like Dracula.

Halloween
Veronica was a witch for Halloween.
Bobby was a vampire for Halloween.
Laila was a vampire for Halloween, too.
Josiah was a ninja for Halloween.
Talyah was a princess for Halloween.
Ayanna was a witch for Halloween.
Chase and Cesar were Batman for Halloween.
Jamauri was a pirate.
Stephan was a Power Ranger.
Kyan was Optimus Prime for Halloween.
Asia was a cheerleader.
Jamirah was a rag doll.

Cells
All living things are made of cells.
Plants are made of cells.
Butterflies are made of cells.
Fish are made of cells.
Germs are made of cells.
Cells are like building blocks.
They are put together to make living things.
Cells are very,very, very tiny.
These are red blood cells.
These are cells in an onion.
This is a drawing of cells in cork by a man named Robert Hooke.
You need a microscope to see cells.
These are cells in a cotton stem.
These are cells in a rose petal.
This is a diagram of a cell.
This artist uses drawings of cells as a design element.
Cells make beautiful things.

So Much Food
Everyone likes different foods.  Some like chicken sandwiches.
Some like hamburgers.
Some like tacos.
And everyone likes a good pizza!

Yum Yum
The Little Red Hen brought bread.
Humpty Dumpty brought the eggs.
Jack brought the beans.
Jack and Jill brought the water.
The three little pigs brought the sandwiches.

Stretching!
Stretching is so good for me. It makes me feel so loose and free.
I do my stretches every day.  They help me move.  They help me play.
Start out gently. Start out slow. If something hurts, I'll let you know.
I hold each pose for about 2 minutes.  It's good to put some effort in it.
First, pull heels down and push toes up, so I walk "heel-toe", not "tip-toe-tup".
Next, I stretch behind my knees.  Get those legs straight, if you please.
Now move the legs out to the side. "V" shape...
or "O" shape, open wide.
I like play time on my belly.  Good for back and hips, you don't have to tell me.
Now stretching is done. I'm straight and tall. It felt so good.  I had a ball!

Roy G. Biv
This is my friend, Roy G. Biv.
He loves the colors in his name.
R is for red.
O is for orange.
Y is for yellow.
G is for green.
B is for blue.
I is for indigo.
V is for violet.
Roy likes all the colors of the rainbow.

Look!
Look!
Look at them skating on the ice.
Look at her running on the grass.
Look at her jumping up so high.
Look at them playing in the sand.
Look at her dancing in the street.
Look at all the fun things to do!

Cupcakes
Cupcakes topped with berries.
Cupcakes with candy toppings.
Cupcakes with fruit on top.
Cupcakes that have little girls sitting on them.
Cupcakes with colored marshmallows.
Cupcakes that have ice cream on top.
Cupcakes with Hello Kitty faces.
Cupcakes made just for Easter.
Cupcakes as a party decoration.
Cupcakes for a baby shower.
Cupcakes in pretty blue colors.
Cupcakes as a flower bouquet.
Cupcakes with strawberries on top.
Cupcakes for Valentine's Day.
Cupcakes with red and white M&Ms.
Cupcakes that look like worms.
Cupcakes that look scary.
Cupcakes that look like hamburgers.
Cupcakes sticking their tongues out.
Cupcakes with cartoon characters on top.
Cupcakes that look like dogs.
Cupcakes that look like flowers.
Cupcakes with a ducky on top.
Cupcakes with tons of pink sprinkles.
Cupcakes with a bee on top.
Cupcakes for a boy's baby shower.
Cupcakes with marine life on them.
Cupcakes that look like Sesame Street characters.
Cupcakes instead of a wedding cake.
Cupcakes with a cookie on top.
Cupcakes in pretty pastel colors.

Rainbows Everywhere
Reflected in the water.
On lips.
With candy.
After a rain.
Sprinkles on an ice cream.
In crazy lights.
On wooden beads.
In cereal.
In a group of glass beads.
On this girl's tights.
On this umbrella.
In this bag of candy.
With these balloons.
On these strips.
On her gloves.
On this castle.
In this group of feathers.
In this digital art.
On these cotton puffs.
In this painting.
In this group of clowns.
In these candy balls.
In these fireworks.
In these gem stones.

I Have Feelings
Happy
Sad
Upset
Mean
Silly
Joyful
Loving
Angry
Shy
Strange
Alone
Caring

I See a Blue...
Ball pit
Lake
Moon
Bottle
Sky
Door
Petal
Water
Wind funnel
Butterfly
Tunnel
Light
Heart
Background
Splash
Umbrella
Leaf
Robot
Bird
Shell

I Spy (The Purse Guts Version)
I spy a Glamour magazine.
I spy a pink
hand held video game.
I spy two bottles.
I spy Hello Kitty's face.
I spy lip gloss.
I spy a white hand held video game.
I spy a cell phone.
I spy a bicycle lock.
I spy markers.
I spy an iPod.
I spy a bottle of water.
I spy a crab.
I spy a work ID.
I spy a heart.
I spy a yellow bottle.
I spy six buttons.
I spy a flashlight.
I spy a glue stick.
I spy a sunglass case.
I spy an Uno deck.
I spy a spoon.
I spy a passport.
I spy a hairbrush.
I spy Chapstick.

Thanksgiving Time
November is Thanksgiving time.
The air is crisp. The trees are colorful.
We say thank you for all we have on Thanksgiving.
So many delicious foods mark the day.
We gather with friends and family.
Many people watch a parade with large balloons on TV.
Turkey is the star today.
Yum...pumpkin pie is a tradition.
As Thanksgiving Day ends, we look forward to...
the winter holidays.

See What Elmo Can Do
Elmo sees you.
Elmo can jump.
Elmo can type on the computer.
Elmo can talk to friends.
Elmo looks at the lights.
Elmo walks down the stairs.
Elmo crosses the street.
Elmo covers his eyes.
Elmo rode the merry-go-round.
Elmo took a shower.
Elmo goes potty.
Elmo reads a book.
Elmo sits in the chair.
Elmo sits at the table.
Elmo waits at the corner.
Elmo hugs his friend.
Elmo tells a story.
Elmo waves to the family.
Elmo asks for help.
Elmo waits to cross the street.

Penguin Song
I'm a little penguin in the cold.  Stout and fluffy, I'm quite bold!
I can't fly, but I love to swim.  So I'll waddle to the water and dive right in.
I'm a little penguin, I eat fish.  Yummy, yummy.  What a dish!
I wear a suit that's black and white.  So I'm always dressed and look just right.

I Know My ABC's
A is for alligator.
B is for baby.
C is for car.
D is for dog.
E is for egg.
F is for feather.
G is for glove.
H is for hat.
I is for ice.
J is for jacks.
K is for kite.
L is for lollipop.
M is for moon.
N is for nose.
O is for octopus.
P is for plane.
Q is for question.
R is for robot.
S is for star.
T is for tape.
U is for umbrella.
V is for violin.
W is for whale.
X is for x-ray.
Y is for yo-yo.
Z is for zamboni.

Guess How Many?
49 pigeonholes.
97 olive pits.
22 hearts.
72 grapes.
59 pencils.
74 letters.
51 bobbins.
89 peas.
60 windows.
77 cookies.
57 coins.
76 dolls.
46 crayons.
34 peach pits.
29 push pins.
16 pens.
33 horses.
45 Legos.
58 mugs.
78 nuts.
36 tomatoes.
80 pipes.
10 keys.
38 books.

If You're Happy
If you're happy,
and you know it,
clap your hands.
CLAP!
CLAP!
If you're happy,
and you know it,
clap your hands.
CLAP!
CLAP!
If you're happy,
and you know it,
then your face,
will surely show it.
If you're happy,
and you know it,
clap your hands.
CLAP!
CLAP!

Candy, Candy, Everywhere
I love candy.
Skittles.
Jelly Bellys.
Peanut Butter Cups.
M&Ms.
Candy Hearts.
Chocolate Cherries.
Suckers.
Pink Cupcakes.
Candy Coated Apples.
Rainbow Twizzlers.
Nerds.
Gummy Bears.
Ribbon Candy.
Gumdrops.
Peeps.
Candy Corn.
Dots.
Peppermint Puffs.
Twisted Lollipops.
Robins Eggs.
Mentos.
Kit Kat.
Gumballs.
Pixie Sticks.
Kisses.
Lifesavers.
Gingerbread House.

Let's Play "I Spy" at Lunchtime
I spy crackers.
I spy green grapes.
I spy carrots.
I spy three cheese people.
I spy strawberries.
I spy a square.
I spy a smiling strawberry.
I spy hot dog pieces.
I spy three stars.
I spy two cats.
I spy two animals.
I spy two faces.
I spy pineapple chunks.
I spy meat rolls.
I spy two triangles.
I spy cantaloupe.
I spy goldfish.
I spy peas.
I spy peach chunks.
I spy sausage.
I spy two muffins.
I spy apples pieces.
I spy half a sandwich.
I spy carrot slices.
I spy three faces.
I spy a banana.
I spy blueberries.
I spy an egg.
I spy a bagel.
I spy a burrito.
I spy a heart.
We spy you!

Types of Work
Types of Work
There are many different kinds of work that I can do.
I can work in a workshop.
I can work in a kitchen.
I can work in a store.
I can work as an artist.
I can work as a custodian.
I can work as a cashier.
I can work with people.
I can work with animals.
I can work with money.
I can work with food.
But no matter what I do, it's important that I love my work!

I Love Shoes
I love shoes with hearts.
I love shoes with pretty jewels.
I love shoes that are red.
I love shoes that are shiny black.
I love shoes like red Mary Janes.
I love shoes that are blue.
I love shoes that look like fish.
I love shoes that are pink.
I love shoes that are pretty.
I love shoes with a special meaning.
I love shoes that are pointy.
I love shoes like this wall of Crocs.
I love shoes that look like leopards.
I love shoes that have to be tied.
I love shoes with red bottoms.
I love shoes like these flats.
I love shoes that are platforms.
I love shoes that have straps.
I love shoes with roses.
I love shoes that keep my feet dry.
I love shoes that are high.
I love shoes with thick heels.
I love shoes that go to my thigh.
I love shoes with skinny heels.

All About Grandma and Grandpa Sidney
This is Grandma Sidney and Grandpa Sidney dressed up.
Sometimes, they wear Vikings jerseys to watch the game.
This is Grandma and Grandpa's house in winter.
This is their garden in summer.
Grandma and Grandpa's yard is huge and it's great to play out there.
This is Grandma's kitchen. She cooks up a storm.
Grandma makes turkey on Thanksgiving.
Grandpa and I LOVE baseball.
He helps me hit the ball and catch it.
Grandma even made me a birthday cake in the shapes of a bat and ball.
I like to climb the big trees in Grandma and Grandpa's yard.
Grandpa took me on a tour of the police station in Burnsville.
This is Grandpa in his Halloween costume.
Grandma LOVES hats!
Here I am on Grandma and Grandpa's patio with Uncle Doug.
They had a party for Doug's birthday.
I help Grandma and Grandpa decorate for Christmas.  They love Christmas and so do I!

Pinkie Pie Pony
Blue
Pink
White
Green
Orange
Yellow

Toys for Boys and Girls
My robot has wheels.
The man is on the dumper truck.
The train is in the station.
I make houses with Legos.
My doll has long hair.
The doll has pretty clothes.
My dinosaur can eat a dog.
I have a toy kitchen.
The toy boat is in the bath.
My plane is coming in to land.
The toy birds are in the garden.
This is a spaceship.
This car can go fast.
The toy cat is on the line.
The teddy bear is sad.

Thankful
What are you thankful for?
I am thankful for my family. We have fun together.
I am thankful for my cute dogs. I take them for walks.
I am thankful for my friends. We play fun games.
I am thankful for books.  I can read "The Cat in the Hat."
I am thankful for my bike.  I ride it to the park.
I am thankful for ice cream.  It is so...good!
What are you thankful for?

It's Time for Tar Heel Basketball
It's Late Night With Roy. He's coach of the Tar Heels.
Everybody is celebrating the start of the basketball season.
The players are dancing like Elvis.
It's the "Guitar Hero Dancers."
All of the players are dancing.
Coach Roy is dancing, too.
The girls play basketball first.
Then the boys play. Jump ball!
The cheerleaders are yelling, "Go Tar Heels!"
It's the blue and white teams playing.
Did anyone score?
It's a 3!
They're running back up the court.
They're playing basketball at the Dean Smith Center.
It's the 2010 North Carolina Tar Heels!
The SIX North Carolina National Championship banners. The Tar Heels are number 1!

Fantasy's Patterns
Patterns can grow bigger.
Patterns can be  numbers, letters, and colours.
We have patterns on our clothes.
Patterns have a core that repeats.
Patterns can be made from blocks.
Patterns can be numbers,  letters, and  colours.
Patterns are pretty.
Did you know that patterns  have rules?

Tyra's Patterns
Did you know that patterns are all around us?
Patterns can be numbers.
Patterns are on your clothes.
Patterns can be lights.
I wonder if patterns can get bigger.
Patterns can be decreasing and increasing.
All kinds of animals have patterns.
Patterns can add each time.
Patterns can be everywhere.
Your fingers have patterns in their fingerprints.

Emily's Patterns
Did you know patterns grow all around us?
There are patterns in nature.
We have them on our clothes.
We like patterns.
Patterns can grow bigger.
Patterns can be on girls and boys.
They can be colours.
They can be numbers.
They can be in pictures.
They can be time.
I  like patterns!

Jessica's Patterns
Did you know that patterns are everywhere?
We have patterns on our clothes.
Patterns are increasing.
Patterns are decreasing.
I wonder if patterns are in nature.
Each pattern has a pattern core.

Pibi's Patterns
Did you know patterns grow?
Sometimes we have them on our clothes.
I wonder if I will find a pattern in nature.
Letters can be patterns.
Patterns can be numbers, shapes or colours.
Dolls are patterns.
Cats are patterns.
Patterns are in hair.

Hownaz's Patterns
Did you know patterns are all around us?
Shapes can be found in patterns.
Some patterns can grow and some patterns can get smaller.
Patterns repeat colors.
I wonder if I can make a pattern with sounds or actions?
Patterns can be in clothing.
Fingers can have patterns.
Patterns can be in your name, too.
Patterns can be on a tablecloth.
I wonder if you can find patterns in walls.

Muhammad's Patterns
Did you know that patterns have different colours?
Maps can have patterns.
Some patterns are on our clothes.
Patterns can increase or decrease.
I wonder where I will find patterns in different shapes.
Some animals have patterns.

Dione's Patterns
Did you know patterns can be numbers?
Patterns are all around us.
Patterns can be in sounds.
They can be big or small.
Can you a see a pattern?
Patterns can be cool.

Susen's Patterns
Did you know that patterns are great?
Patterns are found in many things.
Sounds have patterns.
Letters can make patterns
Numbers can make patterns, too.
We find patterns in games.

Quannah's Patterns
Did you know patterns are all around?
Some patterns can be colours.
Patterns can be sounds.
One interesting thing is that there are increasing patterns.
I wonder if patterns can  be alive.

Diana's Patterns
Did you know patterns are all around us?
Patterns have rules.
Some patterns are increasing,
and some patterns are decreasing.
Patterns can be on your clothes.
I wonder if you can find a pattern in the pieces.
Patterns can be in your name, too.
Some patterns can  be  on flowers.
Patterns.

Jordan's Patterns
Patterns are all around us.
Patterns can be different.
Patterns can be extraordinary.
Patterns can be many things.
Patterns are amazing.

Ryan Likes...
Ryan likes ice cream with sparkles.
Ryan likes Smarties.
Ryan likes lollipops.
Ryan likes gummy bears the most.

Halloween
Halloween is October 31st.
Some people carve pumpkins.
Pumpkins become jack-o-lanterns.
The colors of Halloween are orange and black.
On Halloween, we visit a haunted house.
On Halloween, we dress up and say, "Trick or Treat!"
We like when we get candy.
BOO!

I Buy Ceiling Fans for Friends
Will wants a ceiling fan.
Buy Mom a ceiling fan.
Buy Mrs. Bazzy a ceiling fan.
Buy Dad a ceiling fan.
Buy Jim a ceiling fan.
Buy Nico a ceiling fan.
Buy Mom another ceiling fan.
Buy Mrs. Priebe a ceiling fan.
Buy Mom more and more fans!
Buy Dad another fan!
THE END

Emperor Penguin
Emperor penguins were founded 100 years ago.
They can hold their breath for 22 minutes under water.
When they want to have fun, they slide on their stomachs.
This is important for us to know...
because penguins live in Antarctica.

Polar Bear
Polar bears have lived in the Arctic for many years.
They can live in a cold place and they have thick fur.
They have big paws that look like snowshoes.
This is important for us to know...
because the polar bear lives in the tundra.

Rabbits of the Desert
The jack rabbit lives in the desert.
It eats mostly green plants and flowers.
The jack rabbit eats cactus.
This is important for us to know...
that snakes are in the desert,
and they eat rabbits.

Jaques Cartier
Jacques Cartier was born in St. Malo, France.
He was a navigator on a boat.
A navigator helps boats find their way.
He sailed to the Grand Banks near Newfoundland in the early 1500s.
He came to look for the Northwest Passage in 1534. It took 20 days to cross the Atlantic Ocean.
He met friendly Iroquois Indians. He gave them gifts.

Turkey!
I see two turkeys.
I see two turkeys at dusk.
The cats see turkeys.
I see turkey feathers.
I see a turkey with white feathers.
I see turkey pies.  Yum!

Hannah Montana Singer
I like Hannah Montana as a friend.
She is my sister's favorite singer.
My mom like singing Hannah Montana with me.
Me and my sisters like playing and singing.
"Pump Up the Party Now" is a good song.
Me and my sisters like jumping up and down for Hannah Montana.
We will rock.
Her boyfriend is weird.
The movie is my favorite, and I like to sing.
I like Hannah Montana.
I would do everything for her.

Today is Halloween
What costume do you want to wear?
Zach wants to be Superman for Halloween.
Jenna wants to be Snow White for Halloween.
Eugene wants to be Darth Vader for Halloween.
Vlad wants to be a knight for Halloween.
Phil wants to be Thomas the Tank Engine for Halloween.
The lovely lady teachers of the Soar Room are going to be black cats for Halloween.

Mr. Ghost Buster
We will get rid of ghosts.
That is cool because his chin is big and gross.
We are gonna shoot that ghost.
We will eat some marshmallows tonight.
I have never seen a white ghost.
She is beautiful.
The car is cool.
The blue lights make me sneeze.

Bald Eagle
The bald eagle is one of the most vibrant birds.
The foods it eats are meat and other animals.
The bald eagle is becoming an endangered creature.
The bald eagle is important to know about...
because it helps us to save them from getting killed.

Halloween Scary Stories
The ghosts come out at night.
The eyeballs come out at night.
The witches ride broomsticks at night.
The monsters are scary at night.
The skeleton is made out of bones.
The wolf howls at the moon at night.

What Ced Likes...
I like to go to Game Stop.
I like the Naruto Show.
I like Lil Jon's music.
I love video games.
I like wrestling.
I like CiCi's pizza.
I like the Inuyasha Show.
I like Halloween.

Tell-Tale Heart: Pure Evil
The narrator hates the old man's vulture eye.
For 7 days, he watched the old man sleep.
The narrator kills the old man.
The narrator cuts the old man up and puts him under the floor.
The police show up because a neighbor heard a scream!
The narrator hears the beating heart while being questioned.
He feels guilty and confesses.

Happy!!!!!
Happy!
Snow White is happy!
Being outside makes us feel happy!
Animals make us feel happy!
Holidays make us feel happy!

The Class Trip to the Pumpkin Patch
We are going to the pumpkin patch.
They have pumpkins.
She has a pumpkin in the bag.
I am holding a pumpkin.
She has a pumpkin in her hand and a camera around her neck.
We had fun on the hayride!

Kaley Grace Prejean
Hi, my name is Kaley Grace Prejean.
I love dogs. I have one dog.
I love cats.
I have one sister.  Her name is Malayna.
We love to catch frogs.

My Airlines
I like to fly airplanes.
I would take long trips sometimes.
I would usually take nonstop trips.
I would take shorter trips sometimes.
I would usually take flights up to 16 hours.
I would make the announcements.
I would talk when we land.
I would drive the airplane.
I would fly on every single aircraft.
I would fly from North America to Europe.
I would fly across North America by domestic air.
This is how I would fly an airplane.

I Love  Beads
I like colorful beads.
Shiny, bright, colorful beads. Red, yellow, green, blue, purple, orange, brown, silver and gold.
I like dark colored beads, too.
Long strings of beads are best.  You can twirl them in your hand.
Here is a pot of beads that have not been put on a string yet.
These beads are strung together in long chains.
I hope somebody makes strings out of these beads.
I keep beads in my pockets to help me relax.

What Am I Doing?
What am I doing?
I am running.
I am jumping.
I am swimming.
I am crying.
I am swinging.
I am eating.
I am sleeping.
I am reading.

Black Beauty
Black Beauty is my favorite storybook.
The book is about a beautiful horse.
Black Beauty lived in a horse barn in England.
Black Beauty has a friend named Ginger.
This is Black Beauty pulling a cart.
The driver pulls on the reins to make Black Beauty go.
This is Ginger eating grass.
Black Beauty can run really fast.
I have read Black Beauty many times.  I love the story.

Dogs
This dog is running.
Two dogs on the beach.
This dog is running fast.
This dog is jumping in the water.
This dog is looking at pictures.

Caterpillars!
Here's what we know about caterpillars.
The butterfly lays eggs.
The caterpillar comes from an egg.
The caterpillar eats a lot of leaves...
and eats more leaves...
and more leaves.
Then it splits its skin.
The caterpillar makes a chrysalis and stays in there for about 2 weeks.
Then a butterfly comes out of the chrysalis.
The butterfly likes warm weather and goes to warm places in the winter.

Moths!!!!
Moths!
Moths move at night.
Moths have dull colors.
Moths have big bodies.
Moths make cocoons from silk.
Some moths  never eat.
When a moth lands, its wings are open.

Dan's Pumpkin Story
This is a school bus.
This is a pumpkin.
This is a jack-o-lantern.
This is a plastic pumpkin.

Butterflies
Here's what we learned about butterflies!
Butterflies move around during the day.
Butterflies have bright colors.
Butterflies have smaller, skinnier bodies and thinner antennae.
The butterfly closes its wings when it lands.
Butterflies eat nectar from flowers and fruit.
There are many kinds of butterflies: skippers, swallowtails, swordtails, coppers, and much more.
The chrysalis is made from the butterfly's old skin.

Our Trip to Miller's Farm
We rode the school bus.
We went to the pumpkin patch.
We saw lots of pumpkins.
We will carve our pumpkin.

Seat Belts
Seat Belts
Seat belts are very important.
They keep us safe.
When we get into the van, the first thing we do is put on our seat belts.
If I need help with my seat belt, I can say, "Seat belt, please."
Somebody will come and help me with the buckle.
Now I am safe.

Veteran's Day
On November 11, we celebrate Veterans Day.
Veterans serve in the military.
Men and women in the military protect our country.
They travel all over the world to protect our freedom.
On Veterans Day, we honor them with parades,
flags,
and flowers.
Remember the veterans on Veterans Day.

Autumn Changes
In autumn, some things change.
In autumn, it starts to get colder.
In autumn, some birds fly south for the winter.
In autumn, I can see many colors.
In autumn, some trees turn red.
In autumn, some trees turn yellow.
In autumn, some trees turn orange.
In autumn, some leaves turn brown.
In autumn, some trees stay green.
In autumn, some trees lose all their leaves.
They fall to the ground.
I can play in the leaves.
They make a crunching sound.
I like the changes in autumn.

Working at the Car Wash
I go to Will's Car Wash.
Water sprays the car.
Water on the walls.
Here is the big brush.`
Brushes go around.
Brushes go fast!
Soap ribbons wash the car.
Soap makes swirls.
Rinse off the soap.
Clouds of water.
Water on the windows.
Dry the car with big wind.
Water blows off.
Goodbye, Will's Car Wash!

Variables
Variables
An independent variable is what is changed in the experiment.
A dependent variable is what is observed in the experiment.
A constant variable is what is kept the same during an experiment.

My Favorite Artist
Soulja Boy is a good rapper.
I am a great fan of Chris Brown,
and Bow Wow.
I like Lil Wayne.
50 Cent sings good songs.
I want to meet Akon.
Neyo's music is special.
Micheal Jackson, we miss you!!

Terrill Family
I love my family.
We like pizza.
We go to church.
I play the drums.
I sing in the choir.
Jesus was nailed on the cross.

Who I Like...
I like Usher songs.
I like Beyonce's songs and dances.
I love Chris Brown songs.
I like Lil' Bow Wow songs.
I like Lil' Wayne.
I like Michael Jackson songs.

Chris Likes to...
I want to dance.
I like shopping at Tallahassee Mall.
I love to go on my dad's big boat.
I swim at the beach.
My family goes to the beaches.
I like to fish.
I love New York City.

Ni Hao, Kai-lan
My favorite TV show is Ni Hao, Kai-lan.
This is Kai-lan.
She speaks English and Chinese.
Mr. Sun wakes up Kai-lan every day.
This is Ye Ye.
He is Kai-lan's grandpa.
Tolee is a koala bear.
He loves pandas.
Rintoo is a tiger on the show.
He does the tiger, tiger roar with Kai-lan.
Lulu is a rhino.
She likes to dance.
Hoho is a monkey.
He is my favorite character.
The ants play with Kai-lan and her friends.
I want the Nia Hao Kai-lan DS game.

Pocahontas
Pocahontas
Pocahontas was born in 1595. The land where she was born is now Virginia.
She was the daughter of Powhatan, an Indian chief.
Pocahontas saved the life of Captain John Smith when she was 12 years old.
Pocahontas was a peacemaker between the Indians and the English settlers.
Pocahontas married John Rolfe.
Pocahontas traveled to England as the "Indian Princess."

My Dream Vacation
I want to  go to Orlando.
I want to see Mickey & Minnie.
I want  to see 
Donald  Duck.
I want to see Goofy.
I want to stay in the castle.
I want to dance at Disney World.

The Animal Book
Animals to count.
One cat.
Two ducks.
Three animals.
Four dolphins.
Five raccoons.
Six birds.
Seven snow dogs.
Eight cows with horns.
Nine geese.
Ten bats.
Many animals to count.

Gentle Hands, Gentle Feet
I have gentle hands.
Gentle hands feel soft, like petting a kitty.
I have gentle feet.
Gentle feet feels light, like dancing on air.
I use my hands to play.
I use my feet to jump.
I am in control of my hands.
I am in control of my feet.
My whole class is happy when I have gentle hands and feet.

My Family
My family is good.
I love my family.
My family likes to shop.
We shop at Walmart.
My family likes to travel.
We travel to Atlanta.
My family likes to eat out.
We eat at Red Lobster.
My family likes church.
We sing at church.

What Dekendra Likes...
I like Micheal Jackson.
I like Prince.
I like Akon.
I like Plies.
I like Grand Theft Auto.
I like Home Depot.
I like ceiling fans.

Starting Secondary School
Starting Secondary School
What is in your schoolbag?
New friends.
We will use a computer.
We will play music.
We will learn about the universe.
We can learn math.
We will draw pictures.
We can learn to cook.
We can learn to sew.
We can cheer for our team.
We can dance.
We can write stories.
We can learn about our bodies.
We can learn about wind energy.
We can learn about the weather.
We can learn about Egypt and the pyramids.
We can learn about gravity.
We can play soccer.
Some people can run.
We can play basketball.
We can play volleyball.
We are tired at the end of the day.

Car Accidents
One day you might get in a car accident.
You might panic, but try to stay calm.
Stop your car immediately.
Warn others by turning on your hazard lights.
If someone is hurt, get them help by calling 911.
See a doctor later to check for injuries.
Give information about yourself and your insurance company to the other driver.
If the accident is someone's fault, they might have to pay a fine.
They could also go to jail or lose their license.
Driving carefully and paying attention can help you avoid accidents.

Brent Likes Cars
I like cars.
I like blue cars.
I like red cars.
I like green cars.
I like black cars.
I like yellow cars.

Halloween
Halloween is on October 31.
Many people decorate with pumpkins.
Some people carve their pumpkins into jack-o-lanterns.
Kids dress up in costumes on Halloween.
Candy corn is a popular Halloween candy.

Where We Live
Where is your home?
We live on Earth.
We live in North America.
We live in the United States.

Transportation Systems
There are different kinds of transportation.
Trains carry people and freight.
Airplanes carry people and freight.
Trucks carry freight.
This ship carries freight in containers.
Some ships carry people.
What kinds of transportation have you used?

Money
We have money.
We can buy things on credit.
We earn a paycheck.
Some people get a paycheck once a week. Other people get paid two times a month.
We can spend our money at the mall.
We can spend our money at the grocery store.
If we have a car, we have to spend money on gas.
We have to wash our clothes.  We might spend money at the laundromat.
We can spend money on clothes.
We can save our money to spend it later.
People can invest their money in company stocks.
What will you do with your money?

Liam Likes...
Liam loves trains.
Liam likes Thomas the Train.
Liam likes blueberry pancakes.
He loves watching firetrucks.
But he loves trains best of all.

Graham's Motorcyle
My motorcycle is a loud one.
My motorcycle is very fast.
My fast, loud, motorcycle is blue.
I want to drive my motorcycle to New York.
My mom will ride on the back of my motorcycle.
We will put my motorcycle on an airplane.
Then, we will fly to Hawaii.

My Morning at School
School.
First, I get off the bus.
Next, I hang up my backpack.
Then, I eat breakfast.
Finally, it is time for my day to begin!!!

The Camel
The camel lives in the dry desert.
The camel can go up to 10 months without food or water.
The camel is used as a pet in North Africa.
This is important to know because...
they are part of the food chain.

The Jack Rabbit
Black tailed rabbits have very big ears and their eyes wide open.
The black tailed rabbit has a brown tail.
The black tailed rabbit does not build nests to have their babies.
This is important to know because they can be found in a biome.

Noninfectious Diseases
Noninfectious diseases are diseases that are not caused by germs.
Noninfectious diseases can be caused by the environment, family history of disease, or lifestyle choices.
Noninfectious diseases cannot be passed from person to person.
Noninfectious diseases can be things like diabetes, allergies, asthma, cancer or heart disease.
Noninfectious diseases can last for a long time.
Some noninfectious diseases can be cured but not all.

The Ocean
This is the ocean.
Many fish are in the ocean.
Sea otters are in the ocean.
Jellies are in the ocean.
People swim in the ocean.
Boats travel in the ocean.
I like the ocean.

Halloween is Fun!
Halloween is candy!
Halloween is jack-o-lanterns.
Halloween is carving pumpkins.
Halloween is monsters.
Halloween is ghosts.
Halloween is trick or treating.
Halloween is candy apples.

Sarah
My name is Sarah.
I like to use the computer.
I like Disney.
I like "The Little Mermaid."
I like "Beauty and the Beast."
I go to school. I am in the 9th grade.
I like my cooking class.
We get to eat what we cook.
We had a fashion show at my school. I was in it. It was a lot of fun.

Rattlesnake
Snakes in the desert come out in the morning and at night.
People do not see snakes in the desert.
Rattlesnakes eat mice rats and birds.
It is very important to...
know that snakes are in the desert.

History of Earth
By Kawyanda Prather
Planet Earth is a cool planet.
Earth is made up of 3 chemical layers.
The layers are the crust, mantle and core.
All the layers are special because they have different chemical compositions.
The crust is the outer layer.
It is the thinnest layer. It makes up less than 1% of the Earth’s mass.
The core is in the inner layer.
Scientists say that consists mostly of iron and contains some nickel, but no oxygen.
Planet Earth is a cool planet.
It has 5 physical layers lithosphere, astenosphere, mesosphere, outer core and inner core.
All the layers are important, but the lithosphere is divided into pieces called tectonic plates.
The Earth's crust (lithosphere) moves and floats causing continental drift, earthquakes, volcanoes, and mountains.
A tectonic plate is like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle.
Planet Earth is a cool planet because…
it is our home!

Black Bear
The black bear is the smallest bear in the forest.
The nose of the black bear is light brown or tan.
The black bear eats animals.
The black bear eats plants.
We have forests in Georgia that the black bear can visit.

Reindeer
The reindeer has hooves and antlers.
The hooves are on the bottom of the leg and help the animal to dig for food.
They can be called caribou.
It is important for us to know...
that all reindeer are in the same family.

I Like Pumpkins
I like pumpkins!
I like all kinds of pumpkins.
I like scary pumpkins.
I like silly pumpkins.
I like small pumpkins.
I like big pumpkins.
I even like pumpkin cookies!
I like pumpkins. Do you?

Evergreen Trees
Most evergreens like full sun or shade.
Evergreen refers to trees that normally keep their needles throughout the winter.
Most evergreens benefit from adding water  during dry times.
You can learn to take care of an evergreen tree in  Colorado.
You can learn to take care of an Evergreen tree  in Georgia.

Our Trip to Maryland
Our family went to Maryland last fall.
We took a train trip into the city.
Chris tried on a crab hat. Silly man!
On no!  We're going to crash!
On Sunday, we went to the Renn Fest.
Sam proposed to Crystal.
We ate lots of food on a stick.

Thanksgiving
Tom the Turkey.
Pumpkin pie 
for dessert.
All about pumpkins.
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
Fall gourds.

Polar Bear
It has white fur, a black nose pad, lips and eyes.
It has very small ears, a long neck and long legs.
The male is larger than the female.
It is important to know about...
the animals in the tundra.

Cells
All living things are made up of cells.
Cells can be very small.  Some cells are so small you need a microscope to see them.
Some living things are made of only one cell.
Other living things are made up of many cells.
There are different kinds of cells.
There are plant cells and animal cells.
Plants are made up of plant cells.
Humans and animals are made up of animal cells.
Each cell has a special job within your body.
You are made up of many cells that work together like a team to keep you alive so you can do the things you like to do.

What Does A Healthy Body  Mean?
It means being happy.
It means eating good foods instead of junk food.
It means walking instead of sitting all day.
It means going to the doctor and dentist.
It means getting a lot of sleep.
If you don't get a lot of sleep,
you can get sick.
You would not know what's going on in school.
By making good choices you can be healthy, too!

Weather Days
This is lightning.
This is a rainbow.
It is raining today.
Today is sunny.
This is the Moon.
This is the beach.
Clouds are in the sky.
Balloons are in the sky.

The Pumpkin Patch
The Pumpkin Patch
It's autumn.  The days are cool and crisp.
Drive down the dirt road to the pumpkin patch.
Look! The pumpkins are ready to be picked!
So many to choose from!  Which one should we pick?
How about two pumpkins?
We have to pay the farmer for them.
Now let's take them home.
What should we do with our pumpkin?
We could carve a silly face.
We could make a delicious pie.
We could cook the seeds.
Have you ever felt pumpkin guts before?
Ewww! Squishy!
What a fun fall day!

Frankenstein
Frankenstein and his friends.
Frankenstein was created by a mad scientist.
Frankenstein has bolts in his neck to get shocked.
Auuuuuugggghh!!
I want to be Frankenstein for Halloween.

Five Little Ladybugs
Five little ladybugs sitting in a tree.
The first one said,"I'm glad I'm me!"
The second one said, "I feel great, too."
The third one said, "How about you?"
The fourth one said, "It's time to fly away."
The fifth one said, "We'll talk another day."

Abraham Lincoln
Abraham Lincoln
Abraham Lincoln was born in Kentucky.
Abraham Lincoln was born in a log cabin.
Abraham Lincoln taught himself how to read.
Abraham Lincoln was a lawyer.
Abraham Lincoln was the 16th President of the United States of America.
Abraham Lincoln wrote the Emancipation Proclamation.
Abraham Lincoln's picture is on the penny.
The Lincoln Memorial was built to honor Abraham Lincoln.
Abraham Lincoln is known as "Honest Abe."

Fenanda's ABC Book
A is for ant.
B is for ball.
C is for cat.
D is for duck.
E is for elephant.
F is for fish.
G is for goat.
H is for hand.
I is for ice cream.
J is for jump.
K is for kiss.
L is for Lego.
M is for milk.
N is for nose.
O is for orange.
P is for pumpkin.
Q is for quarters.
R is for rooster.
S is for shoes.
T is for turtle.
U is for umbrella.
V is for vet.
W is for water.
X is for x-ray.
Y is for yarn.
Z is for zebra.

Phillip Loves Cars
I love a Grand Prix.
I like dashboard lights at night time.
Orange-red lights are my favorite.
This is a Saturn.
It cannot start!
This looks like the Saturn I ride home from school in.
I love cars!

Uber China
by Zurawell's class
China has many festivals. One of them is the Festival of Lights.
Chinese people celebrate the dragon. It is a sign of good luck.
The lunar calendar is important in China. It tells you what animal you are depending on when you were born.
These are giant pandas. They live in bamboo forests. They also eat bamboo, which is a type of grass.
China has lush valleys and very large mountains.
The Great Wall of China is over 4,000 miles long. It is 2,000 years old.
The Chinese were the first to use gunpowder, cloth, silk, compasses and kites.
There are 1.3 billion people in China!

Thomas the Train
Thomas the Train is on the way!
Thomas is helping the babies at home!
Thomas is a great friend. He is always careful on the track.
The conductor says, "Get on board!"
Toot, toot! Here we go!
Thanks, Thomas!

Buzz Lightyear
Buzz Lightyear is my favorite!
Oooh, it is so dark. What will Buzz do?
Woody and Buzz hit the streets.
To infinity and beyond!
Buzz Lightyear is my hero!
I am getting ready to take off. Watch me!
Buzz has saved the day!
Buzz Lightyear is my friend!

Friends
Clifford and Mouse meet. The two of them are friends.
Mouse rides.
Mouse and Clifford play.
Clifford and Mouse read.
Mouse and Clifford paint.
Mouse and Clifford learn their abc's.
Mouse and Clifford talk.
Mouse and Clifford draw.
Mouse and Clifford write.
Becky has Mouse and Clifford.
The boy has Clifford and Mouse.

The Letter E Book
This is an elephant. It is gray.
These are elbows.
These are eggs. Eggs come from chickens.
This is an eagle. An eagle can fly.
This is an eraser.
This is an envelope.

The Letter G Book
This is a giraffe.  He is tall.
This is a gorilla.  He is black.
This is a gate. It can open and close.
These are geese. One is called a goose.
These are grapes.  They can be purple or green.
This is gum. Gum is great.
This is a girl. She is young.
This is a guitar.  It has strings.
This is a goat. He eats grass.

To Grow a Sunflower
What do you need to grow a sunflower?
Water.
Soil.
Sunlight.
Tell the 3 things you need to grow a sunflower.
Water.
Soil.
Sunlight.
That's right!

Bacterial Disease
Bacteria causes about half of all human diseases.
Bacteria can enter the body through openings, such as your eyes, mouth and nose.
Bacteria especially likes to enter our bodies through open cuts.
Food and drinks can transport bacteria into our bodies.
The effect of bacteria on the human population has changed over the past 100 years.
Improvements have been made in public health, nutrition, and the quality of our water.
New antibiotics have been used to kill bacteria.
These improvements have lowered the death rate.
As a result, people are living longer.

What do Animals Eat?
All animals, including humans, need food to survive.
What type of food do you eat?
Do you eat meat?
Do you eat plants, like fruits and vegetables?
Animals eat all different types of foods.
Animals are sorted into different categories depending on the type of foods they eat.
Some animals only eat meat. These animals  are called carnivores.
Lions are carnivores that live on land.
Great white sharks are carnivores that live in the water.
Some animals eat meat and plants. Animals that eat both plants and meat are called omnivores.
Pigs are omnivores that live on land.
Sea otters are omnivores that live by the water.
Some animals only eat plants. These animals are called herbivores.
Deer are herbivores that live on land.
Fish are herbivores that live in the water.
Animals are also classified into two other groups: predators and prey.
Animals are predators when they are hunting for food to eat.
Animals are prey when they are being attacked or eaten by a predator.
Animals switch between being the predator and the prey.
When a snake is hunting for a rat, the snake is the predator and the rat is the prey.
When a bird is eating a snake, the bird is the predator and the snake is the prey.

Food Chains
Do you like to play on the playground?
Do you like to play games?
Do you like to laugh with your friends?
Yes, you do? Then you are going to need energy.
Living things get their energy from food.
We can see how living things get their food by looking at food chains.
Living things are separated into 3 different categories on food chains: producers, consumers, and  decomposers.
Plants are called producers because they make their own food.
Plants get energy from food that they make from sunlight, carbon dioxide and water.
Animals cannot make their own food.
Animals are called consumers because they eat plants and other animals.
Some living things neither make their own food nor eat other living things. These living things are called decomposers.
Decomposers eat things that are dead and decaying. Bacteria and fungi are decomposers.
Living things are a part of different food chains depending on where they live.
There are food chains for living things that live in the ocean.
In an ocean food chain, plants like algae and kelp are producers.
Animals like fish, sharks, and seals are the consumers.
Bacteria found all over are the decomposers.
There are also food chains for living things that live on land.
In a forest food chain, plants like trees and wildflowers are the producers.
Animals like squirrels, bears and deer are the consumers.
Bacteria and fungi, such as mushrooms, are the decomposers.

Greece, Rome, West Africa
This is Greece. Greece is next to the country called Turkey.
The people that live in Greece are Grecian.
Greece has many mountains and islands.
Santorini is a volcano in Greece.
This is Rome. Rome is a city in Italy.
The people who live in Rome are Italians.
Rome is located on a river.
Rome has lots of hills.
This is West Africa.
West Africa is a combination of 16 countries.
People who live in West Africa are African.
West Africa has many plains.
West Africa has deserts.

Americans
Americans!
Many people live in America.
Americans have ancestors who came from all over the world to live in America.
Not everyone in America celebrates the same holidays.
People who live in America may have different traditions.
All of these different people make up the United States of America.
Americans may come from different backgrounds but are united together.
The Constitution and Bill of Rights were written to give each American rights and freedoms.
In America, we have a republican form of government. This brings us all together.

In the Fall
Leaves change color.
Leaves fall down.
Moms bake pie.
Dads rake leaves.
Kids jump in leaves.
Kids carve pumpkins.
People wear coats.

I'm Stressed!
Are you stressed?
Do you have a funny feeling in your stomach?
If you do, you might be stressed.
Are you breathing fast?
If you are, you might be stressed.
Is your heart beating hard and fast?
If it is, you might be stressed.
So, I'm stressed.  What can I do?
Make a schedule for doing homework and chores.
Do something you enjoy, like dancing.
Make a list of things you need to get done.
Talk to someone about why you are stressed.
You can listen to music, read, and just relax.
Remember that you are not alone!

Vacuum Cleaners
Many people use vacuum cleaners.
Moms use vacuum cleaners.
Dads use vacuum cleaners.
Children use vacuum cleaners.
Where will they use the vacuum cleaner?
They use it to clean the car.
Where are they going now?
Look out for all the vacuum cleaners!
Who will use the vacuum cleaner now?

Preditor vs. Prey
Predators are attackers and killers.
Prey are animals that are attacked and killed.
Predator.
Prey.
Predator.
Prey.
Predator.
Prey.
Predator.
Prey.

Parts of a Story
I can learn about the parts of a story.
I can learn about characters.
There are many different types of characters.
Ruby Bridges' character is brave.
Harry Potter's character is loyal.
Cesar Chavez's character is strong.
Characters are people and how they think and behave.
I can learn about setting.
The city is a setting.
The country is a setting.
A future world is a setting.
Setting is a place where the story happens.
Now I know about characters and setting. These are parts of a story.

Patterns in the Sky
What are patterns in the sky?
People in ancient cultures connected stars into patterns.
They named sections of the sky based on these patterns.
These patterns are called constellations.
Each constellation shares a border with neighboring constellations.
As the Earth revolves around the Sun, the locations of the constellations change from season to season.
Understanding the location and movement of constellations helped people navigate and keep track of time.
Today different cultures still interpret the sky in different ways,
but astronomers have agreed on the names and locations of the constellations.

Doug's Patterns
Did you know patterns can be made from blocks?
One interesting fact is there are patterns in nature.
Patterns can be numbers, letters or colors.
Patterns have a core. They can repeat, increase or decrease.
When am I going to see my next pattern?
Patterns are a good fact.
I want to see my next pattern.
Colors are a good pattern fact.
Cars designs are so colourful.
Mustangs are colourful, too.
Monster trucks are so colourful, too.

Susen's Patterns
Did you know that patterns are everywhere?
They can be colours.
They can be shapes.
Patterns can repeat.

Band
I can learn about music in band class.
I can learn about instruments in band class.
This is a cello.
This is an electric guitar.
This is a trumpet.
This is a flute.
This is a drum set.
This is a bass drum.  I play the bass drum in band.
This is a conductor.  The conductor leads the band.
When the band is ready, we will play a concert.
Now I know about music and band.

Cobwebs
Cobwebs are white.
Cobwebs are soft.
Spiders make interesting cobwebs.
Cobwebs are large and small.
Spiders trap insects in their cobwebs.
Cobwebs are scary.

I Love Meow
Meow is my cat.
Meow has whiskers.
Whiskers tickle.
Some kitties are white.
But Meow looks like this.
When I come home from school, Meow is waiting for me.
Meow likes to play.
I love Meow.

I Love to Work with Tools
Christian uses the drill.
Chad helping Christian.
Taking down the old towel holder.
Showing us the new towel holder.
Drilling the holes.
Putting up the new holder.
Sue is watching Christian help.
Filling the soap dispenser.
Tyler watching Christian work.
Christian and Chad are finished!

The Truth About Bats
Bats are not birds.  They are the only mammals that can fly.
Bats hang upside down when they are sleeping or cleaning themselves.
Some bats eat fruit.  Other bats eat insects.
But this vampire bat drinks blood from animals. He lives in Latin America.
When it gets cold, some bats fly to warmer places.  That is called migration.
Other bats sleep in caves all winter.  That is called hibernation.
Colonies of bats roost in trees, caves and under bridges.
Bats can be very small or large.  The largest bat is the flying fox.
Baby bats are called pups.  A bunch of pups together is called a nursery.
Bats are harmless to people.  They are gentle.   Bats do not want to hurt people.
People should help bats because they help kill pesky bugs.

A Pumpkin is...
A Pumpkin is..
A pumpkin is orange.
A pumpkin is a fruit.
A pumpkin is happy.
A pumpkin is a jack-o-lantern.
A pumpkin is big.
A pumpkin is used to make pumpkin pie.
A pumpkin is able to light up.
A pumpkin can be carved.
A pumpkin is food.
A pumpkin is yummy.
A pumpkin can be bought at a pumpkin patch.
A pumpkin grows on a vine.
A pumpkin is candy.
A pumpkin is round.
A pumpkin grows from a seed.
A pumpkin has a flower.

About Trucks
This is an old Ford sitting in the middle of a pasture.
This is an old Studebaker all rusted out.
This is probably a Dodge tow truck.
Here is another Dodge. This one is a flatbed.
This looks like a flatbed Chevy.
This is an old European truck.
This is an old Ford out in the middle of nowhere.
This truck was new when my gramdpa was a boy.
This is a truck sculpture.
I think this is a Ford.
Here is a truck with a broken down bed.
Out in the field again.
This one looks like it got pulled out of the river.
This is a monster truck.

Fruits
Apple.
Strawberry.
Banana.
Cantaloupe.
Blueberries.
Grapes.
Oranges.
Watermelon.
Peach.
Pineapple.
Plums.
Cherries.

Birthday Party for Devon
Today is my birthday!
I am so excited because it's my birthday!
I am going to have a birthday party with my family!
I want a Bakugan for my birthday!
I am eight years old.
Happy birthday to me!!!!

Halloween
What do we see on Halloween?
I see the haunted house on Halloween.
I see the witch on Halloween.
I see the jack-o'-lantern on Halloween.
I see the candy on Halloween.
I see the skeleton on Halloween.
I see the bat on Halloween.
I see the falling leaves on Halloween.
There is so much to see on Halloween!

Pumpkin Eyes
Triangles.
Stars.
Squares.
Circles.
Many shapes!

Cells, Cells, Cells
Cells
All living things are made of cells.
Plants are made of cells.
Animals are made of cells.
Humans are made of cells.
I can use a microscope to look at cells.
These are plant cells. They come from an onion.
These are animal cells. They come from a mouse.
These are human cells. They come from a woman.
Cells have many different parts.
Cells can make new cells.
There is a lot to learn about cells.

Heat and Heat Transfer
I can learn about heat.
Heat comes from the sun.
Heat comes from the Earth.
Heat comes from fire.
Heat comes from the stove.
When heat moves, it is called heat transfer.
When I touch something hot, this is heat transfer (conduction).
When candy melts in my hand, this is heat transfer (conduction).
When I feel steam, this is heat transfer (convection).
When I boil water, this is heat transfer (convection).
When I feel heat from the sun, this is heat transfer (radiation).
When I use the microwave, this is heat transfer (radiation).
Now I know about heat transfer!

Traits
A trait is something you get from your parents.
A trait decides what you look like.
Hair color is a trait.
Eye color is a trait.
Freckles are a trait.
Curly hair is a trait.
If your mom has red hair, you might too!
If your mom has blue eyes, you might too!
If your mom has freckles, you might too!
If your mom has curly hair, you might too!
Do you have any traits from your mom or dad?

Food Groups
This is a story about food groups.
These fruits are part of the fruits and vegetable group.
This is a tomato.
These vegetables are a part of the fruit and vegetable group.
This is an egg and it's a part of the milk and dairy group.
These are cheeses and are also a part of the milk and dairy group.
Milk is another part of the milk  and dairy group.
Milk comes from cows.
These are grains and they are a part of the bread and grains group.
This is grain before it is harvested.
Grain also produces bread.
Pasta is another product of the grain group.
The next food group is meats, nuts, and fish group.
Beans are a part of the meats, nuts, and fish group.
Meat comes from cows.
Nuts are also in the meat, fish and nuts group.
Fish are another part of the meats, nuts and fish group.
The food group you need to eat the least amount of is the fats, oils and sugars group.
This is a bottle of oil.
Sugar is also in this group.
Lard is also in the fats, oils and sugars group.

Things About Pigs
Pigs are dirty.
Pigs are big.
Pigs are animals.
Pigs are hogs.

All About Apples
Apples are red.
Some are ripe and fresh.
Some apples are green and yellow.
You can eat your apples or plant their seeds.
You can also use apples to make apple juice, candy or caramel apples, apple cider and more.
Apples are delicious, aren't they?

Shopping for Fans
Will likes lights.
Will likes fans.
Can Will find them at Lowe's?
All gone at Lowe's. We can go to Dollar Tree.
First, get a shopping cart.
Push the cart down the aisle.
Dollar Tree has toys.
Dollar Tree has food.
Dollar Tree has wrapping paper.
Does Dollar Tree have fans?
NO!
Get fans at Lowe's.
At Dollar Tree, I choose a toy.
Then I pay for it.
THE END

Expand and Contract
Objects are made of small parts called molecules.
When an object is hot, the molecules jump around.
This makes the object expand, or get bigger.
When an object is cold, the molecules stand close to each other.
This makes the object contract, or get smaller.
It's hot in here. The door is stuck!
Why? Because the door expanded!
It's cool in here. The door isn't stuck!
Why? Because the door contracted!
In the summer, the power lines are loose.
Why? Because the power lines expanded!
In the winter, the power lines are tight.
Why? Because the power lines contracted!
What else can expand or contract?

Tar Heel Reader Dynawrite
Alex.
This is the Dynawrite.
Alex likes using this Dynawrite. He can type and it will say the words so people can hear it read aloud.
Dynawrite loud.
Word talk.

The Pumpkin Book of Adjectives
Pumpkins are orange.
Pumpkins are hard.
Pumpkins are scary when we make them into jack-O-lanterns.
Pumpkins are round.
Pumpkins are good.
Pumpkins are big.

Erick's Mexico
This is a map of Mexico.
This is also a map of Mexico.
This is a flag of Mexico.
Donkeys 
live in Mexico.
There are lizards in Mexico.
This is a monkey.
Mexican food  is good.
You can buy food at the market.
This is a temple.
There are nice beaches in Mexico.
These are Mexican boys.
I like to play soccer.
Mexico is a big country that is fun.

Iraq and Baghdad
I was born in Iraq.
This is a map of Iraq.
This is a garden in Iraq.
You can go to the market.
This is a bridge in Baghdad.
This is a fountain in Baghdad.
This man lives in Baghdad .
These women are in Baghdad.
This is a home in Baghdad.
Camels live in Iraq.
Eagles live in Baghdad.
This is a tiger
 in the Baghdad zoo.

Blue Whale
Blue whales are cool.
They are huge animals.
This is a blue whale skeleton.
Blue whales live in the ocean.

Elaine's Colorful Cars
I like to watch cars go by.
I see a white car.  It is by the sea.
I see a pink car.  Actually, it is a truck!
I see a black car.  It looks fast.
I see a red car.  It looks silly.
I see a yellow car.  It is in the garage.
I see a green van.  It is not a car, but it looks sleepy.
I see a silver car.  It is in the city.
I see a blue car.  It looks small.
I see an orange car.
Orange is my favorite color!

The Bat Book
Bats are flying in the night.
Some bats are big and some are small.
Bats are creatures of the night.
Bats are mammals.
Vampire bats like blood.
Some bats live in caves.
Some bats live in cities.

Good Citizens Recycle
Recycling is good for planet Earth.
As good citizens of Manor Middle School, life skills students are faithful to recycling.
These students are responsible for maintaining the school's paper recycling project.
They realize that recycling paper helps save trees.
They are doing their part to help save their planet.
Think Green.

Forest Fires
Forests are home to many different plants and animals.
Birds build their nests in the tall trees.
Woodpeckers live in holes in the trees.
Squirrels build their nests way up high in the trees.
Trees also provide food for birds and animals that live in the forest.
Apples are eaten by rabbits and groundhogs.
Squirrels and deer like to eat acorns from oak trees.
Forest fires destroy the trees.
Birds and animals lose their homes.
The dead trees cannot grow food for the animals of the forest.
The birds have to fly away and look for new homes.
Many animals die in the fire or because they can't find enough food to eat.
Trees are an important part of our world.

Moving My Clip
Moving My Clip
I move my clip when the teacher tells me to.
I stop what I'm doing wrong.
I quietly stand up and walk to move my clip.
Then I go back to my spot.
I try my best to do better.
Then I have a happy class!

Violins
Wow!
Cool!
Nice!
Cute!
Sweet!

The Car Drive
The Car Drive
The car wanted to drive. The little girl said, "Okay."
So they did!
They passed some animals...
and went through the woods...
then on the bridge.
The End!

Books
Books are fun.
I like to read books.
Go to read at the library.
Read about Mary Poppins.
Read about Hannah Montana.
Read about a snowman.
Read a story about a lion.
Read about the park.

Community Helpers
Community helper, what do you do?
Firefighter, what do you do?
I put out the fire with my water hose.
Policeman, what do you do?
I drive the police car and help keep people safe.
Doctor, what do you do?
I work at the hospital and help people when they are sick.
Nurse, what do you do?
I will give you a shot when you are sick.
Dentist, what do you do?
I clean your teeth. I show you how to brush your teeth.
Teacher, what do you do?
I work at the school. I teach boys and girls how to read and write.
Construction worker, what do you do?
I build schools and hospitals.
Veterinarian, what do you do?
I help your pets when they are sick.
Garbage man, what do you do?
I pick up all the trash in my garbage truck.
Farmer, what do you do?
I plant the food on the farm.
Mechanic, what do you do?
I fix your car or truck when it is broken.
Bus driver, what do you do?
I pick up all the children and take them to school.
Mail carrier, what do you do?
I drive the mail truck and bring the letters to your house.
Paramedic, what do you do?
I drive the ambulance. I will take you to the hospital when you are hurt.
Librarian, what do you do?
I work at your school and read stories to you.
We all help in the community.

The Color Brown
Brown all around us.
Brown can walk. Brown you wear on your feet.
Brown is long and brown can swim.
Brown you drive. Brown is a car.
Brown you can eat. Brown is round.
Brown is small. Brown you can pet.
Brown is sweet and brown is good to eat.
Brown is big and brown is scary.
Brown is hot. Brown you can drink.
Brown in the water. Brown can swim.
Brown is a pretzel. Brown is twisted.
Brown has a hump. Brown lives in the desert.
Brown is baked. Brown makes a sandwich.
Brown roars. Brown is the king of the jungle.
Brown is on his head. You can brush brown.
Brown has a long neck. Brown has spots.
Brown can hear me with her ears. Brown can see me with her brown eyes.
Brown is furry and soft.
Brown makes a web. Brown has eight legs.
Seeing brown all around us.

The Theater
Outside a theater.
Ballet performance.
A cartoon movie.
The seats in the theater.
People are watching a movie.

Old Cars
This car is nice.
This car looks funny.
The green car looks pretty.
The yellow bumblebee truck.
This light green car is cool!
That one looks weird.
The blue car looks really awesome.
The brown car doesn't look like it can go.
The brown pick-up truck is out of style.
This car is an old style.
Looks like this car doesn't run.

Money
Coins
This is a penny.
How much is a penny worth?
One cent. $.01
This is a nickel.
How much is a nickel worth?
Five cents. $.05
This is a dime.
How much is it worth? Ten cents. $.10
This is a quarter.
How much is a quarter worth?
Twenty-five cents. $.25
These are stacks of coins.
This is paper money.
I can buy things with money.

We are Teenagers
We are teenagers.
Babies have messy faces.
Teenagers keep their faces clean.
Children put their fingers in their mouths.
Sometimes monkeys do too...
but teenagers keep them out.
Little boys don't always stay clean and brush their hair.
Teenage boys comb their hair and stay neat.
Sometimes, little kids cry when they don't get their way.
Teenagers use their words to communicate.
Chewing on our clothes looks childish.
Keeping our clothes neat is what teenagers do.
Little kids will lay on the floor.
Teenagers know how to sit the right way.

Will Likes Home Depot
Home Depot at night.
Home Depot in the daytime.
Old man going to Home Depot.
Home Depot in the afternoon.
Home Depot with clouds.
Home Depot with lights.
Home Depot with a red sign.
Shopping.
Looking at toilets.
Trees at Home Depot.
I like Home Depot.
I like to shop.
Flags at Home Depot.
Two people shop.

What Keith Likes
I like whales.
I like the Green Bay Packers.
I like Beyonce.
I like the rapper, Fifty Cent.
I like pepperoni pizza.
I like beans.
I like to model.
I like to play football.
I like to go to church.
I like cute girls with nice figures.
I like to wear the latest shoes and clothes.
I like to watch comedy, martial arts and horror movies.
I love my family and friends.

The Importance of Water
All living things need water!
Without water the Earth would dry up!
Dogs drink water to stay healthy.
We water flowers so they can grow.
Trees use rain water to stay alive.
Some animals breathe water like we breathe air!
Some animals drink AND swim in water...
just like people!
All living things need water.
We love water!

Ahmed's Iraq
Ahmed's Iraq
I was born in Baghdad.
I like Iraqi food.
This is an Iraqi soccer team that I like.
I also like to play soccer.
These are Iraq boys.
This is a place in Baghdad.
This dog lives in Iraq.
This is a camel spider. It lives in the desert.
Baghdad has problems but is still nice.

Patterns of Natural Events
There are patterns on Earth.
The sun comes up every day.
When the sun is up, it is daytime.
The Sun will go down at the end of every day.
Then it is night time, and the Moon comes up.
There are four seasons.
Spring is when flowers bloom.
Summer is when it gets really hot!
Fall is when it gets cool and leaves fall off the trees.
Winter is when it gets cold and snows!
These patterns help us make sense of the world!

European Explorers
European explorers were people from countries in Europe seeking discoveries.
Christopher Newport was from England and was the first to discover Jamestown.
Jacques Cartier was from France and explored the St. Lawrence River Valley.
Christopher Columbus was sponsored by Spain and was the first to discover a sea route to America.
Juan Ponce de Leon was from Spain and was the first to land in Florida.
This discoveries led to European settlements in the New World.

The Months of the Year
January means starting a new year!
February means showing love to the ones you care about!
March means the first day of spring!
April means rainy days!
May means Cinco de Mayo!
June means the start of summer break!
July means celebrating our nation's birth!
August means back to school!
September means baseball!
October means autumn!
November means Thanksgiving Day Parade!
December means white, winter holidays!

Days Honoring People
America honors people who have served in the military.
Even though it is very sad, some people don't survive the wars.
But most people survive the wars.
America honors people who have and haven't survived with special days.
Memorial Day honors people in the military who didn't survive.
Memorial Day is celebrated in May.
Veterans Day honors people in the military who did survive.
Veterans Day is celebrated in November.
Thank a veteran for his or her service and remember those who gave their lives for America.

Police Officers
Police officers help people.
Police officers ride in a cop car.
They work with police dogs.
They turn the flashing lights on.
I want to be a police officer.

What We Like About Cats!
What We Like About Cats!
"My cat is named Gringo," said Queen Elizabeth.
The cat is looking at something.
Ms. Judy loves calico cats.
Ms. Jill likes black cats.
"I like black cats, too," said Deserae.
"I like black cats at Halloween," said Hailey.
"Cats go 'Meow!'" said Dalton.
This cat looks creepy.
Cats like to jump.
"I have two baby kittens," said Cat.
This cat is being nice.
"I like brown cats," said JJ.
Sometimes, cats scratch you!
Cats like to fight.
"My cat was yellow and named Tabby," said Ms. Baker.
"I like all cats," said Grandma.
Cats are beautiful!
The End!

What Does Ryin Like?
I like to shop.
I like music.
I like to play games.
I like baseball.
I like the Cubs.
I like dogs.
I like to watch football.
I like the Packers.
I like reading.
I like PE.
I like to dance.
I dance in my wheelchair.
I like computers.
I like to help in the garage.
I like art.
I like to ride my ATV.
I like to go outside.
I like a lot of things.

The D Book
D is for door.
D is for doughnut.
D is for dog.
D is for dice.
D is for drums.
D is for dolls.
D is for ducks.
D is for deer.

Weather
Snow.
Fog.
Rain.
Sunny.
Storm.

School Cafeteria
I'm going to the school cafeteria.
I eat my lunch in the school cafeteria.
Sometimes, I make food choices.
I sit at the lunchroom table.
I eat my lunch.

Dinosaurs
Dinosaurs lived on Earth millions of years ago.
There are many different types of dinosaurs.
Some dinosaurs, like this one, were herbivores. This means that they ate plants.
Others, like this one, were meat eaters (or carnivores).
Archeologists learn about dinosaurs by studying their bones.
I like learning about dinosaurs!

Pumpkin Patch
On Wednesday, you will be going to the pumpkin patch.
First, you will get on the school bus.
When you get to the pumpkin patch, you will go for a hayride.
You will get to pick your own pumpkin.

Animal Sounds
A duck says, "Quack!"
A lion says, "ROAR!"
A horse says, "Neigh!"
A dog says, "Ruff!"
A cat says, "Meow!"
A sheep says, "Bah!"
A cow says, "Moo."
A chicken says, "Cluck!"

Seasons
Leaves turn colors and fall in the fall.
Snow days come during winter.
Spring brings flowers blooming.
Summer swimming to get out of the heat.

Jamestown, Virginia
Jamestown was the first permanent settlement in America.
The three ships brought settlers into Virginia in 1607.
The church built on the original foundation of the Jamestown settlement.
Beautiful ships were home for 144 days while crossing the Atlantic.
Beautiful Virginia countryside.

Butterflies
The butterfly is blue.
The butterfly is orange.
The butterfly is red.
The butterfly is yellow.
The butterfly is white.
The butterfly is green.
The butterfly is brown.
The butterfly is black.

The 5 Senses
People have noses.
We use our noses to smell.
We can smell many foods.
We can smell flowers.
We can smell perfume. Many women wear perfume.
People have eyes. Eyes can be different colors.
We use our eyes to see.
We can see animals.
We can see cities.

Fish
This fish is yellow.
This is a jelly fish.
A star fish has five legs.
This fish can live at your house.
These fish live in a group called a school.

Money
Money helps us buy things we want or need.
This is a penny.  A penny is 1 cent.
This is a nickel.  A nickel is 5 cents.
This is a dime.  A dime is 10 cents.
This is a quarter.  A quarter is 25 cents.
This is a half dollar.  A half dollar is 50 cents.

Weather
Clouds are forming.
Raindrops start to fall.
Soon, there is thunder and lightning.
The rain went away. The sun appears.
Now there is a beautiful rainbow to see.

Bubbles!
Blowing bubbles is fun.
How many bubbles do you see?
She blew a big bubble!
Look at all these bubbles!
Blowing lots of bubbles.
He is watching the bubbles.
Bubbles are fun!

Seasons
There are four  seasons:
spring, summer, fall and winter.
Spring is when the flowers bloom.
There are many spring showers.
Spring is when a lot of baby animals are born.
Easter is a common spring holiday.
Summer is when it gets warm outside.
Summer is a time for gardens.
Summer is when you can play in the pool.
4th of July is a common summer holiday.
Fall is when the leaves change colors.
The leaves fall to the ground in fall.
Fall is when animals store food for the winter.
Halloween is a common fall holiday.
It gets really cold in the winter.
It snows in the winter.
In the winter, things freeze.
There are many holidays in the winter 
including: Christmas, Hanukkah and New Years.

Nutrients and You
Food provides our body with essential chemicals called nutrients.
Nutrients help you be a happy and healthy person.
A carbohydrate is a nutrient.
A fat is a nutrient.
A protein is a nutrient.
A vitamin is a nutrient.
Water is a nutrient.
Nutrients give you energy.
Nutrients help you grow.
Nutrients help keep your body running smoothly.
All nutrients work together to contribute to good health.
Good nutrition is important for good health.

Dan Spins Book 14
Dan spins.
Dan dips.
Dan has a hat.
Dan spins his hat.
Dan hits a pit ... and sits.
Dan is sad.

Winning and Losing
Sometimes, I play a game...
and I win!
This makes me feel happy! That is okay.
I can tell my friend, "Good try!" or "Maybe next time you'll win."
Sometimes, I play a game...
and I lose.
This makes me feel angry. That is okay.
I can tell my friend, "Congratulations!" or "Good job!"
It's okay to win and it's okay to lose.
What's most important is to be a good sport and a good friend!

Dogs
This is a young dog.
There are three dogs.
This is a fancy dog.
Here is a dog in a swing.
This dog is playing in the snow.
This dog is at the beach.
These dogs are dirty.
This dog is grumpy.
This dog is happy.
I want a dog for Christmas.

The Mali Empire
This is where the early empire of Mali was located. It was in Africa.
The Mali Empire was a wealthy empire.
The Mali Empire was wealthy because it traded many things like gold, salt, and copper.
The people of the Mali Empire told stories in order to communicate with each other.
The Mali Empire was ruled by a king.
This is a picture of a building in the Mali Empire.
How does it compare to where you live?

Fall
People are crazy when the seasons change.
When it's fall, I like to crunch the leaves.
The trees begin to change colors.
The leaves fall to the ground.
The streets are covered with leaves.
I like fall best of all.

I Like Stadiums
I like the colorful chairs in the stadium.
I like to watch the catcher catch the ball.
Going to the stadium is fun.
There are a lot of people at the stadium.

Going to the Theater
A play is where actors put on a show for an audience.
You can go to the theater to see a play.
You should dress up for the play.
You will need a ticket.
Sit back and enjoy the performance.

The Video Store
The video store is a fun place!
You can rent Ponyo when it comes to DVD.
You can also buy some candy.  I like candy!
You can watch a DVD at home on your T.V.

Fatuma's Life
I was born in Kenya.
Kenya is a beautiful country.
Elephants live in Kenya.
Lions live in Kenya.
Cheetahs live in Kenya.
There are people in Kenya.
There are girls.
There are boys.
There are women.
There are men.
There are babies.
There are cars in Nairobi.
There are families in Kenya.
Kenya is a nice place.

The Scary Halloween
I see ghosts...BOO!
I see 3 pumpkins.
I see bats.
I see a boogie man.
I see a deadhead.
I see a creepy haunted house.
I see a mummy.
But the best thing I see is candy.

Reading
There is so much to learn from reading.
The newspaper is full of information about the world.
Reading can fill your heart with happiness and knowledge.
Reading can help you learn new things about science.
Some people love to read no matter where they are.
Reading can be a way to relax or get away.
Reading is something you can do forever.
Pick up a book and read it. You just might enjoy it.

Fun at the Stadium
A stadium is a place to see a sports game or a concert.
It is called a stadium only when the event is an outdoor event.
Some things that happen at stadiums are football, soccer, rugby, and baseball games.
I have not been to a stadium before.
I would like to go.
Maybe my class can go to a stadium as a field trip.

Tropical Rainforest
The tropical rainforest has a lot of rain.
What animals are in the tropical rainforest?
The Bengal tiger is in the tropical rainforest.
The elephant is in the tropical rainforest.
Jaguars are in the tropical rainforest.
Monkeys are in the tropical rainforest.
What birds are in the tropical rainforest?
Macaws are in the tropical rainforest.
Toucans are in the tropical rainforest.
What plants are in the tropical rainforest?
Bamboo tree paths are in the tropical rainforest.
The coconut tree grows in the tropical rainforest.
Look at the Curare Vines everywhere.
Tranquility lives in the rainforest.

Our County Fair
We live in Comal County.
In September, we have a fair.
You can pet baby chicks at the fair.
You can pet a calf at the fair.
You can pet sheep at the fair.
You can look at fancy chickens at the fair.
You can look at a rooster at the fair.
You look at a pony at the fair.
There are cooking contests for cakes.
There are cooking contests for cookies.
There are flower contests at the fair.
This cow is giving milk.
You can buy cotton candy at the fair.
You can ride a roller coaster at the fair.
You can ride a carousel.

Hyob's Favorite Things
Hyob's Favorite Things
Hyob's favorite thing to wear is a t-shirt.
Hyob's favorite sport to watch or play is volleyball.
Hyob's favorite color is orange.
Hyob's favorite drink is chocolate milk.
Hyob's favorite food is pizza.

Shanika's Favorite Things
Shanika's Favorite Things
Shanika's favorite thing to wear is a sweater.
Shanika's favorite thing to drink is juice.
Shanika's favorite thing to eat is chicken.
Shanika's favorite sport to watch or play is basketball.
Shanika's favorite color is green.

Perla's Favorite Things
Perla's Favorite Things
Perla's favorite sport to watch or play is baseball.
Perla's favorite color is pink.
Perla's favorite thing to eat is lasagna.
Perla's favorite thing to drink is milkshakes.
Perla's favorite thing to wear is jeans.

David's Favorite Things
David's Favorite Things
David's favorite thing to wear is a t-shirt.
David's favorite food is hot dogs.
David's favorite drink is Coke.
David's favorite color is orange.
David's favorite sport to watch or play is soccer.

I Am
These colors are bright and cheerful like me.
I have a talent. I take photographs.
Here is one of my favorites.  Did it make you smile?
I get ideas that float into my head like balloons.
Do you get interesting ideas, too?
Maybe your ideas are like bright stars.
I have friends who are joyful and show it!
My dog named Smiley.
I am happy to be me.

Malik's Favorite Things
Malik's Favorite Things
Malik's favorite color is yellow.
Malik's favorite sport to watch or play is volleyball.
Malik's favorite thing to wear is sweatshirts.
Malik's favorite thing to drink is Coke.
Malik's favorite food is pizza.

Halloween Sights
There are many things to see at Halloween.
I can see a scary spider.
I can see black cats.
I can see a hanging bat.
I can see a glowing jack-o-lantern.
I can see spooky ghosts.
I can see a flying witch.
I can see a round moon.
I can see a grinning vampire.
I can see a green Frankenstein.
I can see a haunted house.
I can see a silly skeleton.
I can see tasty candy.
Look, monsters!
Run away!!!!

Shaun's Favorite Things
Shaun's Favorite Things
Shaun's favorite sport to watch or play is football.
Shaun's favorite food is pizza.
Shaun's favorite thing to drink is root beer.
Shaun's favorite thing to wear is a jacket.
Shaun's favorite color is orange.

Grandma's Hurricane
Grandma's
Hurricane
It's cold.
It's awesome.
It's bad.
It's yellow.
It breaks.
It scared me!

Visiting a Stadium
I want to go to the stadium. I need a ticket.
You can see sports at the stadium. Football and baseball are fun to watch!
You can sometimes hear music at the stadium. This is called a concert.
You can sit in the stadium seats.
This is a crowd at the stadium.
You can eat ice cream at the stadium.
I can go to the stadium with my sisters.
I know I would have a great time.

Aaliyah's Favorite Things
Aaliyah's Favorite Things
Aaliyah's favorite thing to wear is jeans.
Aaliyah's favorite food is nachos.
Aaliyah's favorite drink is a milkshake.
Aaliyah's favorite sport to watch or play is soccer.
Aaliyah's favorite color is green.

Osman's Favorite Things
Osman's Favorite Things
Osman's favorite drink is a milkshake.
Osman's favorite food is pizza.
Osman likes wearing hats.
Osman's favorite sport to watch or play is soccer.
Osman's favorite color is yellow.

I Like Lowe's
I want a garage door opener.
I go to Lowe's to buy one.
I screw the garage door opener to the ceiling.
I push the button.
I see if it works.
Yes! It worked.
The door goes up.
The door goes down.
This is the remote.
Lowe's is great.
I went to 12 Lowe's.
I go in the door.
I look in the aisles.
I look for tools.
I see trucks in the lot.
I look at fans.
I like Lowe's in the day time.
I like Lowe's in the night time.
I like Lowe's every day!

India
India is a country far away with a long history.
People lived in India 4,500 years ago.
People lived in India 4,500 years ago.
India had an emperor in the past.
The Taj Mahal was built in the past.
The Taj Mahal was built to bury the emperor's wife.
England controlled India in the past.
People still live in India today.
England does not control India today.
India is a country far away with a long history.

Making a Book
This is to show you how we can make our own books.
First, you find a picture.  Then, you write a sentence.
You type in a sentence for each picture.
You can choose what the reader will sound like.

Exercise
We like to exercise.
We like to walk.
We like to run.
We like to jump.
We like to stretch.
We like to swim.
We like to ride.
We like to climb.
We like to throw.
We like to bounce.
We like to swing.
We like to play!

Who Can Drive?
Who can drive a police car?
The police officer can drive a police car?
Who can drive a fire truck?
The fire fighter can drive a fire truck.
Who can fly a space shuttle?
The astronaut can fly a space shuttle.
Who can ride a bike?
The man can ride a bike.
Who can drive a car?
The lady can drive the car.
Who can ride a bumper car?
The girl can ride a bumper car.
Who can drive a motorcycle?
The man can drive the motorcycle.
Who can fly a plane?
The pilot can fly the plane.
Who can steer a ship?
The captain can steer the ship.
Who can ride a horse?
The jockey can ride a horse.
Who can drive a race car?
The race car driver can drive the race car.

Jack-O-Lantern Feelings
Jack-O-Lanterns have feelings.
Happy jack-o-lantern.
Sad jack-o-lantern.
Scary jack-o-lantern.
Funny jack-o-lantern.
The End

House Sparrows
The house sparrow is found all around the world.
They are 14 to 16cm long.
They like to live near houses.
They stay clean by taking dust baths.
The oldest known house sparrow was almost 16 years old.
They like to nest in man made structures.
Look out your window right now and see if you can find one.

Red Ribbon Week at Luling Primary
"Hats Off" to good choices!
"Shade Out" drugs!
"Sock It" to drugs!
Drugs are "Sc-HAIR-y"!
Eagles are #1. Don't Do Drugs!

What Makes Luling Special
B is for bar-be-que.
C is for "Coffee Shop".
E is for eagle.
F is for football.
O is for oil pump.
S is for "Stanley Theatre".
T is for tower.
W is for watermelon.

Kid's Choice Cafe
The menu for the day is English muffin pizza.
Would you like mushrooms on your pizza ?
Would you like olives on your pizza ?
Would you like pepperoni on your pizza ?
The English muffin pizza costs one dollar.
The mushrooms, olives, and pepperoni cost 25 cents extra.

He's my Brother, and I Love Him!
Hi, my name is Amy and this is my brother, Tom.
We play together and have fun.
Sometimes, Tom does not want to play though.
He likes to be by himself a lot and he does not talk much, but that is okay.
He's my brother, and I love him!
Tom has Autism. He has trouble learning new things or doing some things.
My mom and dad are there to help him when he needs it at home.
At school, he gets extra help in his class. He is doing very well!
I know that with help from family and friends, Tom will be okay as he grows up.
I will always be there for Tom because he is my brother, and I love him.
The End

Cece
Cece is the  happiest student in the world.
She is part of the happiest class in the world.
This is one of her best friends.  His name is Jesse.
This is Corey.  Jesse and Cece make him laugh all day long.
I have an idea.  Why don't you come visit us?
Bye for now.

Our Book About Wild Animals
Kangaroos live in Australia. They put their babies in a pouch.
Rhinos live in Africa. They use their horn to protect themselves.
The noble moose lives in North America. They have large antlers.
You will find giraffes in Africa. They have long necks and long tongues.
The cheetah lives in the grasslands. They are the fastest animals on land.
Swans live around here. They live in ponds and lakes.
The lion is called the "King of the Beasts". They are ferocious.

Halloween
Halloween
On Halloween, we carve pumpkins.
During Halloween times, people dress up in costumes.
Kids go trick or treating.
When kids say, "Trick or treat," people put candy in their bags.
I will be a pizza for Halloween.
I want to go to the Halloween party at Terra Linda High School.

Will Rides Elevators
Ride elevator.
Mom elevator.
Mall elevator.
Mall elevator.
Shiny elevator.
Church elevator.
Tall, mall elevator.
Space elevator.
Flag elevator.
Ride "A" elevator.
Dad elevator.
Mom outside an elevator.
Jim elevator.
Outside elevators.
Water elevator.
Hotel elevator.
THE END

Animals
Ms. Mayne's favorite animal is a gecko.
Mr. Spadaro's favorite animal is a horse.
Garrett's favorite animal is a bunny.
James's favorite animal is a fish.
Mrs. Corbyn's favorite animal is a dog.
Mrs. Betz's favorite animal is a cat.
Mrs. Bliss' favorite animal is a dog.
Miss Tingle's favorite animal is a dog.
Caleb's favorite animal is a dog.
Savannah's favorite animal is a tiger.
Mr. Hearne's favorite animals are a black bear and...
a dolphin.
Mrs. Conway's favorite animal is a dog.
Mrs. Paulding's favorite animal is a reindeer.
Mrs. Norman's favorite animal is an orangutan.
Jonny's favorite animal is a pug.
Mrs. Sweet's favorite animal is a penguin.
Lydia's favorite animal is a kitten.
Mrs. Robjent's favorite animal is a cat.
Nathan's favorite animal is a lion.
Ms. Powers' favorite animal is a dolphin.

At the Pumpkin Farm
We saw so much at the pumpkin farm.
The pig is inside the barn.
Phil is in front of Clifford.
Eugene and Zach are behind the bus.
Zach is on the slide.
Eugene is inside the truck.
The calf is inside the barn.
The pumpkin is inside the dinosaur's mouth.
The pumpkin is under Phil.
The class is next to the pumpkin.
We had so much fun!

Things I  Do
Things I Do
I sleep in a bed.
I eat with a fork and spoon.
I sit on a sofa.
I take a bath in a bathtub.
I sweep with a broom.

Rational Numbers
What are rational numbers?
Rational numbers are parts of a whole.
Rational numbers can be expressed as a fraction.
Rational numbers can be expressed as a decimal.
Rational numbers can be expressed as a percentage.
Rational numbers are everywhere...in many different forms!

Renting DVDs
Do you want to rent a DVD?
Search the shelves for your favorite movie.
You can pick more than one.
Sometimes there is a children's movie section.
You might find a movie called "Finding Nemo".
There are many different movies out there to choose from!

All About Legos
These Lego guys are cool!
Legos can be robots.
I build with Legos.
Lego Star Wars.
This car is just like a Lego Racer!
This is a Lego Create-it Car.
I like the brand new Lego Spider Man 2!
I like the Lego Dinosaur, too!

Owls!
Owls!
An owl can fly.
Owls have sharp claws.
An owl has big eyes.
An owl has feathers.
The end

Apples are Good for Me
Apples
"I like red apples," said Dalton.
"I like green apples," said Elizabeth.
"I like yellow apples," said Hailey.
"I like Gala apples," said Grandma.
"I like yellow apples," said Deserae.
"I like red apples," said Ms. Baker.
"I like red apples," said JJ.
"I like yellow apples," said Ms. Judy.
"I like yellow apples, too," said Ms. ABC.
Apples grow on trees.
Apples fall off the tree.
Apples are many colors.
Apples are good for me.
I like to eat candy apples.
Yummy!
Apples are good to eat.
I like to dip my apples in caramel.
Apple pie is yummy!
We want to go  see the apple trees.
The End

The Bat Book
Bats are flying in the night.
Some bats are big and some are small.
Bats are creatures of the night.
Bats are mammals.
Vampire bats like blood.
Some bats live in caves.
Some bats live in cities.

Colors
Tomatoes can be red.
Water can be blue.
Waves can be white.
Clouds can be white, too!
Lemons can be yellow.
Grass can be green.
A basketball can be orange.
These are the colors of my dreams.

Spiders
Spiders
"I like black spiders," said Deserae.
"I like big and small spiders," said Elizabeth.
"I like Croc spiders," said Dalton.
"I like poison spiders," said Anita.
"I like to see spiders crawl," said Ms. Baker.
"I want to see a white spider," said Grandma.
"I think spiders are scary," said Hailey.
"I do not like spiders," said Ms. Judy.
The End

The Bossy "R"
Papers on a bulletin board.
Mr. Sammons by his door.
A scarecrow by the kindergarten room.
Three pictures from art class.
Computers in the library.
Lots of chairs and tables in the lunch room.
Pictures of teachers in the hall.
The sign says, "Never settle for less than your best."
There is a fire extinguisher in the hall.
The sign for the girl's locker room.
Kids are exercising in gym.

Mice
Mice are neat animals.
There are many mice in the world.
Mice scare people.
But not all people.
Mice come in many colors.
Mice make many friends.
Mice don't take photos.
Or play music.
Mice do make trouble.
Mice can swim.
Mice can use the potty.
Mice can eat many things.
Mice eat candy.
Mice eat marshmallows.
Mice will even try to eat trash.
Mice are very cool.

Bipolar Disorder
I have bipolar disorder.
Bipolar makes me happy.
Very happy.
Bipolar makes me depressed.
I feel sad.
I feel alone.
It makes me grumpy.
It makes me paranoid.
Bipolar makes me angry.
Very angry.
Bipolar makes me feel bad.
I need pills so I don't feel bad.
I need to be careful with my pills.
When I don't feel bad, I can be with my family.

I am Moving
I'm moving.
I need to pack all of my things.
I will pack my toys.
I will pack my couch.
I will pack my food.
I do not get packed.
We pack everything into boxes.
There are a lot of boxes.
Our house is empty.
The boxes go in the truck.
We drive to the new house.
Our new house is nice.
We unpack all the boxes.
I love my new house.

Violet
V is for violets.
I is for ice- cream.
O is for orange.
L is for leaves.
E is for elephants.
T is for tiny fingers.
VIOLET.

We Like Monsters
We like monsters.
"I like blue monsters," said JJ.
"I like scary monsters," said Deserae.
"I like purple monsters," said Hailey.
"I like orange Croc monsters," said Dalton.
"I like spider monsters," said Elizabeth.
"I like a big, fat monster," said Grandma.
"I like the story 'Monster from the Black Lagoon,'" said Ms. Judy.
"I like big, hairy, green monsters," said Ms. Baker.

My College Life
At 5 a.m., I woke up.
At 7 a.m., I went to class.
At 9:30 a.m., I painted.
At 10 a.m., I had a snack.
At 10:30 a.m., I worked on the computer.
At 11:30 a.m., I had lunch.
At 1:30 p.m., I went to the tech center.

Desert
The weather in the desert is very hot and dry with little rain.
What animals live in the desert?
The camel lives in the desert.
The armadillo lives in the desert.
What plants live in the desert?
Palm trees live in the desert.
The barrel cactus lives in the desert.
The saguaro live in the desert.
What insect lives in the desert?
The scorpion lives in the desert.
What birds live in the desert?
The ostriches live in the desert.
The roadrunner lives in the desert.
The desert is a beautiful place.

Grasslands
The weather of the grasslands is warm days, cold nights and little rain.
What animals live in the grasslands?
The cow lives in the grasslands.
The prairie dog lives in the grasslands.
What plants grow in the grasslands?
The milkweed grows in the grasslands.
The blue cornflower grows in the grasslands.
What insects live in the grasslands?
The bumblebee lives in the grasslands.
The dragonfly lives in the grasslands.
The dragonfly says,"Good-bye."

Transportation-Then and Now!
From the beginning of time, man always had a need to travel from one place to another. Early man traveled by foot.
Later, he would use a primitive boat or a chariot to get to his destination.
As time went on, horses were used in getting from place to place.
Soon bicycles were even added into the travel mix.
Eventually, horses were replaced with "horseless carriages".
Today those "horseless carriages" have been replaced with our modern cars.
Air travel has also become a common mode of transportation.
Our modern transportation has even led to space travel.
Only time will tell how our means of transportation will grow and progress in the future.

Our Trip to the Pumpkin Farm
We went to the pumpkin farm.
We saw a pumpkin eating dinosaur.
We saw a pig and some piglets.
We saw hay.
We saw a giraffe.
We saw sheep.
We saw a tractor.
We saw geese.
We saw a corn maze.
We saw a bus.
We saw lots,
and lots,
and lots
of pumpkins!

Classroom 1117 Celebrates Oktoberfest
Oktoberfest is celebrated in Germany.
The Oktoberfest tent is bigger than a football field.
Oktoberfest is a festival.
We are going to make German chocolate cupcakes.
We will cook bratwurst on the stove.
The Oompah band plays traditional German music.
People dance the "Chicken Dance" at Oktoberfest.
Oktoberfest is cool.

Places I Go
Places I Go
I go to the park.
I go to the car races.
I go to the D.Q.
I go to Walmart.
I go to the swimming pool.
I go horseback riding.
I go to McDonald's.
I go to the carnival.

Autumn
Autumn is a time of change in New Hampshire.
The leaves on the trees change color.
The birds migrate to warmer climates.
The animals store up food for a long winter ahead.

High School Musical
This is Troy.
These are some friends at the carnival.
They sing in High School Musical 2.
Troy and Chad play basketball.
This is Ryan and Sharpay.
Troy and Gabriella sing together.

Will Goes to Lowe's
Lowes on a cloudy day.
Lowes on a sunny day.
Lowes with Uncle Jim.
Lowes with mom.
Mom, dad and  Jim buy ceiling fans.
They buy a garage door opener.
Now the garage door will open.
The garage door will close.
I like Lowes!

Michael Jackson is the King of Pop
Michael Jackson is cool.
I like his music. I like his Thriller video.
I like the Jackson 5.
I like to watch the Billie Jean video on the computer.
I like when he stands on his toes. I can do that, too.
Michael Jackson takes his son to the park.
He is dancing with zombies.
I wish I was his brother.
I like the "Moon Walk."

Akon and Lil Wayne
Akon is a hip hop singer.
Akon sings a song called "Beautiful".
Akon sings another song called "Gangsta".
This is Lil Wayne. He is a rap singer.
Lil Wayne is a hip hop singer, too.
He and Akon have concerts together.
Lil Wayne is one of my favorite singers.
Akon is also my favorite singer.

Letter B
B is for banana.
B is for boat.
B is for brown.
B is for beach ball.
B is for baby wolf.
B is for butterfly.
B is for bed.
B is for baby.
B is for bike.

What Animals Say and Do
I am a lion and I say, "ROAR."
I am a snake, and I slither and slide.
I am a dog and I say, "RUFF RUFF."
I am a chicken, and I flap my wings and scratch the dirt.
I am a pig and I say, "OINK."
I am a penguin, and I waddle when I walk.
I am a cat and I say, "MEOW."
I am a cow and I say, "MOO!"

Honor Roll
I am learning disabled.
Other kids make fun of me because I am different.
Even teachers treat me like I am stupid.
I am starting to believe I actually am.
When I needed help, I didn't think anyone would care.
There is one teacher who has helped me the most.
She wanted to get me more help, so she brought in mentors.
They come in early and help me with my homework.
They also eat lunch with me and it makes me feel good.
Knowing they believe in me, makes me believe in myself.
With their help, school has become easier.
I got my report card back today...made A and B honor roll!

The Eskimo
Izzy is an Eskimo.
He lives in the Arctic.
Izzy lives in an igloo.
The igloo is made out of snow and ice.
Izzy's igloo is small and white.
Izzy likes his small, white igloo.
Don't you think Izzy needs a dog to keep him warm?

The Pig
The Pig
I see a little pig.
The little pig can climb.
Wow! Look at this purple pig. This purple pig is not real.
This is Piglet. Piglet is much more handsome in purple.
This little pig is cute.
Be careful little pig. Will the pig jump?
This is Porky Pig. He is not real. He is a cartoon.
These little black pigs are playing. Are they having fun?
Have you heard the story of "The Three Little Pigs"?
This little pig is cute.
Do you know Wilbur the pig? Wilbur is a character in Charlotte's Web.
Maybe we can visit a farm to see some pigs. Will you come with me to the farm?

Taiga
The weather of the Taiga has long, cold winters with snow most of the year.
What animals are in the Taiga?
The black bear is in the Taiga.
The moose are in the Taiga.
The moose swims in the cold water of the Taiga.
What birds make their homes in the Taiga?
The bald eagle lives in the Taiga.
The woodpecker lives in the Taiga.
What plants grow in the Taiga?
The giant sequoia trees grow in the Taiga.
Columbine grow in the Taiga.
The Taiga is full of wonderful things.

African Animals
African safari.
Rhino.
Giraffe.
Elephant.
Cheetah.
Zebra.
Lion.
Hippopotamus.
Hyena.
Flamingo.

North American Animals
Forest home.
Rabbit.
Red fox.
Barn owl.
Copperhead.
Coyote.
Black bear.
Deer.
Tortoise.

Sk8ing
Skateboarding
This is a gnarly trick.
This guys got some wicked air!!
He is about to drop in.
This guy is about to do a gnar trick!
These boards have famous baseball players on them.
well...

Garth Tander and Will Davison
Garth Tander.
Garth Tander races in the  number 2 car.
Garth Tander has had 145 races.
Garth Tander is signing a jacket.
He has won the 2009 Bathurst with Will Davison.
Garth Tander moved with Skaife in 2008 to HRT.

Our B Book
B  b
Bubbles start with the letter b.
Butter starts with the letter b.
Bracelet starts with the letter b.
Bee starts with the letter b.
Barn starts with the letter b.
Beaver starts with the letter b.
Bulb starts with the letter b.
Biscuit starts with the letter b.
B b

Our C Book
C c
Castle starts with c.
Cougar starts with c.
Coat starts with c.
Corn starts with c.
Carriage starts with c.
Cap starts with c.
Cake starts with c.
Cone starts with c.
Clothes pins start with c.
Cc

The ABC Book
A is for apple.
B is for ball.
C is for cat.
D is for dog.
E is for elephant.
F is for frog.
G is for gorilla.
H is for hog.
I is for ice cream.
J is for 
jack-o-lanterns.
K is for kangaroo.
L is for log.
M is for mouse.
N is for noodles.
O is for octopus.
P is for parrot.
Q is for quilt.
R is for rabbit.
S is for snake.
T is for tarantula.
U is for umbrellas.
V is for van.
W is for wagon.
X is for x-ray.
Y is for yarn.
Z is for zebras.
We did it! We did it! A to Z.
Thank you for sharing the alphabet with me!

ABC's
Agree.
Beg.
Call.
Dance.
Employ.
Fancy.
Glow.
Harm.
Ignore.
Join.
Knock.
Look.
Mix.
Nail.
Open.
Program.
Question.
Rain.
Save.
Trot.
Unlock.
Visit.
Wink.
X-ray.
Yawn.
Zoom.

Jennifer at the Book Fair
I went to the book fair at SMS Library.
There were signs all over the school pointing me in the right direction.
I looked and looked and looked for the perfect book.
I just happened to have money in my pocketbook.
So I bought "The Diary of a Wimpy Kid."
I wanted this book, but I didn't have enough money.
I went home and asked my dad for more money.
He gave me some.
I went back to school and bought it!

Willam's Rocks
Did you know some rocks are in volcanoes?
Some rocks come in every shape and size.
Some rocks are cool.
I wonder how rocks have colour.

SpongeBob
I like to be in the dark.
I love SpongeBob.
He is my best  friend.
I like SpongeBob.
He got burned  in a fire.
I can go to the store with him.

Health
I like to eat apples.
I like to eat strawberries.
I like to exercise.
I like to sleep in bed.

Angel
I have a cat named Angel.
My cat, Angel, is white.
Angel is an outside cat.
Sometimes, Angel sleeps with me.
She is very lovable.
She is a cat, not a kitten.
We have had our cat a long time.
Angel does not like dogs.
I love my cat, Angel.

What Dekarious Likes...
I love pretty girls.
I like to play basketball at the park.
I like Steve Urkel.
I like wrestling.
I like boxing.
I like Miami Hurricane football.
I like to rap.
I like to laugh.
I like chicken wings.
I like my mother.
I like my grandma.

What Tracey Likes
I like macaroni and cheese.
I like spaghetti.
I like Cinderella.
I love weddings.
I like to watch TV.
I like to go to high school.
I like to listen to music.
I love my sisters.
I like bread.
I like my teacher.

Good Eats
Pizza Hut.
We like pepperoni pizza.
McDonald's.
My dad gets a hamburger and soda.
Sonic
I like a hamburger, fries and a soda.
Dairy Queen
I really like the chocolate milkshakes.

Butterflies Lay Eggs
This is a Painted Lady Butterfly.
A butterfly lays an egg on a plant.
The egg is on a leaf.
The caterpillar came out of the egg.
The caterpillar eats milkweed leaves.
He eats and eats. He grows and grows.
He went into a chrysalis.
The butterfly is emerging.
Here he comes!
He is almost out!
He hangs upside down so his wings will harden.
This butterfly is eating an orange.
Now the butterfly is laying an egg and will fly away.

SpongeBob
Logan likes SpongeBob!
SpongeBob is fun.
He is silly.
He is yellow.
He likes to read.
"Barnacles," says SpongeBob!
Krabby Patties?
He is everywhere!

Off We Go!
I want to go on a trip.
I like to explore and investigate.
Maybe I will see a new place.
I might get lost, but I will be brave.
I might see a precious stone or a beautiful nest.
Perhaps, I will swim with a tiger...
or step on the sand.
I might see lightning touch the ground.
I could join an important club.
See the world while you are young.
Always investigate and explore!
Take that next step...don't be afraid to get lost.
Don't wait until later...touch your dreams!
You will be so glad that you did!

A Trip to the Grocery Store
We are going to the grocery store.
There are lots of healthy things there, like these vegetables.
There are also grains like these bagels.
Meat is a protein.
These apples are fruits.
Milk is a dairy product.
There are also some unhealthy things like these donuts.
First, you need to get a cart.
Look for the items on your list.
Take the items and put them in your cart.
Go to the cashier.
Give the cashier the money.
Hold out your hand for the change.
Remember to say good bye and thank you.

I Love Belle
I love the Disney Princesses.
Belle loves dancing with the Beast.
Belle is so beautiful.
I love her yellow dress.
Belle and Beast read a story.
Belle blows a kiss.
I wish I could dress up like Belle.

Alive and Not Alive
This rock is big, but it is not alive.
A bicycle can move, but it is not alive.
I move.  I am alive!
Lego people are fun, but they are not alive.
Cookies are tasty, but they are not alive.
A table is pleasant, but it is not alive.
Marbles are unique, but they are not alive.
I grow.  I am alive!
Jewelry is beautiful, but it is not alive.
A computer is useful, but it is not alive.
Soda is sweet, but it is not alive.
I drink juice from an apple.  I am alive!
Sponge Bob is funny, but he is not alive.
A sweater is warm, but it is not alive.
French fries are hot, but they are not alive.
I eat french fries.  I am alive!

My Bike
My Bike.
My bike has wheels.
My bike does tricks.
My bike is fun.
My bike is fast.
But not as fast as my motorbike.
Its really fast and fun.

THE WINNER
Johnny is a student with special needs. He is in a wheelchair.
One day, his teacher told him that he could train to enter a race.
He must go to the park every afternoon to practice.
Johnny thought that his teacher was joking. "Can't he see that I'm in a wheelchair?" Johnny said to himself.
When Johnny went to the park, he saw several students who were also in wheelchairs.
His teacher told them that they would compete in the Special Olympics.
Johnny knew that this was a very important event.
He decided to practice everyday.
He got stronger and better each day.
On the day of the race, Johnny felt nervous as he entered his name.
There were many people watching the race. His teacher encouraged him to try to finish the race.
"You can do it, Johnny. Just try your best," his teacher told him.
There were several students at the starting line.
When the official said, "On your mark, get set, GO!" Johnny tried his best.
His arms were getting tired but he continued to race as fast as he could.
Johnny was about to give up but he could hear his teacher's words, "You can do it, Johnny!"
He could hear his family cheering, "GO Johnny! GO Johnny!"
Johnny continued with all his strength!
"I can do it! I must give my best," Johnny kept saying to himself.
In the distance, he saw the ribbon.
He worked even harder until he reached the finish line.
Johnny won the race! All his hard work paid off!
Johnny received a medal. He felt so proud of himself!
"I did it!"

What I See At School
I see a bus at school.
I see the library at school.
I see the computer lab at school.
I see friends at school.

What Chekeria Likes
I like bowling.
I like to play with my niece.
I like to play with my dog, Benji.
I like my teachers.
I like to play outside.
I like my Grandma.
I like spaghetti.
I like macaroni and cheese.
I like pizza.

Hawks
Hawks
They eat birds and small mammals.
Most migrate for winter.
Some stay in southern Minnesota.
Some are seen swooping on birds   visiting bird feeders.
Over 11,000 Sharp-shinned hawks were seen one October day in New Jersey.

Autumn is...
Autumn is changing leaves.
Autumn is the first snow.
Autumn is trick or treating.
Autumn is pie.
Autumn is pumpkins.
Autumn is soup.
Autumn is football.
Autumn is Thanksgiving dinner.
Autumn is scarecrows.
Autumn is "The Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown".
Autumn is family time.
Autumn is migration.
Autumn is harvesting.

My Life
I was born in the United States.
I grew up in the country on a farm.
I have one little brother.
I also have a little sister.
I went to school in Nampa, Idaho.
Now, I am a teacher.
I am not this kind of teacher.
I teach English to students who come from all over the world.
I teach young students.
I teach students from Vietnam.
Some students are from China.
Africa is the birthplace of other students.
Some of the students have left their countries because of war.
I love to travel.
Germany is a beautiful country.
Thailand's beaches are a perfect vacation spot.
Europe's cathedrals took my breath away.
Italy's culture and history were very interesting.
New Zealand was full of natural beauty.
Ethiopia's children won my heart.

Christopher Columbus
Columbus sailed the ocean blue,
ocean blue, ocean blue.
Columbus sailed the ocean blue
in 1492.
He sailed west to reach the East,
reach the East, reach the East.
He sailed west to reach the East
in 1492.
Asian shores he never reached,
never reached, never reached.
Asian shores he never reached,
in 1492.
Instead, a whole new land he found,
land he found, land he found.
Instead, a whole new land he found,
in 1492.

My Favorite Places
There are so many wonderful places in this world.
The mountains are beautiful with their green trees and fresh air.
The beach makes me joyous!
I love watching the sun rise each morning.
Italy is a land of history and culture.
I enjoy going places where I learn about people.
My flower garden is a place where I can think and rest.
The ocean's blue entices me to new places.
The farm where I was raised is my favorite place of all.

Living Things Need Water!
People need water.
Bugs need water.
Flowers need water.
Animals need water.
Kids need water.
Cats need water.
Trees need water.
Dogs need water.
Fish need water.
Polar bears need water.
All living things need water.
Water!

In the City
The city.
Tall buildings.
Corner stores.
People.
Traffic.
Bridges.
Apartments.
Parks.

In the Country
Farms.
Sunlight.
Cowgirls.
Horses.
Tractors.
Open spaces.
Hay.
Hard work.
Beauty.

Scarecrows
Scarecrows
Look! Do you see the scarecrows?
I love scarecrows.
Scarecrows are made to scare the birds away.
Scarecrows are used by farmers to protect crops.
Should this farm use a scarecrow?
Scarecrows are used for fun during holidays.
Many people decorate for Halloween with scarecrows.
I get very excited to see all these scarecrows.
When I see all the scarecrows, I want to run and touch them.
I need to stop.
Running away is dangerous.
I have to look for cars.
I must not run when I see scarecrows.
I love scarecrows. What else can I do when I see them?
I can look at the scarecrows while standing in my own yard.
I can look at scarecrows on the computer.
I can look for scarecrows in books.
I can see scarecrows in the movies. Do you know this scarecrow from the Wizard of Oz?
I love scarecrows. Do you love scarecrows?
Maybe I can make my own scarecrow.
My scarecrow will be neat.
Will you come see my scarecrow?
Scarecrows make me happy. I must remember not to run to a scarecrow when I see one.
I will remember to stop and look at a scarecrow. I will not run and touch it.
Will you look with me?

Lil's Hat
Hal has a slim hat.
Lil is Hal's pal. Lil's hat tilts. It slips.
Lil slips down, down, down!
Hal sits and makes a list.
Slam! Lil hits Hal.
Lil's hat is on Hal. Hal's hat is on Lil.

Snap the Ant 10
Snap is an ant.
Snap is on Pam's pan.
Snap has Pam's ham.
Snap sips.
Snap is by the pants.
Snap naps.

Ford Mustangs
Mustangs are cool.
The red car is cool.
This Ford is fast.
The black car is cool.
The police car is a Mustang.
The car is red and white.
The car is in the tunnel.
This Ford is fast.
The car is outside.

Black Bears
I like black bears.
Black bears eat fish.
Black bears have friends.
Black bears smile.

Our Verb ABC's!
Answer!
Blink!
Cough!
Drop!
Enter!
Follow!
Greet!
Hug!
Itch!
Juggle!
Kill!
List!
Mess Up!
Number!
Open!
Push!
Question!
Roll!
Smile!
Time!
Unpack!
Vanish!
Wave!
X-Ray!
Yawn!
Zip!

Dreamers
Arrest
Brake
Chop
Dream
Empty
Face
Glue
Hop
Itch
Jail
Kill
Lick
March
Number
Obey
Plant
Question
Rub
Smoke
Talk
Unlock
Vanish
Walk
X-ray
Yawn
Zip

I Can...
Shanika said, "I can sing."
Perla said, "I can dance."
Malik said, "I can stomp my feet."
Hyob said, "I can stomp my feet, too."
David said, "I can smile."
Aaliyah said, "I can laugh."
Osman said, "I can relax."
Shaun said, "I can march."

What Andrew Likes
I like to go to the park.
I like my teachers.
I like to go to Wal-Mart.
I like to play volleyball.
I like to watch SpongeBob Squarepants on TV.
I like to eat fish.
I like to work at my Dad's store.
I like to watch Tom and Jerry.

What Shai'Dreka Likes
I like spaghetti.
I like strawberries.
I like to play basketball.
I like to watch TV.
I like to go to church.
I like to go to the skating rink.
I like Jermaine.
I like school.

The Trail
I like to walk on the trail.
On the trail, I see a treasure.
I like to walk on the blue trail.
I like to jump into the leaves when I see them.
I can see the trees.
I walk on the trail with my friends.

What Pat Likes
I like living in Georgia.
I like playing volleyball.
I like shooting hoops.
I like catering parties.
I like Dancing with the Stars.
I love my grandkids.
I like sewing.
I like shopping for shoes.

What Carnail Likes
I like chicken nuggets.
I like egg sandwiches.
I like pancakes.
I love Tracey.
I like to dance.
I love my Mama.
I love my Daddy.
I like babies.
I like to ride the school bus with Ms. Linda.
I like roller coasters.

Moon Facts
The Moon is our closest neighbor in space.
It has a rocky surface with no water or air.
The Moon is 238,897 miles from Earth.
The Moon is about four times smaller than the Earth.
The Moon is very hot during the day and very cold at night.
The Moon shines by reflecting the light of the sun.
There are four phases of the Moon. You can hardly see the new moon!
The new moon begins to grow. This is called a waxing moon.
It grows until it becomes full.
After it is full, it begins to get dark again. This is called a waning moon.

What Kaledrick Likes
I like cars.
I like fire trucks.
I like toys.
I like movies.
I like chocolate cake.
I like dogs.
I like cats.

The Pumpkin Farm
We are going to the pumpkin farm.  This is what we want to do.
Mr. Black wants to see goats.
Zach wants to ride the hay wagon.
Vlad wants to go in the corn maze.
Eugene wants to see the corn maze.
Phil wants to ride the hay wagon.
Mrs. Arndt wants to see the rabbits.
Mrs. Malone wants to see cows.
We are going to have so much fun at the pumpkin farm.

Animals
I like animals.
This is a baby deer.
I like cats.
Tigers are cool.
Dogs like bones.
Bats fly.
Birds talk.
Bees make honey.
Frogs eat flies.
Koalas climb trees.

A Pirate Named Simon
Simon's secret plot.
Simon's ship.
Pirate's Cove.
Pirate's Cove entrance.
Isadora.
Isadora's Treasure.
The Perch.

Who Loves Autumn
Who loves autumn?
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the boy sitting on the swing.
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the girl wearing a Halloween costume.
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the boy riding his bike.
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the girl playing with the leaves.
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the boy picking apples.
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the girl at the pumpkin farm.
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the boy walking with his mother.
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the girl baking pumpkin pies.
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the boy sharing a Thanksgiving meal with his family.
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the girl watching the Thanksgiving Day parade.
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the boy lying in the leaves.
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the girl sharing a quiet moment with her mother.
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the boy walking his dog.
Who loves autumn?
"ME!" said the girl enjoying a picnic with her father.
Who loves autumn?
"Not me!" said the dad raking the fallen leaves.

Devin Likes to Shoot Hoops
Devin likes to shoot hoops.
He shoots hoops at school.
He shoots hoops at home.
Does Devin shoot hoops in the rain?
Devin looks at the hoop when he shoots the ball.
Devin likes to "bounce pass" the ball.
Other kids like to shoot hoops, too.
Devin can take turns and shoot hoops with other kids.
Sometimes he is "smokin" because he keeps making baskets!
Devin likes to shoot hoops!

The Map
Pam's map is on the mat.
Pam taps the map.
Sam stamps on Pam's map.
Sam taps Pam's map.
Sam pats Pam's map.
Pam's map!

Variety of Photos Pt. 3
This is the
Cinderella Castle
in Florida.
This is the
Calgary Tower in
downtown Calgary.
This is
Mount Rushmore
in South Dakota.
U2 is an
Irish band.
Mickey Mouse is
sitting in my
batter bowl.
Three Huskies
playing in the
snow.
This guy is playing a 5-string bass.
I love to vacuum
with my black
broom vac.

Apples, Apples, Fun, Fun
Green apple.
Apples, apples, fun, fun.
Two apples.
Apples, apples, fun, fun.
Happy apple.
Apples, apples, fun, fun.
Frog apple.
Apples, apples, fun, fun.
Red apple.
Apples, apples, fun, fun.
Wet apple.
Apples, apples, fun, fun.
Swimming apple.
Apples, apples, fun, fun.
Rainbow apple.
Apples, apples, fun, fun.

The Video Store
You should go to the video store.
There are videos on shelves. Pick one.
The Hannah Montana Movie is my suggestion.
Pay for your video at the counter.
Hope you enjoy The Hannah Montana Movie at home.

Memorial Day
Memorial Day
It is a day to honor soldiers who fought for our country.
A veteran is someone who was in the service.
Memorial Day is the last Monday in May.
On Memorial Day, many people bring flags and flowers to cemeteries.
Memorial Day used to be called  Decoration Day.
It became a national holiday in 1971.

Independence Day
Independence Day
On July 4, 1776, we claimed our independence from Britain and democracy was born.
On the 4th of July, Americans  celebrate America's independence.
The first flag had 13 stars.
Many people have the day off and go to watch fireworks.
People also light off fire crackers.
China made the first firecracker.
Betsy Ross made the first American flag.

How to Play a Game
Do you guys want to play a game?
First, we set it up.
Then, we talk about the rules.
We take turns while we play.
Matthew takes a turn.
Avery takes a turn.
Owen takes a turn.
At the end of the game, we congratulate each other!
We pick the game up.

What Milton Likes
I like Wal-Mart.
I like noodles.
I like cornbread.
I like sausage.
I like ice cream.
I like cup cakes.
I like birthday cake.
I like to ride my bike on the hill.

What Ron Likes
I like to play outside.
I like friends.
I like hip hop.
I like walking.
I like McDonald's.

What La'Monta Likes
I like dogs.
I like to help my Mom.
I like to talk to girls.
I like to play video games with my brother.
I like pepperoni pizza.
I like to play basketball.
I like cars.

What Sarah Likes
I like spaghetti.
I like shopping for shoes.
I like red dresses.
I like to get my hair styled.
I like Tyler Perry.
I like listening to music.
I like church choirs.
I like having friends.

Zebras-Black and White
Zebras are similar to horses and donkeys. Can you see how they look alike?
Zebras are best known for their black and white stripes.
Their stripes are believed to camouflage them. Camouflage means to hide.
They eat grass and herbs.
Zebras are very social animals. They have a lot of friends. They live in large groups called 'harems'.
Zebras live in Africa.
We need to help protect zebras and their habitat.

What Gregory Likes
I like butterflies.
I like flowers.
I like to bowl.
I like refried beans.
I like to eat at San Miguels.
I like my dog, Tyler.
I like goats.
I like the New York Yankees.
I like my teacher.
I like to go to the store.
I like to buy clothes.

What Jermaine Likes
I like Florida State.
I like FSU football.
I like to watch TV.
I like meatball sandwiches.
I like to walk in my neighborhood.
I like Shai'Dreka.
I like to clean my room.
I like to wash cars.
I like to ride the school bus.

Pokemon
I love Pokemon.
Team Rocket is on Pokemon.
Meow, even my cat likes Pokemon.
Two of my favorite things:  Christmas and Pokemon.
Pikachu at Christmas.
I like this Pokemon's name. Her name is Jesse.
Pikachu is a great Pokemon.
I like Meowth.
Squirtle is cool.
Wobbuffet is my favorite Pokemon.

Giraffes, the World's Tallest Mammals
Giraffes are one of the world's tallest mammals.
Giraffes are well known for their long necks, long legs and spotted patterns. They can weigh about 2,000 pounds.
Their long necks help giraffes eat leaves from tall trees.
Giraffes live in Africa.
Giraffes travel in large herds.
We need to help protect the giraffes and their habitats.

Vlad the Impaler
There was a vampire whose name was Vlad the Impaler.
He put peoples' heads on poles.
He was a terrible man.
People were terrified of him because he did terrible things.
He was cruel.

My Dog
I love my dog.
I take my dog everywhere.
I take my dog in the car.
I take my dog to the pool.
I take my dog to the playground.
I take my dog to the coffee shop.
I take my dog to the wrestling match.
I take my dog to the beauty salon.
I take my dogs to places where it is sunny.
I take my dog to places where it is cold.
I take my dog to bed.
I love my dog.

The Flag
The flag was first flown on Oct. 21, 1774.
Flag Day is June 14th.
Some people refer to the flag as "Old Glory."
Some people claim Betsy Ross was the designer and seamstress for the flag.
The 13 stripes represent the original 13 colonies.
There have been many variations of the flag.
There has been the 13 star flag, 15 star flag, 20 star flag, and finally, our 50 star flag.

I See
I see a car.
I see a truck.
I see a boat.
I see a bus.
I see an airplane.
I see a bike.
I see a train.

What Jelani Likes
I like Chicago Bears football.
I like Mayflower Church.
I like IHop restaurants.
I like my wristwatch.
I like baseball games.
I like Burger King.
I like watching TV.

What Hannah Likes
I like to rock.
I like to sing.
I like bread.
I like church.
I like music.
I like peace and quiet.

National Anthem
Our National Anthem is the Star Spangled Banner.
It was written by Francis Scott Key.
We sing The National
Anthem before  sporting events.
It was written during the War of 1812.
It became the National Anthem in 1931.
We stand up and face the flag and put our hand over our heart.
September 14th is National Anthem Day.

Emotions
Sometimes, I feel happy!
Sometimes, I feel mad!
Sometimes, I feel sad.
Sometimes, I feel frustrated!!!
Sometimes, I feel excited!
I feel many different kinds of emotions!

Things I Like
I like to play basketball with my brother, Dan.
I like to hike on the trail at Mountain View Middle School.
I like to play in the leaves.
I like to swim in the deep end.
I like to eat peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
I like to watch Nick on TV.

Our Trip to the Museum
Yesterday, Ms. Kramer's class went to the science museum.
It was fun. We got to see butterflies. They flew on Haley's head.
There was a dinosaur in front of the museum.
We saw glow rocks that Jamarie thought were so cool. They have chemicals that make them glow.
This bus took us on our field trip. It was a great day.

Describing Lighthouses
There is a road to get to the lighthouse.
There are 13 lighthouses on this page.
There are waves bumping this lighthouse.
It is foggy. This lighthouse looks like it is made of metal.
This is a big lighthouse. I have been there.
This lighthouse is made out of brown bricks.
There are two lighthouses. One is red and one is blue.
This is a teeny lighthouse.
I love lighthouses.

Black Cat
My black cat has pointy ears.
His eyes are big and yellow.
My black cat has such soft fur.
My black cat likes to leap to the window and sniff the flowers.
I love my little, black cat. Please come inside and play with me.

Elmo Talks About Friends
Elmo Talks About Friends
Elmo is so happy you see.
He has so many friends.
Here is one,
two,
three!
There are lots of things for friends to do!
Friends can share a story,
or tell a joke to you!
Friends like to play,
and dance together, too.
It does not matter how friends spend their time.
But I'm so glad for friends like mine!

What  Lynn Likes
I love my dog, Louie.
I like teaching.
I like walking in the woods.
I like Paris, France.
I like visiting Versailles Palace in France.
I like Bob Marley.
I like yard work.
I like green frogs.
I like elephants.

Asperger Tools for Work
People with Asperger's Syndrome,
look just like everyone else,
and have average intelligence.
They are very capable of holding a...
competitive job with some...
help to have them be successful socially.
People with AS have very focused interests,
leading to social difficulty.
They are very literal thinkers.
This could complicate obtaining employment.
Preparing students with AS,
helps to reduce anxieties,
and negative behaviors.
Tools that can be taught to the...
student before they go out on a job site...
will prepare the student better.
Tools must be thought out,
because it would be very difficult,
to "unteach" an incorrect behavior.
Creating a list of job tasks...
is very helpful to know what comes next,
as well as having the visual cue.
Students with Asperger's Syndrome may even...
need cues to know what to do if...
there is a problem they...
don't know the answer to.
Students should also role play...
possible situations.
Anchoring is where you teach a signal...
to trigger the brain to...
self correct a behavior.
Students may understand their behaviors better,
if they watch themselves on a video.
Creating a scale so colors or numbers represent...
feelings, noise level,
or likes and dislikes can take the...
pressure off verbalizing a need.
Mirroring can be taught to help...
a non-expressive student to follow the...
mannerisms of the person they are talking to.
It should be natural and not over done.
There is an excellent book called,
"How to Find Work That Works for...
People with Asperger Syndrome" by Gail Hawkins.

Many Cars
Some cars are about to race.
Could the red car be the quickest?
Could the orange car be quicker?
This is a test drive.
This car is using its NOS to race.
This car is slowing down for a red light.
This car is driving through a subway.
This is racing.

Stage Directions
When an actor moves onstage, he is using STAGE DIRECTIONS.
The middle of the stage is called CENTER.
When an actor moves away from the audience, he is moving UPSTAGE.
Moving closer to the audience is called DOWNSTAGE.
The actor's right is called STAGE RIGHT, even though it looks like the left to the audience.
The actor's left is called STAGE LEFT, even though it looks like the right to the audience.
When an actor leaves the stage, he has gone OFFSTAGE.

Arctic Animals
The Arctic has many animals.
Huskies are very cute. They live in the Arctic.
The polar bear is a mammal.
Boy penguins have yellow spots around their faces.
Walruses pull themselves out of the water with their large tusks.
The Arctic fox is white in the winter and brown in the summer.
The Arctic is very, very cold!

Betsy Ross
It is believed that Betsy Ross made the first flag.
She learned needlework while attending Quaker schools.
Betsy was born on Jan. 1st 1752 and died on Jan. 30th 1836.
We know she made flags for the Navy.
Betsy's grandson told the story of the first flag in 1870.
By the 1880's, the story of Betsy Ross was in many school textbooks.

Taps and the Flag
Retire the flag at the end of the day.  Then Taps is played.
We hold a solemn  ceremony at the loss 
of an  American service person.
We play Taps at the end of a ceremony.
Taps is played as respect for our lost soldiers.
When a flag is worn, it is  burned at a ceremony and Taps is often played.
Taps:  Day is done, gone the sun, from the lakes, from the hills, from the sky. All is well, safely rest, God is neigh.

What Alicia Likes
I like pound cake.
I like sweet corn.
I like yellow rice.
I like to read books.
I like spicy hot wings.
I like macaroni and cheese.
I like to ride a bicycle.
I like to play Super Mario.

What Deon Likes
I like snakes.
I like to eat.
I like my mom.
I like girls.
I like Barack Obama.
I like my home.
I would like to see my Dad all the time.
I like Mrs. Ward.
I like my sisters.

What Ron Likes
I like Beyonce.
I like to fish.
I like big girls.
I like music videos.
I like jewelry.
I like Jay Z.
I like to play basketball.
I like poodles.

What Carlos Likes
I like motorcycles.
I like to swing.
I like smoking.
I like corn.
I like cars.
I like peanut brittle.

Origins of Theatre
The Greeks used drama to worship the god Dionysus.
The first actor was a Greek named Thespis and all actors are called thespians to honor him.
The hut where actors changed their masks and costumes was called the skene.
The machina was a lift with wires that made actors look like they could fly.
The chorus sang, chanted or talked to explain things that happened in the play.
Aeschylus is called the father of tragedy.
A tragedy is a fight between what the gods want and what people want.

Tales from the Bridge View Crypt
'Twas a dark and spooky Hallow's Eve...not even the moon could find reprieve.
A decrepit old school house atop the bluff lay deserted. Its students and faculty to their homes reverted...
or so it seemed.
For this was the night the pumpkins teemed...
and came alive.
From fields all across the city,
traipsing through grave yards, dark, grim and gritty.
In droves by the hundred,
all through the night,
with only fire strewn eyes to give them a light.
The decrepit old school house, their destination.
The traveling pumpkins could hardly contain their anticipation.
For this was the night the janitor's dreadful daughter roamed the hall,
planning to host the annual Hallow's Eve Ball.
Pumpkins old,
and pumpkins new,
pumpkins orange,
and pumpkins blue.
Made the trek this Hallow's Eve,
to compete for fortune and fame,
in the annual pumpkin judging game!
Pumpkins of all shapes and sizes,
came to compete for dreadful pumpkin prizes.
Happy pumpkins,
scary pumpkins,
a pumpkin from space,
even a barking pumpkin joined in the race!
There were so many wonderful pumpkins,
the janitor's dreadful daughter could not choose a favorite.
She hovered above them and judged all their traits.
She picked and she chose all of the greats.
She tallied up scores but could not find a winner.
So she threw up her hands, and ate them for dinner!
The End

The Letter D
The letter D.
I like to shake the dice.
D is for dinosaur...roar!!
D...D...D.
Dog on a skateboard.
The dump truck dumps dirt.
How many donuts can you eat?
The End

Alaska
Alaska
There are 29 volcanoes.
The Northern Lights have many different colors.  They are cool!
The Alaskan Pipeline is 800 miles long.
The state animal is the moose.
The state bird is the Ptarmigan. It changes color in the winter and summer.
There are 3 million lakes in Alaska.
The salmon is the state fish.
Half of the world's glaciers are in Alaska.

Smokey the Bear
Smokey is a bear that helps us to remember to protect our forests.
Smokey says, "Only you can prevent forest fires."
Smokey the Bear wants us to remember to never play with matches in the forest.
Smokey says, "Never leave a fire unattended in the forest."
Smokey is celebrating his 65th birthday this year.
I will remember what Smokey says about fires.

Cooking Omelettes
Ingredients needed: 1/4 cup egg substitute, cooking spray, and sandwich maker.
First, you wash your hands and plug in the sandwich maker.
Wait for the green light to go off and then spray with cooking spray.
Measure out 1/4 cup of egg substitute and place in sandwich maker.
Close the sandwich maker.
Set the timer for 3 minutes.
When the timer beeps, open the sandwich maker and remove your eggs with a plastic spatula.
Put your egg on your plate and eat it!

Dominique's "I See" Book
I see pancakes.
I see a jack-o-lantern.
I see a basketball player.
I see football players.
I see pizza.
I see rides at the fair.

I See
I see Jaws.
I see Bakugans.
I see candy apples.
I see Frankenstein.
I see a violin.
I see M&M's.
I see cupcakes.

I Don't Eat Meat
I love fruit and veggies.
I love to eat fruit salad for breakfast. Yum, yum!
I don't eat meat, but I eat nuts instead.
I don't eat cheese, but I eat lentils.
I don't drink milk, but I eat tofu.
I am a vegetarian.

Things I Like
First is basketball.
Second is tacos.
Third is girls.
Fourth is music.
Fifth is partying.
Sixth is alcohol.
Seventh is sleep.
Eighth is money.
Ninth is cars.
And tenth is family.

Sports
Sports are fun.
There are many sports.
You could ride a bike.
Or race a motorcycle.
Anything that involves you moving is basically a sport.
I love sports.
Sports keep me in shape.

KENNYA
Hello, my name is Kennya.
I love eating colorful M&M's.
I love my Iphone.
I love playing with my baby girl, Juicy.
I love my BFF, Carlitos, even though he's a weirdo.
I also love my Mexican Family.

Prom
Dancing is fun.
Dresses are cute.
Music is great.
Friends are fun to hang with.

Texting
Hi, I am a 17 year old girl.
I have an iPhone.
I love texting.
I text all day.
I text all night.
Sometimes I get in trouble.
I love texting.

Halloween
Ghosts are  scary.
Witches ride brooms.
Pumpkins are orange.
Haunted houses are scary.
I go trick or treating.
Black cats run the streets.
Scarecrows are funny.

Let's Order a Sandwich!
We are going to Publix on Friday.
What kind of sandwich do you want?
Do you want ham?
Do you want turkey?
Do you want roast beef?
What kind of meat do you want?
OOPS! We forgot the bread. White or whole wheat?
What about cheese? Yellow cheese or white cheese?
Mayonnaise? Mustard? Hot mustard?
Tomatoes? Pickles? Cucumbers? Lettuce?
How about onions on your sandwich?
What else do you want on your sandwich?

The Fair
On Wednesday, we are going to the fair!
There will be rides.  Will there be a ferris wheel?
Would you ride this?  I think I would be scared!
Will there be a carousel?  Sometimes we call this a merry-go-round.
How about cotton candy?
Will there be games with prizes to win?
This food looks delicious! Are those potato chips?  A blooming onion?  I love funnel cakes!
I hope there is a tilt-a-whirl!
We will have fun at the fair!

Joe Mauer
This is Joe Mauer.
Joe is a catcher.
Joe is very good at hitting the baseball!
Joe Mauer is good at baseball!
Joe is a fast runner!
Joe Mauer is my favorite player!!!!!!!

Twins
Minnesota Twins
The MN Twins are the best team ever!
The Twins play in the dome!
The Twins have a lot of FANS!!!!
Joe Mauer is the best catcher EVER!!!
The MN Twins are a very good baseball team!
Soon the Twins will have a new home at Target Field!
They will get to play outside!
GO TWINS!!!

Haslett: The Novel
Hi! My name is Bryan and this is my story.
I live in Fairhaven, Massachusetts.
I really like Barney and the German Barney theme song.
I also like the Count from Sesame Street.
I hate it when people sneeze.
This is a picture of Elmo. I like Elmo.
This is Grover.
Patty gives me Smartfood if I eat my lunch.
I like vacuum cleaners.
I get to use the computer if I listen to my teachers.

Jack Russell Terriers
Jack Russell Terriers are so cute!
Jack Russel Terriers are very agile.
You should try to train your JR at an early age.
This is because they will try to train you!
Your JR may want to run your household if you're not careful.
These dogs respond well to praise.
Jack puppies are precious.
Soft furniture may become a hang-out of choice.
Beds are also pretty good.
Jack Russell Terriers are great mothers.
Jack Russell Terriers come in a variety of colors and coats.

Halloween Time
Pumpkin Time!
Costume Time!
Don't be scared!
It's time for fun!!
Halloween day is a time for treats!!

It's Halloween Time!
It's Halloween time!
Are you frightened?
Ghosts and goblins. Oh my!
Pumpkins, so many pumpkins, just waiting...
for you to make jack-o-lanterns.
A Merry Halloween to you and yours!
Fly away home and have some FUN!

Halloween is Scary!
I love Halloween!
I dress up.
My friends dress up, too.
Some people dress up their pets.
I go pick a pumpkin at the pumpkin patch.
I carve my pumpkin.
I see scarecrows.
I eat treats and candy.
On Halloween, I see spooky ghosts.
I love to decorate my house.
The End

Scary, Scary Halloween
One little cat screeched. Meow!
Two little babies dressed in their costumes.
Three boys and girls go to a party.
Four orange pumpkins light up the sky.

Scary Halloweeen
I carve pumpkins.
Everyone dresses up in costumes.
I hope there is a full moon.
I will go trick or treating.
Parties with good, spooky treats.
I will go visit a haunted house.
Halloween is the BEST!

Pumpkins, Pumpkins, Everywhere
Many pumpkins in the field.
Pumpkins in a pond.
Carve a fun pumpkin for Halloween!
A  Halloween cat with a pumpkin.
Scary jack-o-lanterns in the dark.
This jack-o-lantern is happy!
My favorite lunch!
Alien jack-o-lantern!

Pandas
Pandas are cute animals.
Pandas eat bamboo.
Pandas like to sleep.
Pandas go up in the trees.
Pandas have panda parties.
The End

My Scary Halloween
I see spooky ghosts.
I see a skeleton.
I see pumpkins.
We love Halloween!

Firefighters
Firefighters are brave.
They have fire suits, helmets and gloves.
They have tanker trucks and fire engines.
Firefighters slide down poles in the firehouse.
Firefighters are heroes.
These are rules to be safe on the playground.
They are heroes.

Spiders
There are many kinds of spiders.
Spiders can be big.
Spiders can be small.
Spiders can be colorful...
...or just plain brown.
Some spiders spin webs.
Some spiders hide in a hole.
There are many different spiders...
but they are the same in many ways.
All spiders have 8 legs.
All spiders have 8 eyes.
Spiders help us by eating mosquitoes!
Spiders are creepy, but cool.

Travels with Tim
Tim wants to go to the castle.
Tim wants to go to the lake.
Tim likes the fireworks at Disney World.
Tim wants to ride a boat in Venice, Italy.
Tim wants to go to Rome with Neil.
We all want to go to a lot of places.

Making Chicken and Dumplings
After washing the chicken, drop the pieces into some boiling water.
After you boil the chicken, let it cool and then pick the meat off of the bones.
Save only the meat-not the bones or gristle. We used ten pounds of chicken for fifteen people.
Throw some flour on your table or counter top. Open up some canned biscuits.
Place each biscuit on the table. Roll the biscuits flat.
If you don't have a rolling pin, use a smooth jar or bottle to roll out the biscuits.
And roll...
and roll...
and roll. We used four cans of biscuits with eight in each can. Klaressa says that's 32 biscuits.
After rolling the biscuits flat, cut them into strips. You can use a butter knife for safety.
Drop the biscuit strips into the pot of chicken and broth. Cook for a few minutes until the dumplings are chewy.
Place the chicken and dumplings on a plate and eat.

Dirt Bikes are Fun!
I love to ride dirt bikes.
It is exciting to go fast.
I like to do tricks.
Sometimes, I race my dirt bike.
It is fun to win.
The races are fun.
It is a real show.
I can make new friends.
I can get dirty in the mud.
There are many racers.
It takes lots of practice.
It makes me feel good to race.
I like to practice my tricks at home.
My family goes on trips to ride our dirt bikes.
We have so much fun!!

I Love Cars!
Race cars are fast!
They are all different.
This is a fast car.
Wow, look at this car!
I would like to drive this car.
This car is orange.
This car is red.
This is a fun car!
This is a silly car.
This car won the race.
These cars like to race.
Some cars are famous!
They drive race cars.
They have fun!
Please be safe drivers.
Race cars are fun.
It is fun to watch race cars.

First Words Fun!
I like to play with words!
Letters make words.
We read words.
We write words.
Numbers make words.
Find numbers in games.
One, two, three...jump!
Three, four, five, and more.
We like words!
Words like...
upon or up on,
in, here, or who? You?
We go to school to learn words.
Fish go, too.
Words are fun!
Words are everywhere!
Words like...
and, not, do, for, have, said,
the, a, to, who, do, I, is, my, and you.
Teachers like you to read words!
Once you learn your words...
you will see...
how much fun...
reading can be!!

Camping and Rainbows
I love to be outside.
Rainbows are nice.
I like to camp.
I take a backpack.
I hike by myself.
Their hike is in the mountains.
Her hike is fun!
There are many places to go.
A moose goes to town.
Where does the water go?
It is morning.
It is warm in the afternoon.
Anyone can have a picnic.
I want to go here.
Will you come with me?
We don't want to see a thunderstorm!
But if it does we will use our flashlight.
I am ready to go!

Lucy and Sarah
Sarah and Lucy are best friends.
Sarah's favorite kind of cakes are dog cakes.
Lucy loves to have her swimming lessons.
Lucy and Sarah like to skip together.
Sarah loves cupcakes.
Lucy loves beautiful cupcakes, too.
But they really love to pick flowers.

Eloise Loves Fairies
This is a story about Eloise and how she likes fairies.
But she can't concentrate on fairies all of the time.
She has to do stuff at school.
When she goes swimming, she doesn't even care about fairies!
Bye, Eloise!

Oh No! A Tale of Opposites
The door is closed.
Oh, no!
The door is open, and the boy got out.
The boy is clean.
Oh, no!
He got dirty.
The cat is low down on the ground.
Oh, no!
She is high up in a tree.
This girl is happy.
Oh, no!
Now she is sad.
The bird is dry.
Oh, no!
It got wet in the rain.
Oh, no!
The boy is too short.
Yea!!!
Now he is tall.

Life of the Apple
Where do apples come from?
Apples start as seeds.
They grow into small plants.
The plants grow into trees.
The trees make flowers.
Apples grow from the flowers.
We pick the apples.
Then we can eat the apples.

Talking
We look at each other when we talk.
We listen to each other.
We use our hands when we talk.
We can talk with one person.
We can talk with a group.
We express emotion when we talk.
We learn about each other when we talk.

My Job
Derrick drives the van to my job.
At my job, I sort the shirts.
I find the purple tags.
I take the shirt with the purple tag off the 
hanger.
I put the shirts in a cart.
Then I put the hangers in a cart.
I take the carts to the storage.
I wash my hands after I work.
That is the end of my work experience.

Halloween
These kids are trick or treating.
This is a haunted spiderweb.
This is the witch's broom store.
Her are the carved pumpkins outside the witch's store.
Here is the witch's pet cat.
This is where the witches live.

Fun Fall
Fall is lots of fun.  Let's describe what we see, taste, hear, smell, and feel.
We smell pumpkin pie in the fall.
We see orange leaves in the fall.
We taste apple cider in the fall.
We see scarecrows in the fall.
We taste marshmallows in the fall.
We hear football games in the fall.
We see falling leaves in the fall.
We smell burning leaves in the fall.
Fall is a great time to touch, taste, hear, smell, and see things!

The Bus For Us
The Bus For Us
The bus pulls up every day.
The school bus is yellow and black.
The door opens.
The bus has a loud engine.
The wheels on the bus go round and round.
The kids sit on the bus.
Put on your seat belt.
The kids are loud.
The bus stops.

The Win
The thrill of racing in the water is the best. I listen for the gun and dive.
Deeper and deeper I go!  Faster and faster for the top.
I'm there. Am I the fastest? Where will I place?
There are so many other great swimmers. I need this win.
Time seems to stand still while I swim.
My breath is coming harder and harder. Where is the finish line?
Yes, I'm alone and the win is in sight.
One finger touch, and I will be done.
I did it! I placed first!  My coach is proud of all the hard work that I did!

Animals at the Zoo
We all have a favorite animal at the zoo.
Aaliyah likes the elephants.
Zebras are Osman's favorite.
Perla likes monkeys.
Kangaroos are Malik's favorite.
David likes frogs.
Alligators are Shaun's favorite.
Shanika likes horses.
The giraffe is Hyob's favorite.

The Praying Mantis
Today we saw a praying mantis.
It was in the grass.
We looked at it.
It had big eyes.
It was green.
It was cool.
It was in the sand.
Lindie picked it up!
She put it on a tree.
We cheered!
The End

Elevators Around the World
The elevator goes up.
IKEA elevators!
Does a train have elevators?
This elevator holds corn.
Church elevator.
Two elevators side by side.
Go up the escalator.
Fancy elevators.
Ride elevators with Mom.
I ride elevators with mom.
Go to the 4th floor.
Elevator frog.
Elevators at the mall.
Ride elevators with mom.

Fall is Great!
Tim likes to play in the leaves.
Neil likes to leaf blow the leaves.
Mrs.Romein likes to bake apple pie.
Tim likes to pick pumpkins.
We all like 
cupcakes.
Halloween is a fun day.

I Love Music!
I like music because it is cool.
Music makes me happy.
I go to music class every day at Terra Linda High School.
I listen to music at home.
I listen to music in our living room.
My mom listens to music also.
My favorite instrument is the banjo.
Tuesday the band played my favorite song, Cocktail. It made me so happy!
I like my music teacher, Mr. Sorenson.
I dig music!

The Packers
I love Bret Favre, the Viking.
All I want for Christmas is the Packers to win the Super Bowl.
Don't throw us a bone. We came to win!
Hurray for the Packers! We're number one!
We are the champions!
It's the American way! Go Packs!
GREENBAY PACKERS!

Rocking Chairs
There are many good reasons to have rocking chairs.
Some people share stories while sitting in rocking chairs.
Some restaurants have rocking chairs out front for people who are waiting.
Many families put rocking chairs on their front porch.
Rocking chairs can be very beautiful.
Some rocking chairs are older than others.

Jazz
Jazz
Jazz is music.
Jazz is sound.
Jazz is big.
Jazz is in the streets.
Jazz is happy.
Jazz is sad.
Jazz is music.

The Red Sox Game
One day, me and my family went to Boston.
We saw the Red Sox play the Blue Jays.
It was a night game.
The Red Sox were pitching first. The Jays hit a run.
The first inning was brutal on the Sox.
The Sox ended up losing.:(

Cats
Baby kitties are tiny!
This cat looks like my mom and dad's cat, Chloe!
The kitty looks mad!
Tigers are cats, too!
This kitty likes to play on the computer!
This cat is stretching very long!
This kitty likes to drink water out of a bowl!
These cats are watching you!

Fall Leaves
The leaves have colors.
These are red.
These are orange, red and yellow.
Sometimes, rain comes down in fall.
When it rains, the leaves drop.
We like fall.

Cool Cars
This car is cool.
This car is REALLY cool!
This car is big.
This car is really low.
This is a lot of cars!

The Blue Whale
The scuba diver is looking at a giant blue whale.
A museum is showing a blue whale.
A blue whale is shooting water out of his blowhole.
You can go to a history museum to see a blue whale.
This whale is way up high.

Humane Society Volunteering
DOGS!
Puppies are cute!
Dogs like to go swimming!
Puppies like to chew on toys!
We say "Hi" to the dogs and puppies at the Humane Society!
The dogs are LOUD at the Humane Society.
We like to go to the Humane Society!

Fall Festival
My school has a Fall Festival. We will dress up in costumes.
We can take a  hay ride.
We will play games, too.
Our class will carve pumpkins.
Parents bring in cupcakes for us to eat.
Teachers pass out candy treats.
Fall Festival makes me happy.

What Crystal Likes
I like skinny boys.
I like catfish.
I like peanut butter cups.
I like bracelets.
I like watermelon.
I like kickball.
I like to go to church.
I like to keep house.
I love to shop.

What Crystal Likes
I like lollipops.
I like flowers.
I like boys.
I like car rides.
I like Rick Ross.
I like Lil' Wayne.
I like music videos.
I like sunshine.

Swimming
I like to jump in the deep end.
Swimming in the pool is lots of fun.
I take lessons with Emily. She is nice.
Swimming fast is my favorite.
This pool is just like the pool with the T at the YMCA.

What We Did in the Summer
Ann Marie went to the beach in Florida.
Ernie played video games.
Mary Claire went fishing at Cliff Side Lake.
Timmy went to Texas to visit family.
Nash went swimming.
Angela went rafting.
Mrs. Angie, aka "G", went to Florida.
Mrs. Carol Ann went to St. Louis.
Mrs. Ledford rested on the dock at the lake.
But we are all glad to be back at Franklin High School.

Roanna's Rocks
Did you know that rocks are around the world?
One interesting thing is that rocks can be big or small.
Some can be colorful.
I wonder what they are from.

The Types of Animals People Like
There are many kinds of animals.
Some like wolves.
Some like cats.
Some like dogs.
Some like horses.
Some like fish.
Some like dolphins.
Some like reptiles.
Some like birds.
Some like nocturnal animals.
Some like bears.
Some like whales.
What kind of animals do you like?

The Calendar
Calendars are important.
In the morning, we look at the calendar so we know what to do.
The calendar lets us know what day it is. Is today a school day?
If it is the weekend, we might be able to stay in bed!
What is today? Say it out loud.
What day is tomorrow? Look on the calendar.
Yesterday was the day before today. What was yesterday?
September, October, and November are fall or autumn months.
The leaves change colors!
December, January and February are winter months. Sometimes it snows. It is usually cold!
Christmas comes in December and we get a break from school.
It is January! Happy Birthday to 2010! It starts in January.
March, April, and May are spring months. The leaves come out and flowers start to bloom.
Summer is here! We don't go to school. What are these months?

Prometheus Brings Fire to Man
Prometheus was a Titan who liked humans.
Prometheus wanted to give mankind a gift.
Zeus was the  leader of the gods.
Prometheus stole fire from Zeus's lightning.
Prometheus gave man the fire he stole .
Fire let man cook food and warm their homes.
Zeus was angry his lightning fire was stolen.
Zeus punished Prometheus.
He had him chained to a mountain.
Everyday an eagle would come to Prometheus.
It would eat Prometheus's liver.
Everyday his liver would grow back.
This is how Zeus had Prometheus punished for stealing from the gods.
The End

Farm Day
Friday is Farm Day.  Hooray!
On Farm Day, I can see a pig. "Oink, oink."
On Farm Day, I can see a horse. "Neigh, neigh."
On Farm Day, I can see a cow. "Moo, moo."
On Farm Day, I can see a sheep. "Baa, baa."
On Farm Day, I can see the chickens and a rooster. "Cluck, cluck." "Cock-a-doodle-doo."
On Farm Day, I can see a goat. "Maa, maa."
On Farm Day, I can see the ducks. "Quack, quack."
On Farm Day, I can go on a hayride. "Yay!"
On Farm Day, I can go on a pontoon boat ride on the lake. "Cool!"
On Farm Day, I can go fishing in the lake. "Fun!"
On Farm Day, I can get my face painted. "Wow."
On Farm Day, I can dance outside to live music. "Do si do."
On Farm Day, I can plant seeds in a cup and then we wait for them to grow.
On Farm Day, I can play the bean bag toss game.
On Farm Day, I can make vegetable Stone Soup. "Yum."
On Farm Day, I can eat funnel cake. "My favorite."
On Farm Day, I get to ride on a school bus.
On Farm Day, there is so much to do. "I can't wait!"

Hades and Persephone
Persephone was the goddess of spring and fertility.
One day, Persephone was playing in a meadow of flowers.
She looked so pretty that Hades, god of death, fell in love and took her back to the Underworld with him.
The Underworld, where Hades lived, was dark and cold.
Persephone did not like the Underworld. She missed her mother and her flowers.
Persephone would not eat because she missed her mother so much. Hades worried about her health.
Hades asked Persephone to eat a pomegranate. She ate 6 pomegranate seeds.
Meanwhile, Persephone's mother Demeter,goddess of crops, went to look for her daughter.
Demeter looked so hard, she did not take care of the crops. No plants grew.
The people had no food to eat, so they went to the temple to pray to the gods.
Zeus, god of thunder, heard their prayers and commanded Hades to let Persephone go.
Hades did not want to let Persephone go.
Zeus decided  to make everyone happy.
He would have Persephone spend one month in the Underworld for every seed she ate.
The rest of the year she would go to her mother. Everyone agreed.
Persephone and Demeter were happy to see each other again.
Persephone went back to her flowers and everything bloomed again.
Demeter was happy, and the crops grew again.
But after the 6 months were over, Persephone had to go back to the Underworld. Demeter did not let anything grow.
This is why the seasons change. When it is winter, Persephone is with Hades in the Underworld.
When it is spring, Persephone is with her mother again.
The End

Different Flags
This man is very talented.
A pretty temple.
A castle with flags.
Flags, flags, flags.
This looks like gold.
An American fair.
A giant pirate ship.
A beautiful bridge with flags.
This looks like an underwater picture.
He is a cool motorcycle driver.
Tall building with flags.

Learning About Animals
Jaguar's have spots.
Bats sleep upside down.
The bird is colorful.
Monkeys are cute.
Dolphins love the blue ocean.
The duck is diving.
The eagle is beautiful.
Dogs are fun!
Elephants take beautiful pictures.

My Bunny, Oreo
This is my bunny, Oreo.
There are many different kinds of bunnies.
Some bunnies have long ears that hang down.
Others have big ears that stand up.
All bunnies love to eat and chew.
I think all bunnies are cute!
But my bunny is the cutest!

Butterflies
I like this butterfly. It is hard to catch a butterfly.
I like all of these butterflies. They are many different colors.
This butterfly is drinking from the leaf.
This blue butterfly is pretty.
I like this polka dotted butterfly.
This butterfly likes to eat berries.
Adara likes to watch butterflies fly and eat.

Cars and Roads
This is a cool road for cars to drive on.
This road leads to the city.
This road is going to New York City.
This is a big city.  It looks like San Francisco.
This is a big road that takes you around in circles like a race car track.
The yellow car goes very fast.
This blue car can go fast, too.
David saw this car in Mexico. I love cars. They're cool.

Summer R.T.
This is about my summer vacation.
I watched movies this summer.
I took out the trash this summer.
I picked up the groceries for my mother this summer.
I bought movies at Target this summer.
I watched a baseball game with my parents this summer.
I like the summer!

HI Summer Vacation
I read a book.
I watched TV.
I listened to music.
I went to eat at a restaurant with my dad.
I went to a CD store with my mom.

Cory Loves Cardinals
Cory loves cardinals.
Cory loves to see cardinals in Minnesota.
Cardinals are red.
They wear a black face mask.
Cardinals eat fruit, insects and seeds from feeders.
They fly in the sky.
They are 8 to 9 inches long.
Cory likes the color red.

Playing Video Games
I have all these games at home.
I have PlayStation.
I like playing Halo 3.
I like car games, too.
This is my room at home.
I have an Xbox 360.

Going to the Beach
Going to the beach is so much fun. The sand is smooth on my feet.
I like to walk close to the water in the sand. Waves hit my toes.
My brother likes the beach, too. Grandmother brings us when we are on vacation.
Finding a pretty rock is easy. We can fill a beach pail up with rocks.
The ocean is home to fish, turtles and whales. Dead fish smell really bad!
Going to the beach was fun. Now it is time to go back to school and learn!

Owls
I love owls!
Owls do not scare me.
There are many different kinds of owls.
Owls fly in the sky.
This is a make believe owl.
Owls sleep during the day!
I love owls.

Idioms
Here are some examples of idioms.
Cat got your tongue?
That means someone who is too shy to talk.
Piggyback?
That means someone riding on another person's back.
Apple of one's eye?
That means someone who you love a lot.
Piece of cake?
That means that something is easy.
Go bananas?
That means that someone is acting wild or crazy!
A horse of a different color?
That describes someone who is different from the usual.
Bread and butter?
That refers to money required to make a living.
Curiosity killed the cat?
That implies that being nosey will get you in trouble!
Button your lip?
That means to keep quiet.
Sour grapes?
That is someone who is upset they didn't get their way.
Monkey around?
That describes someone who is fooling around.
Goosebumps?
They are little bumps on the skin when someone is cold.
Til the cows come home?
That means a long time.
Eat like a bird?
That means to eat very little.
Frog in your throat?
That means a scratchy throat.
Someday down the road?
That means at a later date.
Broken heart?
That means that someone made someone else sad.

Native Americans
Native Americans
Native American Indians are strong, smart, ancient, noble people. They celebrate the great spirit.
Women have been known to look after the wounded. Men fish, gather and cook.
A mother with her child.
A girl looking for a couple of grubs to put on the fire to eat.
Men were made to look after the women.
There were a lot of wars. Most were against white men.
They used knives,
tomahawks,
and bow and arrows to fight.
Many American Indians died. This was a step down for white settlers.
R.I.P 
to those Indians who died a loyal death fighting for their rights.

Birthdays Long Ago and Now
It is my birthday! I am from long ago.
This is my family from long ago.  I hope they will come to my party!
This covered wagon will be perfect for getting to my party.  We will need a horse to pull it!
Licorice candy will be a special birthday treat!
This metal firetruck would make a great birthday present!
A pretty, new bonnet would be great for keeping the sun off my head.
These blocks would be great for building towers!
I hope I get some tinker toys! I could invent something special!
A Slinky toy would be fun on steps!
We will meet at my house for the party!
It is my birthday, too! I am from now.
This is my family.  They will come to the party.
This is my house.  We will have my party here.
This is a car you can use to get to my party!  Don't forget to buckle up!
I can't wait to try this yummy birthday cake!
I hope I get a new cap to keep the sun from my face!
I could make a Lego city with these blocks!
Some Hotwheel cars would make a great birthday gift!
Thomas the Train would be fun to play with, too!
Transformers are also fun to play!  Optimus Prime is so cool!
Thanks for coming to our birthdays!

Running: Endurance and Sprinting
Running takes endurance.
This is Usain Bolt winning the 100m in Berlin.
This is also Uasin Bolt after he won the 200m in Berlin.
This is Craig Mottram. He is an endurance runner.
This is another runner called Haile Gerbrslassie.  He is another distance runner.
The End

Baby Animals
Baby animals look like this when they are just born.
Some look like this when they are born.
Baby animals like to sleep.
Baby animals like to climb around.
Baby animals like to play.
Baby animals stand proud.
Baby animals keep watch.
Some baby animals sleep at night.
Baby animals need to learn.
Sometimes, people look after them.
Baby animals stay with their mums.
Some live in there mummy's pouch.
They love each other.
Some babies drink milk.
Some like water.
Some like to walk a lot.
Some like to lay around.
Baby animals stay together.
THE END

Holidays
The Sesame Street Gang went on a holiday.
Elmo and Coookie Monster went.
Big Bird went, too.
So did Oscar the Grouch!
They were relaxing all day.
When Oscar got bored, he asked everyone if they wanted to play.
They were all too tired.
Oscar thought up a mean plan.
He hung Elmo up,
scared Cookie Monster,
and waxed Big Bird's legs!
They all got angry.
Oscar was very sorry.
They forgave him!
They all continued their holiday.
The End!

Elmo Everywhere
I see you.
Eat me!
I sleep with you in your bed.
I can always see you.
It's my army of teddy bears.
I take baths with you.
I drink with you.
You killed me.
Let me out!
You hang me out to dry.
You made me swim without you.
I'm all alone.
I have your new friends.
I'm gonna get you.
You will never see me again.

Footy
Football is a tough game.
If you are good, you can become famous.
Big crowds turn up to games.
Grand finales are very big.
The crowd roars if you try.
They all dream of making the line.
One thing we will never forget is that we are all Aussies.

Rainbows
Rainbows.
M&Ms.
Lipstick.
Ice cream.
Fruit Loops.
Colourful.
Balloons.
Umbrella.
Awesome graffiti.
Yummy lollies.
Rainbow.
Sprinkled love heart.
Ghosts.
Yummy cake.
Colourful butterfly.
Rainbow zebra.
Rain, rain go away. Come again another day!
Rainbow valley.
Rainbows.
Rainbow bubbles.
Rainbow flower.
Rainbow friends.
Rainbow candy.
Rainbow bubble.

Yummy Pigs
You smell...
like pigs.
We ate you...
and bought more.
We ate them again because they are yummy.
We kills the pigs.

Colourful Things
I love colourful things!
Balloons.
Lollipops.
Curtins.
My room.
Ice cream.
M&Ms.
Rainbows.
Donuts.
Clothes.
Toys.
Jewelry.
Pictures.
Vans.
Make up.
Clowns.
Flowers.

The Monkey and the Cat
This is Fred.
This is Pancake.
Pancake was invited to a party.
This is where she met Fred.
They became best friends and they went on holidays.
They went to a fancy restaurant.
They had lots of smarties.
They had some drinks.
Then pancake went to bed.
Where's Fred?
He was out walking with his mate, Camel.
He got tired and went to bed.
They were very happy and lived together for the rest of their lives.
The End!

About Tyler
About Tyler
He got his head caught in the fence. He called for help.
The granny came to help.
So the husband took him for a walk.
He got hungry.
So he ate a berry.
Kung Fu Panda saw Tyler eating the berry so he got his best friend, Joe.
Joe came to Tyler and took his berry so Tyler got angry.
So Tyler went kung fu and attacked Joe and smashed him on the ground. The police came and took Joe to jail.

My New Pet
I need a new pet, but this dog smells.
This cat is ugly.
These swans smell like poo poo.
This cat eats too much.
Elmo is too loud.
I don't think I'll ever find a pet.
Snakes are too thin.
This donkey looks too ugly.
This sloth is just right.
Now I have a new pet.

Animals
Animals can:
be friendly,
very quiet,
pretty nosy,
very playful,
and cuddly.
They can be: slow,
or noisy,
sleepy,
fast swimming,
very, very friendly,
peaceful,
tall,
very sneaky,
scared,
or scary!!

D-Day
Americans landing on the beach.
Germans fighting off Americans.
USA break through!
Germans fall back.
Many Germans were killed.
Germans losing ground.
Germans surrender.
A lot of men died.
USA won!

Elmo and Cookie Monster
Once there was a man.
He went to the shops.
He found Cookie Monster.
They got on well (too well).
They loved to party.
But one day, when they were at a party, they found Elmo.
They didn't get on well!
So Elmo left!

Pace Bowlers of Cricket
Pace Bowlers of Cricket
This is Shane Bond. He bowls speeds of 140-150km/hr.
This is Shaun Tait. He bowls speeds of 145-154km/hr.
This is Brett Lee. He bowls speeds of 145-153km/hr.
Cricket has some real fast bowlers!

Players
Kurt Gidley is Sheepy's favourite player.
He likes him even though he isn't good.
Kurt Gidley always gets smashed.
Everyone is better than Jarryd Hayne.
Jarryd Hayne can't do anything and should be dropped. No one likes him.
I think The Dragons are better than all the other teams.

Frogs
The is a blue poison dart frog.
That looks dangerous.
The googly eye is always watching.
This frog is in a bit of a predicament.
I wonder what this frog got himself into.
Ouch!
That is just weird.
They are so AWESOME!
Look at that cyclops!
This frog must have some issues.
The End

Animals
This is a giraffe. His name is Gibby and he goes "Crunch" on his lunch.
This is a cow. His name is Milkshake and he says "Moo."
This is a horse. Her name is Bella and she says "Neigh."
This is a cat. Her name is Misty and she says "Meow."
This is a sheep and his name is Mitchel. He says "Baa."
This is a dog and his name is Louis. He says "Woof."
This is a chicken. Her name is Marshmallow and she says "Bock."
This is a monkey. His name is Bongo. He says "Ooh, ooh, ah, ah."

Deciduous Forest
The deciduous forest is a biome.  It is a forest.
Deer live in the forest.
Raccoon live in the forest.
Red maple trees live in the forest.
Oak trees live in the forest.
What else lives in the forest?

Soccer is the Best
Soccer is played all around the world.
Soccer can be played anywhere.
Here is someone playing soccer.
This is a soccer ball.
This is a soccer team. A team has 11 players.
This is the inside of a soccer stadium.
This is the atmosphere after a grand final.
This is the logo of the English Premier League.

Creamy's Family Album
This is a Labrador. His name is Creamy.
This is Creamy chewing a bone.
This is Creamy's mother, Fifi.
This is Fifi, and Creamy's father, Gerry.
This is Creamy's sister, Lucy.
This is Creamy being naughty.
This is Creamy's Uncle Fred.
And this is Creamy and his friend, Eli, having a staring competition.

What Part Do We Eat?
We all eat vegetables that come from plants.
Do you know what part of a plant a tomato is?
Is asparagus a stem or a flower?
Cauliflower is good with dip but is it a stem or a flower?
Carrots are good for your eyes. Are carrots a seed or a root?
Salads are great with fresh lettuce. Are we eating a flower or leaves?
YUMMY! Corn on the cob. Is it a seed or a root?
Broccoli with cheese sauce. Is it a flower or a stem?
Fresh spinach in a salad. Are we eating stems or leaves?
Crunchy celery with peanut butter. Is it a stem or a leaf?
Spicy radishes. Are they roots or flowers?

The 5 Regions of Georgia
Georgia has 5 biomes that are called regions.
The Blue Ridge.
The Coastal Plain.
The Piedmont.
Appalachian Plateau.
The Valley and Ridge.
These are Georgia's 5 regions.

Georgia
Atlanta is the largest city in Georgia.
The Atlantic Ocean borders Georgia.
Georgia has mountains and forests.
Whitetail deer live all over Georgia.
Black bears live in the Georgia mountains.
Copperheads are poisonous snakes and live in Georgia.
There are swamps in Georgia.  Alligators live in swamps.
Rabbits live in Georgia.  They can run fast!
Armadillas live in Georgia.  Have you ever seen one?
Raccon live in Georgia.
Possum live in Georgia.

Beautiful Skies
The evening sky paints a magnificent picture over the farm.
Beautiful sunsets hypnotize the viewer as the sun fades.
Mounds of swirling clouds dance like swans amongst the awaiting clouds.
The tree nestles its limbs against the soothing warmth of the pale blue sky.
El Buey defends his territory beneath the fading blue sky.
Luminous clouds await its  traveling visitor.
What a wonderful adventure to behold  God's wonders beyond the Earth!

Animals From the Tundra
The brown bear lives in the tundra. The brown bear sleeps in the winter.
The eagle moves away in the cold winter.
Hey, get out of my space!
I have something that you do not have...black rings around my eyes!
I found an acorn.
I am enjoying the sunshine.
Guess who I am? I can do something that you can't. I can crawl side ways.
I am blue, and I like it that way!
Mr. Moose is up-close!

Life in the Marshland
Life in the Marshland
Many different animals and organisms live together in the coastal areas.
This heron needs the marsh to live.
Trees are needed for animal homes.
Seagulls are looking for food.
Long walkways are built to get to the channels when the tide is out.
People like to ride in boats for fun and fishing.
This dragonfly blends in with the grass.
Can you find the turtle?
Beautiful birds are found here.
Many colors can be found.

Ducks
The ducks are following their mother home.
One duck is telling the other duck a secret.
I think these ducks make a perfect couple.
Can we take a walk on the beach?
Take a deep breath and jump in the water with me.

Animals of the Rainforest
Many different animals live in the rainforest.
The red-eyed tree frog uses his webbed feet to cling to trees in the rainforest.
The three-toed sloth moves very slowly through the rainforest.
The white-faced monkey swings through the trees in the rainforest.
The toucan uses his large beak to crack open nuts to eat in the rainforest.
The green tree snake blends in with the green leaves of the rainforest.
The anteater searches for termites on the floor of the rainforest.
The tree porcupine uses his curved claws to cling to tree branches in the rainforest.
The jaguar hunts for prey in the jungles of the rainforest.
The macaw parrot flies over the canopy of the rainforest.

Who Lives Where?
Who lives in the ocean?
A dolphin lives in the ocean.
A jelly fish lives in the ocean.
Who lives in the forest?
A deer lives in the forest.
A bear lives in the forest.
Who lives in the desert?
A camel lives in the desert.
A scorpion lives in the desert.
Who lives in the jungle?
A tiger lives in the jungle.
A monkey lives in the jungle.
Who lives in the arctic?
Penguins live in the arctic.
Polar bears live in the arctic.
Who lives in a house?
Dogs live in a house.
Cats live in a house.

Plants and Animals of the Ocean
Many different plants and animals live in the ocean.
Billions of different colorful fish live in the ocean.
Jellyfish float slowly up and down in the ocean.
Starfish dig in the sand and live on the ocean floor.
Sea turtles swim in the deep, blue water.
LOOK OUT! Sharks live in the ocean and eat other fish.
Seaweed gives the fish oxygen.
Many fish make their home in coral.
Seagulls fly over the ocean and dive into the water to find fish.
Crabs walk on the beach and dig holes in the sand.
The ocean is a place where many plants and animals make their homes.

Animals and Their Homes
Animals and Their Homes
The jungle is hot and rainy.
The jungle has a lot of trees.
Monkeys live in the jungle.
The forest is hot in the summer.
The forest is cold in the winter.
The forest has a lot of trees.
Deer live in the forest.
The ocean is a large body of water.
Fish live in the ocean.

Animals in the Jungle
This is a jungle. What animals live in the jungle?
A tiger can live in the jungle.
How many tigers do you see? There are three tigers.
A lion can live in the jungle.
How many lions do you see? There are two lions.
A monkey can live in the jungle.
How many monkeys do you see? There are four monkeys.
A zebra can live in the jungle.
There are too many zebras to count! The zebras are going away!

Wetlands
This is a wetland. Why is it called a wetland?
What will you always find in a wetland?
What lives in this wetland?
These are swans.  What do they like?
This is a swamp.  It is a type of wetland.
Snakes live in wetlands.

Animals and Their Environments
Where do the animals live?
The cow lives on the farm.
The cow eats grass to live.
The bird lives in the tree.
The bird eats worms to live.
The shark lives underwater.
The shark eats fish to live.
Where do you live?
What do you like to eat?

Helping Our Environment
The boy went to pick up trash.
Picking up trash is good for the world.
The boy put a seed in the soil.
The seed turned into a tree.
Trees give us air to live.
The girl recycles paper to help trees.
The more we recycle, the more books we have.
The father rides a bike to work to help the world.
Cars are bad for the world.
We work together to help our world.

Growing on the Farm
Growing on the Farm
Corn grows tall.
I was a small calf.
Tomatoes grow round and red.
I grew into a goat.
Sunflowers are yellow.
From piglet to racing pig.
Wheat is ready for bread.
I'm a pony now. Soon I will be a horse.
Puffy cotton is ready.
I'm growing into a chicken.
ALL GROWN!

Biomes
This is a desert. What lives in the desert?
A scorpion lives in the desert.
Snakes live in the desert.
Cactus live in the desert.
This is a deciduous forest.
The leaves change colors in a deciduous forest.
Deer live in the forest.
Bears live in the forest.
This is a grassland. What lives in the grassland?
Long ago, buffalo lived on the grassland.
Animals eat the plants in the grasslands. Bees like clover.
The Arctic Tundra is very cold! This is an iceberg.
Wolves live in the tundra.
Polar bears like the snow.
The taiga is a high mountain area. What lives here?
Eagles are found in the taiga.
Moose live in the taiga.
What biomes are found in the United States?

Five Branches of the Military
We have the Army.
We have the Navy.
We have the Air Force.
We have the Marines.
We have the Coast Guard.
Men and women who serve their country...
are called soldiers. They go to war for us.
They protect and defend our country. They protect people in other countries.
They are our heroes because of their courage. Sometimes, they die to protect our freedom.
The highest award they can receive is a medal known as the Purple Heart.
Always remember to say, "Thank You," to soldiers for their service.

The Life Cycle of a Butterfly
A tiny egg is laid on a leaf.
The egg hatches, and the caterpillar comes out.
The caterpillar forms the chrysalis or pupa.
The chrysalis matures into a beautiful butterfly.

Dogs
This puppy is thinking about something important.
I wonder where these dogs are going.
This is a police dog and he looks upset.
Dogs want love and attention, just like humans.
This dog is just sitting around.

Animal Homes
Penguins live in the Arctic. There is a lot of ice and snow.
Camels live in the desert. They use their humps to store water.
Ducks live in the water. They swim in ponds and lakes.
A deer lives in the forest.
Dolphins live and swim in the ocean.
Butterflies live near flowers so that they have plenty of nectar to drink.
Lions live on the plains in Africa.
Cows live on a farm. They often spend their nights in a barn.
A toucan lives in the jungle. See how colorful he is?
A small puppy lives in a house. He loves to cuddle.

On the Farm
Farmers work all year long.
Some farmers use tractors to help with their work.
Some farms grow food for animals.
Some farms have cows.
In the fall, farmers harvest their crops.
Farmers work hard everyday.
Do you want to be a farmer?

Freedom
Music inspires people all around the world and it makes you think what might happen in the future.
Dance
shows you the person you really are and what you live for.
The place I was born is where I want to stay.
If we didn't have shoes, what will we be walking in?
Beaches make my life better because I feel free.
I'm living life to the fullest with no regrets.
Freedom is all I live for.

One to Five
One red boat.
Two black cats.
Three blue jets.
Four yellow bananas.
Five orange pumpkins.

My Dog, Coco
My dog came from an abusive owner.
When we got her, she was nothing but skin and bones.
Her owner did not feed her at all.
Her brother and her mom both died because of the condition they were in.
She did not know what love was until we rescued her. Now Coco is happy and healthy again.

Pitbulls are Mean
I love this dog. I want him for my pet.
He is a pretty dog.
I love this pit bull. She is pretty, too.
This pit bull has a horse leash with his name on it.
This pit bull has a pretty leash. I want all of them for my pets.

Nice Wipes
Two tone cars can be sick if they're done right.
I love this color but not the trim.
Black on black is sick, too.
One day, I'm going to get me one.

I Love Scorpions!
This scorpion is RED, which makes it look SEXY!!!
This one is BLACK and very DANGEROUS!
You can eat them in any kind of plates, especially in China. YUMMY!!!
If you mess around with them, they will kill you. HAHA!!!
NEVER mess around with a scorpion!!!

Tigers are Pretty
The baby tiger cub is getting a piggyback ride.
The white tigers are just sitting around.
The tiger is very powerful.
The white tiger and the orange tiger are loving each other.
The 2 orange tigers are taking a rest.

I Like Basketball
I like basketball.
I like to play basketball at recess with my friends.
I like to shoot the ball and score 5 points during the game!
Basketball is my favorite sport because I am good at it.
The End!

Birds Everywhere!
These flamingos are making a beautiful heart!
This hummingbird is sad because she can't find any nectar.
This hummingbird is happy because she is on a branch.
These penguins are playing in the snow.
This hummingbird is having nectar for supper.
These peacock feathers look pretty.

My School
I ride the bus to school each day!
I enjoy seeing my friends.
I like to go to the playground!
I like to jump on the trampoline.
I play with many toys at school.
I like to read books.

Poodles are Cute!
These poodles are waiting for the bus.
This poodle has fancy hair.
This poodle is a newborn.  She is so cute.
These poodles are sisters.
These poodles are tired.  They are in bed.
These poodles are playing ball.
These poodles are waiting for a treat.
These poodles are happy because they are playing.

Hummingbirds are Amazing!
Some hummingbirds live in Minnesota.
Did you know hummingbirds have a nickname?
Hummingbirds have no song.
Their wings are what make the humming sound.
Hummingbirds love the color red.
Hummingbirds eat sugar water.
They also like to eat nectar from flowers.
Hummingbirds fly alone.
They can fly up, down, forwards, and sideways.

What Gabriel Likes
I like candy.
I like pizza.
I like to eat fish.
I like to eat chicken.
I love corn.
I love to drink juice.
I love music.
I like flowers.
I like to eat cookies.
I like to eat potatoes.
I like McDonald's.
I like to play Chinese checkers.
I like Bill Cosby.

Blue  Jays
Blue Jays are large, bright blue and white bird.
He has a black necklace.
They are about 12 inches long.
The male and female build the nest together.
It is about the size of a cup.
Blue Jays lay 4 to 5 
blue-green eggs with brown markings.
They live in Minnesota year round.
Blue Jays eat nuts, seeds, insects and fruit.
They drink water from bird baths.
Blue Jays are smart birds.
I like Blue Jays.

The Two Margies
School time, Margie!
School time, Margie!
I don't want to go to school! I'll be lonely.
I don't want to go to school! I'll be lonely.
Look Margie! There's a little girl and her mother. Hello!
Look Margie! There's a little girl and her mother. Hello!
Hello.
Hello.
My name is Margie.
My name is Margie, too!
Let's be friends.
Yes, let's be friends.
School is fun!
Yes, school IS fun!
Home time, Margie.
Home time, Margie.

Movies and Me
Movies and Me
This is Sandlot.
This is Garfield.
This is Garfield Two.
This is Good Boy. I love dogs!
Do you know Alvin and the Chipmunks?
This is Alvin and the Chipmunks 2.
This is Because of Winn Dixie.
This is Soccer Dog.
Have you seen Daddy Daycare?
This is The Incredibles.
This is Ice Age.
This is Ice Age 2 The Meltdown.
Have you seen Ice Age 3 Dawn of the Dinosaurs?
This is Brother Bear. Look at Koda!
This is Pocahontas.
Have you seen Robots? Rodney Copperbottom is so cool.
This is Shrek.
This is Shrek 2.
Have you seen Shrek the 3rd? I like the babies.
This is the Monster's, Inc. DVD.
This is a Finding Nemo DVD.
Have you seen the movie, UP?
This is Polar Express.  I like the train.  It is a good Christmas movie.
This is Planet 51.  I just saw this movie.
The End

Fall Harvest Farm
We are going to the farm!
We will ride on the bus.
We will see animals at the farm.
Goats!
Chicks!
Roosters!
Cows!
Pigs!
Sheep.
We will go on a hay ride.
We will ride in the corn field.
We will learn about different types of corn.
We will have a picnic lunch.
We will ride the bus back to school!

A Day in the Outdoors
It's nice to wake up to a beautiful sunrise.
Once the sun is up, it's time for an egg breakfast.
A good catch at noon puts dinner on the table.
It's time to eat! Gathering around to fry up the catch of the day.
It's now late evening. It's time to catch fireflies.
What a great day in the outdoors!

Muscle Cars
I like muscle trucks.
I like going to muscle car shows.
I like muscle cars.
I love Lamborghinis.
I love my grandpa's truck.

Joel's Future
I like to ride horses this way.
I might get hurt when I am falling off my horse.
I like to ride dangerous bulls.
Barrel racing is fun to do.
Calf roping is not that easy.
Rodeo clowns are funny.
I train my horse for the rodeo.
I have fun with my horse sometimes.
It is my choice to ride a bull.
I want to be a rodeo star just like my dad.

Habitats
Habitats are places where animals live.
The muskrat lives in wetlands such as swamps, marshes, ponds and lakes.
This is a beaver den that is a habitat of a muskrat.
The muskrat likes to eat water plants, like lily pads. Sometimes they eat snails, frogs and insects.
The otter lives near dams, lakes and ponds.
The otter dives for fish.
Muskrats and otters both like to live in dens made by beavers. These dens are their habitat.

The Great Horned Owl
The Great Horned Owl flies quietly.
The Great Horned Owl uses its beak to eat carrion.
The Great Horned Owl flies around at night.
The Great Horned Owl lives in trees.
The Great Horned Owl sleeps during the day.
We love the Great Horned Owl!

Hot and Cold
Fire is hot.
Ice is cold.
The sun is hot.
Snow is cold.
Soup is hot.
Ice cream is cold.
A stove is hot.
A refrigerator is cold.
The End

Going Bowling
My class is going bowling.
I hope I get a strike or a spare!
Bowling is fun!
I am happy to be bowling with my class.
I will put on my shoes, pick out my ball and have fun with my friends.

We Like Butterflies
Butterflies are beautiful.
Butterflies have bright colors.
Moths have dull colors.
Butterflies eat the nectar from flowers.
Butterflies also eat fruit.

Fast Cars
Fast car.
Real fast car!
Going to work fast.
Going home fast.
Going fast on the road.
Big motors for fast cars.
Car ready to race.
Looking at the race.
Cars race.
Racing track.
Car going fast on track!
Car outrunning a plane!
Fast car blowing smoke.
Man that works on fast cars.
Winner of the race!

Snowy Egret
Snowy Egret
Snowy Egrets eat frogs, fish and bugs.
The Snowy Egret has a black bill and yellow feet.
It flies through Minnesota.
It does not eat at bird feeders.
Their feathers were used in hats.
The nests are built of twigs.
They are pretty birds.

Snow Geese
Snow geese are mostly white.
They migrate through Minnesota.
They eat fish.
They are not endangered.
They travel in large, noisy flocks.
The flock looks like a snowstorm.
They fly very high in the sky.
I like snow geese, and I like my book.

Training for Bowling
Bowling
Look at all the special bowling shoes.
Go to the counter and ask for bowling shoes.
Tell the person behind the counter your shoe size.
Walk to the seats at the bowling lanes.
Put the bowling shoes on your feet.
Choose your bowling ball.
Put it on the ball return.
Put your name in the computer.
Sit down and wait for your name to come up.
Some of our friends will use a bowling ramp to help them bowl.
Your turn. Hold your bowling ball with both hands. Walk to the start of the lane.
Don't cross the foul line.
Now you can let go of the bowling ball. You roll it down the lane.
WOW! The ball went down the lane and hit the pins.
Sometimes, your ball goes into the gutter. That's okay.
Your ball comes back.
Your turn. Hold your bowling ball with both hands. Walk to the start of the lane.
Don't cross the foul line.
Try again. Now you can let go of the bowling ball. You roll it down the lane.
Great! The ball went down the lane to hit the pins.
Now sit down and wait for the next person to bowl. Take turns.
You will bowl for 10 frames.
All finished! Once everyone has bowled we are done.

What Sean Likes...
I like big girls.
I like pizza.
I like games.
I like music.
I like sandwiches.
I like Janet Jackson.
I like dancing.

A Lot of Pumpkins
Pumpkins come in different sizes and shapes.
This is a Sponge Bob pumpkin.
This is pumpkin candy.
These are big pumpkins.
These pumpkins are in a 
wheelbarrow.
There are lots of pumpkins.
This pumpkin candy looks good.
I love pumpkin cupcakes.
You can make jack-o-lanterns out of pumpkins.

What Klaressa Likes
I like kites.
I like cookies.
I like 
cheeseburgers.
I love video games.
I love to sing.
I love ice cream.
I like to draw.
I like candy.
I like to learn.

If You Don't Throw Your Garbage in the Trash Can, Where Does it Go?
If you don't throw your garbage in the trash can, where does it go?
Mary went to the park with her friends.  She and her friends enjoyed sharing some food.
When they finished eating, Mary left garbage and a plastic bag on the ground.
The wind blew the plastic bag away.
The wind continued to blow the plastic bag to the street,
to the top of the tree,
and over the fence.
When the wind stopped, the plastic bag fell in the sewer.
The plastic bag flowed to the river with the other garbage.
The plastic bag continued to flow to the ocean and stayed there until...
The fish in the ocean started to eat the plastic bag and the other garbage.
Our garbage will poison many of the fish.
A fisherman caught the fish from the ocean.
He sold the fish in the market.
Mary's mother bought the fish.
Mary's mother cooked Mary's favorite fish dish.
Mary ate her favorite fish dish.
Where did the trash go?

Honey for Heffalump
Honey for Heffalump
Lumpy and Roo
are friends.
Lumpy is hungry.
Pooh is hungry, too.
Pooh is looking 
for honey.
Pooh finds honey.
A bee stings Pooh.
Pooh finds honey.
Pooh shares with his friends.

The Number 2
This is the number 2.
There are two cats. One, two!
There are two pumpkins. One, two!
There are two boats. One, two!
There are two baseballs. One, two!
This is the number 2.

I Like...
I like red and blue.
I like Rudy Fernández.
I like Lebron James.
I like horse riding.
I like bumper cars.
I like ham.
I like Muesli bars.
I like the violin.
I like the flute.
I like going downhill.
I like going down a slide.
What do you like?

Volcanoes
Volcanoes
Volcanoes look like mountains from the outside.
Inside, the volcano is a magma chamber.
Magma is hot, liquid rock.
Sometimes, volcanoes erupt.
Lava, rocks, and poisonous gases come out of a volcano when it erupts.
Volcanoes can cause destruction to people and cities.
The end

Pumpkin Fun
Pumpkins are fun!
Some are big.
Some are small.
They decorate the porch.
They sit by the wall.
Some look happy.
Some look mad.
But pumpkins always...
make me glad!

Life
Death is like life. You don't always know what's coming next.
You never know what you have til it's gone.
Life will eat you alive to where you don't want to live anymore.
Some people say that dying is the best way to get away.
And if you think this way, you are a...
VAMPIRE!

The Best Dog Ever
When I got him,
he was a bad a**.
He thought he was so coooool!
He really liked dog food.
He loved to play in the grass outside.
He loved to swim.
Every time I would take him outside, he would play with the frog.
He loved cats.
He loved to sleep a lot.
He got old.
10 years ago, he passed away.

Preston's Rocks
Did you know that rocks come in different shapes and sizes.
One interesting thing is that they can be in lava.
Some can break pretty easily.
I wonder how they are made.

A Day Out With Thomas
A Day Out With Thomas
Thomas is a tank engine.
Thomas looks like a real tank engine.
Thomas, Percy, Gordon, James, Henry and Edward go to the train station.
I like Thomas.

Animals
Will likes this raccoon.
The penguins are full of snow.
Anna likes these sleepy cats.
Will likes these lemurs.
Will and Anna like this deer.
This cat is cute.
We don't know what this is that is staring at us.
YIKES!
The frog looks likes he's on fire.
The laughing donkey. Hee hee hee haw.
This dog is black and cute.
This dog is very, very cute.
Will thinks these are cute meerkats.
This dog thinks he's a baby swinging in the baby swing.
This kitty is peeking around the wall. Animals are fun.

Pumpkins
To grow a pumpkin, you need pumpkin seeds.
Somebody painted and carved pumpkins. These pumpkins are funny!
Here is pumpkin squash. It was grown by a squash plant.
We put pumpkins in our windows.

Shopping Stores
I like going shopping.
I like to go shopping with Angelica.
I like cute dresses and cute jackets.
I like flip flops.
I love buying shoes.

When I Grow Up
When I'm grown up, I am going to have 4 little West Highland Terriers.
Don't you think they are so cute?
I do!
They are crazy little things!
They love to play!
They are very loving dogs!!  I love them.

BMXing
I got my first bike.
Then I got my first good BMX bike.
I started doing manuals.
Then I started riding half pipes and got good at that.
Then I got crazy.
I started to do really cool  things.
I was good because I had no fear.
I fall sometimes.
But I get back up and do it again.
Sometimes, I try things out of my skill level.
BMXing is the best sport.

Friendship
There will be a time in your life when you need a friend to back you up...
to love and care for you.
They're also there to have good times.
Sometimes, you and your friend will fight BUT that's normal.
In the end, you and your friend will love, care and trust each other.
That's just what friends are for and that's just what friends do.

Our Favorite Fall Activities
Our Favorite Fall Activities
Perla likes going to the park.
Aaliyah and David like going back to school.
Hyob likes going on hay rides.
Shaun and Malik like playing football games.
Shanika likes the changing leaves.
Osman likes going for a walk.

Big Bill's Story
Hi! My name is Billy. Welcome to my story.
I live in Barrington, Rhode Island.
I like to play drums in the music room with Matt.
I like to look at pictures of animals.
Sometimes, I like to sneak potato chips.
I like to look at Kevin's Simpson's book.
Sometimes, my mom brings me a McDonald's salad to school for lunch.
Sometimes, I try to take a nap at school.
Thanks for reading my story.

Batman and Robin
Batman and Robin wear masks.
I like the Batman and Robin book.
Batman's belt is cool.
Batman's car is cool.
Batman is cool.
Batman flies.

Football is Cool
The Texans are playing football.
Football is cool.
The kicker kicks a field goal.
The player scored a touchdown.
The quarterback calls the play.
The defense tries to tackle the running back.
Hurray for Texas!
The Houston Texans won the Super Bowl!

Cute Puppies
This looks like Chloe's puppy. She is a Peekapoo.
These 4 puppies are great and cute.
This looks like Mrs. Anderson's puppy named Captain.
This boy loves his puppy.
This puppy looks so funny with his ears up high.

Tundra Swans
Tundra Swans
Tundra Swans live in North America.
They eat aquatic plants.
They make a whistling honk.
Swans like to swim.
Swans like the water.
They build their nests on the tundra.
They like to fly.
In the winter, they sleep in the water.
Migrating birds go north to Northern Canada.
View the large birds in the town of Aylmer.
These birds are at the Aylmer Bird Sanctuary.

The Loon
Welcome to Ebony's  book.
Loons mainly eat fish.
They live in a nest and water.
They have a high pitch voice.
The size of a loon ranges form 26 - 35.8 in. long.
The bird is beautiful.
The loon's weight ranges from 88.2 - 215.2 oz.
The loon is a  good loon.
Their behavior  includes  diving under water for fish.
This is a book of Ebony's  good work, and you will see it on the internet.

Terminators
These are the resistance.
This is  Terminator. He is tough.
This is  Terminator from movie 4.
Here are Robocop and Terminator fighting.
Terminators rock!

Nice Dogs
Clifford is a big, red dog.
Scooby Doo is a big, smart dog.
Brian is a small, funny dog.
Odie is a small, silly dog.
The puppies are small, cute dogs.
The pug dog is a small, adorable dog.
This is a small, sleepy dog.
This is a big, happy dog.
The Lady and the Tramp are dogs in love.

Fall Fun
Fall is fun!  Here's what we like to do.
I like to jump in leaves.
I like to carve pumpkins.
I like to say trick or treat.
I like to ride in a hay wagon.
I like to roast hot dogs.
I like to make bonfires.
I like to rake leaves.
Fall is fun!

Birthdays
My birthday is July 10th.
Jaime's birthday is August 31st.
Brenda's birthday is July 7th.
Destiny's birthday is June 15th.
Keenen's birthday is February 19th.
Rochadd's birthday is January 6th.
Rudy's birthday is April 30th.
Fernando's birthday is November 2nd.
Henry's birthday is September 15th.
Mrs. Brown's birthday is October 8th.
Ms. VonDissen's birthday is October 17th.
Ms. Way's birthday is November 1st.

Our Favorite Colors
My favorite color is pink.
My favorite color is purple.
My favorite color is brown.
My favorite color is blue.
My favorite color is green.
My favorite color is purple.
My favorite color is yellow.
My favorite color is blue.
My favorite color is blue.
My favorite color is red.
My favorite color is yellow.

Mark Likes the Eagles
This is Chris Judd.
These are the Eagles.
They are training.
This is The Derby.
The Dockers won. Damn!
You can watch football on TV.
Or you can go to the game.
Everyone likes football.

Being Friends
Everyone has friends.
You can cuddle your friends
Friends make you laugh.  Telling jokes helps you get friends.
At school, shake hands.
Have different kinds of friends.
Work hard to climb through the hard times.
See the flowers, not the sting!
Try to help other people.

Making Friends
It is nice to have friends.
Sometimes, it's nice to have a hug from friends.
Sometimes, it's nice to have a special friend.
We can make lots of friends
Sometimes, it's nice to be by yourself.
We can always have fun with our friends.

Dogs
I LIKE DOGS!!
I like ugly dogs.
I like small dogs.
I like lazy dogs.
I like mean dogs.

Lowriders
You can make Lowrider car models.
They put designs on Lowrider rims.
You can also be creative with a Lowrider car or just make a plain Lowrider.
People that own Lowriders don't drive them. They just have them for show.
People make crazy drawings on their cars, too.
People also have Lowrider bikes.
The best car to be a Lowrider is an Impala.

Music
I LOVE MUSIC!!!
When I listen to music, I get relaxed.
I also like to think about my boyfriend when I listen to music. I think about all the good times.
When I got my mp3 player, I would always take it everywhere I go.
I really love music. Music is my everything. It calms me down.

Jose
This is the best boyfriend I have ever had. He is my everything.
The first time I kissed Jose, I felt butterflies in my stomach, and I couldn't stop thinking about him.
I wanna get married to him.
I wanna go on my honeymoon to a beautiful beach.
I wanna have 3 kids with him.
6.05.08 4 ever. I love you, Jose.

A Day at the Beach
How beautiful!
It's  a stormy day.
The ocean is calm.
What a pretty sunset!
I can imagine myself here!
The water is so clear.

Fight
Did you watch the fight?
It was awesome!
There were hard hits.
There were fast kicks.
There was blood everywhere!
The underdog won.
Next time, you should watch with me.

Magnets
Magnets stick to metal.
Magnets stick to each other.
Magnets can be all shapes and sizes.
We use magnetic letters at school.
Magnets can be fun.

Sam Likes...
Sam is a dog.
Sam likes the beach.
Sam likes the swings.
Sam likes the garbage.
Sam likes the water.
Sam likes the computer.
Sam likes the sofa.
Sam does not like the jacket!

The Mean Man
A Pit Bull was barking.
He was barking at the mean man.
The mean man said, "Stop barking!"
Then the Pit Bull started crying at Brenda.
Brenda said, "Stop yelling at my dog!"
Then she went to the police, and the police took the man to jail.

Mr. A's
We went to Mr. A's restaurant.
First, we got on the bus.
Vlad was on the bus.
Zach was on the bus.
Next, we ordered our lunch.
Eugene ordered grilled cheese and french fries.
Then we walked to the playground.
Zach liked the train.
Vlad had fun on the truck.
Eugene liked the swing.
After it was all done, we rode back to school on the bus.

Bees, Flowers, Birds, Honey
Squirrels eat berries.
Birds eat berries.
Bees help berries grow.
Berries grow from flowers.
Just like other fruit.
Some flowers are pink.
Some are yellow.
Some flowers are white.
Some people make 
necklaces out of flowers.
Butterflies like 
flowers.
Butterflies get nectar from flowers.
You can make
wishes on some flowers.
Bees get nectar from flowers and in return give them pollen.
Then bring the pollen to the hive to make honey.
At the hive, the bees put it into empty hexagon shaped pockets in the hive.
Then we gather 
the honey and then market it.
Bears love honey.
Foxes eat honey.

Things I Do Every Day!!
I take a bus to school every day.
I brush my teeth each day.
Breakfast is an important part of my day.
I make sure I get enough rest.
I enjoy spending time with my dog.
I like to get plenty of exercise.
I enjoy time with friends.
I work and have quiet hands and feet at my desk.
I enjoy listening to tapes.
I use my CCTV often.
I go places like Target on community.
I enjoy McDonald's!
I love to spend time with my family!

Graham's Silly Bike Ride
My book will be about a bike ride.
It is a yellow bike.
The bike is very fast.
We will ride 3 miles.
My mom and Hannah will ride with me.
I will ride my bike into the town of Mill Valley.
We will ride to the Steak House.
I will eat steak for dinner.
I will have cake for dessert.
After dinner, we will get back on our bikes.
An orange cat runs out in front of us.
Mom and I fall off the bike.
We all start laughing.
We decide it is time to go home and we ride off together.
The End

Penguins
This penguin is covered in snow.
These penguins have yellow bellies.
These funny looking penguins are ice skating.
One of these penguins is not the same as the others.
The baby penguin is lost. Oh no!
The penguins are going down the slide.  "Wheeeeeeeeee!"
The penguins are in love.
The baby penguins are in a line.
Penguins are so cute, especially when they wobble.

Cars
This car goes fast!
This car goes fast!
This car goes fast!
This car goes fast!
These cars go fast!
This car goes slowly.

Daniel's Story
Hi! My name is Daniel.
I live in East Providence, Rhode Island.
Some people think I look like A Rod.
I always put ketchup and mustard on everything... even pizza!
I like to eat candy at home
I like to go on field trips with Kevin and Ray.
I like to work at Big Lots.
I need to stay sitting in a chair.
I like pictures of trains.
I came into school wearing a Russian hat but it wasn't mine!

Animals and Sports
Animals and Sports
The Lemur is boxing!
The ducks are swimming.
Dancing kitty.
Hunting for rabbits.
Who's going to win?
Who's going to win the match?
Synchronized swimming.
Down dog.

Columbus' First Voyage
Columbus sailed the ocean blue in 1492.
He sailed three ships called  the Nina, the Pinta, and the Santa Maria.
He sailed west to reach "The East."
He did not reach the Asian shores like he wanted to.
Instead, he found the new land we now call North America.

2
This is the number 2.
There are two birds.
Let's count the zebras.  One, two.
Two mice. One, two.

My Dog and Cat
My dog and cat are buddies.
My dog and cat like to play.
My dog loves my cat.
My dog and cat like to party.

Different American Hairstyles
This hairstyle is called cornrows and is popular with African Americans.
Dreadlocks are from Jamaican culture and are worn by many people today.
This style is known as the Mohawk (popular with rock stars).
The hairstyle worn by these guys is called a fade.
This style of hair is called an Afro. This is a natural style.

Big Things, Little Things
Big purse!
Little purse.
Big hand!
Little hand.
Big ring!
Little ring.
Big smile!
Little smile.
A big ring brings a big smile!
A little ring brings a little smile.

Deadly Sharks
Sharks have been around for 400 million years.
They have not changed much in the last 150 million years.
The Great White Shark is one of the biggest sharks.
Sometimes, sharks that are eating attract other sharks.
People kill thousands of sharks each year. Sometimes, their skin is used for leather.
Not all sharks attack their prey. Some eat only plankton.
Their skin protects them from injury.
There are about 100 shark attacks each year. About 10 result in death.
Sharks can have 1 to 100 babies at a time.
I like learning about sharks. 
I hope you learn a lot from reading this book.

The Elephant Count
Elephant in the zoo.
Elephant eating food.
Elephant having a laugh.
Elephant taking a bath.
Elephant playing a game.
Elephant walking in water.
Elephant strolling along.
Elephant going through the wood.
Elephant in the rain.
Elephant riding a train.

What  Danah Likes
I like bowling.
I like earrings.
I like popcorn.
I like shoes.
I like clothes.
I like swimming.
I like dancing.

Mother, Father and Three (Book 1)
Once there was a mother of three boys. Her name was Jill.
She swung John on the swing.
She watched Billy be silly.
Phil played in the tall grass.
Father was almost home.
Cat and Mother had a talk about when Father would get there.
John secretly heard them.
Uncle and Aunt
 were coming because Father wasn't there.
Father was coming.
Billy wasn't being silly.
When will Father be here?
Father was finally home,
and he was tired.

Grace's L Book
Leaf
Lunch
Lion
Legs
Lamb
Lake
Lime
Laugh
Ladder
Lamp

Army
They are protecting us.
They have to be good at driving.
They are very strict.
They look very nice in uniform.

Kids
Kids love to dress up for Halloween.
They also like to blow bubbles.
Kids love to play in the water on very hot days.
They love to play outside in the leaves.
Kids love to eat ice cream.
Some kids like to play inside and dress up.
Some girls and boys like to read together in the dark.
They love to give hugs and kiss kids.
They like to help you around the house.
That is all for now!!

Learning to Type
I am learning where the keys are on the keyboard!
Sometimes, I use the laptop computer.
We use computers in school.
I practice using two hands!
I like using the computer!

Guitars by Rudy
I like guitars.
Black guitars.
New guitars.
Old guitars.
Orange guitars.
I like guitars.

Longhorns are Beasts
They are so big.
They are really mean.
They can be nice, too.
They have the biggest horns.
They can be hairy or fluffy.

My Life of Basketball
I love playing basketball.
I've been playing basketball since I was four.
I play basketball outside.
And inside on a team.
Michael Jordan is my hero.

The Worst Dog Ever
Hank.
This is the worst dog ever. His name is Hank.
This is his friend, Lincoln.
When he was a puppy, he was very cute.
Even then, he was still the worst dog ever.
Hank dressed as a prisoner for Halloween, and Lincoln was Yoda.
But Hank stole Lincoln's Yoda ears...
WORST DOG EVER.
Hank loves his Santa toy.
He has the longest tongue in the world.
He loves to get on the couch (NOT ALLOWED!).
But sometimes...
The worst dog ever meets someone who's even WORSE than him.
The End

Four-Wheeling with Uncle Keith, Uncle Billy, Uncle Brian and Dad
This is a four-wheeler.
Uncle Keith is going on two wheels on a four-wheeler.
My dad is going fast doing a donut in the grass. We have been out for an hour.
Uncle Brian is in the woods doing wheelies. He is going fast.
Uncle Billy is sliding fast. He is doing jumps and tricks.
Becky almost flipped over Billy's four-wheeler. Billy was fine with that.
My dad let me drive his four-wheeler in the snow and ice. I went sliding. I almost crashed.
Now we are done four-wheeling for today.

Pumpkins
Pumpkins are popular in the fall.
Pumpkins start as seeds that are planted into the ground.
Pumpkins grow in gardens, farm fields or in a pumpkin patch.
The pumpkins are harvested in the fall.
There are lots of things we can do with pumpkins.
We can scoop out the seeds.
The seeds can be seasoned and baked in the oven.  They taste good and make a great snack.
Pumpkin can be used to make pumpkin soup.
Pumpkin can be baked into a pumpkin pie.
Pumpkin can be baked into delicious pumpkin bread.
At Halloween time, people cut open pumpkins and scoop out the pumpkin guts.
They carve a face on the pumpkin and put a candle inside to make it glow.
Pumpkins with faces are called jack-o-lanterns.
What would you do with a pumpkin?

Fluffy the Cat
Fluffy the Cat
Fluffy chases ducks by the water.
Fluffy  hunts ducks.
Fluffy  tries to catch ducks.
Fluffy chases ducks in the farmyard.
Fluffy chases ducks in the flowers.
A bee is in the flowers.
Fluffy jumps to get a duck.
The bee stings Fluffy.
Fluffy runs.
Fluffy does not like bees.
No more ducks for Fluffy.

The Cat
Look!  I can see a fat cat.
This cat is black.
This black cat has white spots.
Look!  Can this cat read?
These cats are on a blue mat.
Will a cat see this brown rat?
Look!  This white rat is hiding.
Will these cats run to get the rat?
Go cat. Go! Go! Go!

Spelling Words
The dog has a ball under his chin.
We can chop an onion.
You have to be rich to stay here.
We have never seen such ice.
The bag is colorful.
What is that on top of the mountain?
There are three mops.
I like her cap.
When were these photos shot?
Those are interesting huts.
They are having a sack race.

What We All Should Know About Food
This is a  healthy snack.
Fried Twinkies are very  unhealthy.
This is a  healthy dinner.
French fries are unhealthy because they are deep fried.
This is a  healthy side dish for dinner.
Pizza is not a healthy dinner.
Fast food is unhealthy.
Too much candy can lead to obesity.

What is a Map?
A map is a picture of a place that is usually drawn on a flat surface. We can see many things on a map.
A compass rose is a design on a map to show the points of a compass.
A continent is a main landmass on a globe.
There are 7 continents: Europe, Asia, North America, South America, Africa, Australia, and Antarctica.
The world can be the Earth or can be shown on a globe.
An ocean is a huge body of salt water that covers almost 3/4 of the Earth's surface.
There are four oceans: the Atlantic, the Pacific, the Indian and the Arctic.

Screws
This is a screw.
A screw is a simple machine.
A screw can be used to hold things together.
A screw can also be used to lift things.
These screws hold pieces of wood together.
The top of a jar is a screw that holds the lid on.
Screws help to make work easier!
Screws are helpful simple machines.

Great Dogs
This dog is running.
Look how cute.
Look at all 3 dogs.
His head is in a hole.
Look how long his  tongue is.

Trains
I see trains.
I see a locomotive.
I see boxcars.
I see flatcars.
I see a tanker car.
I see passenger cars.
I see a caboose.
I see the trains at home in the train yard.

Travels with Tim, Mrs. Romein and Neil
I like to go on an airplane.
I want to fly from place to place.
We can go anywhere we want to go.
Tim wants to go to the castle.
Mrs. Romein wants to go  to the Eiffel tower.
Neil wants to go to the castle with Tim.

Summer Vacation
Summer Vacation
I went to summer school.
At summer school, we went bowling.
I went to Burger King.
At Burger King, I ate french fries.
My family went to the beach.
I went to the seashore.

Traditional Clothing From Around the World
People in the world dress very differently.  One example is the people from Mexico seen here.
People from many different countries,
with many different backgrounds,
that make them look very different,
wear many different things.
In the Middle East, a lot of clothing looks like this.
In Pakistan, they might dress like this.
Some Indian cultures might be seen in this.
Or take a trip to Bolivia where they dress like this.
Maybe a family member from Africa feels comfortable in this.
A person from South Korea could bundle up in this.
But anywhere you go and whoever you know,
it makes it a little better to be different, rather than a regular Joe.

My Favorite Sport
Basketball is my favorite sport.
It's full of ups...
and downs.
Two teams do battle...
but only one can win.
It's very exciting to watch.
I LOVE THIS GAME!

Sounds and Smells of Christmas
Santa coming to town.
Children laughing.
Baking cookies with grandma.
Wrapping gifts with friends.
Christmas caroling.
The beautiful Christmas lights.
People going to church.
Making a snowman.

Lighthouses
This is a big lighthouse. I have been there.
It is foggy.
This lighthouse has a house next to it.
This lighthouse is sitting on big rocks.
The boat is driving by this lighthouse.
The sky looks yellow. There is a star on this lighthouse. A flag is waving in the air.
This lighthouse is in back of the house.
I love lighthouses.

Extreme Dirt Biking and Quads
I love flying in the air on my dirt bike.
I enjoy the cool breeze brushing up against my face as I fly.
I like how I bounce when  I land on a jump.
I like to do stunts.
I like riding my quad.
I like showing my friends my quad.

All Kinds of Jobs
Some people sell fruit.
Some people are farmers.
Some people take care of dogs.
Some people are waiters in a restaurant.
Some people work on cars.
Some people work at a gas station.
Some people work at the library.
Some people work as a bus driver.
Some people work as a truck driver.
Some people work as a teacher.
Some people work as a basketball player.
Some people work as a cheerleader.
Some people work on fixing computers.
Some people work as a cowboy.
Some people work at a shopping mall.
Some people work as a nurse.
Some people work as a policeman.
Some people work as a firefighter.
Some people work picking up garbage.
There are a bunch of jobs to choose from.

Dogs
I like dogs.
Dogs are fun and cute.
I have one dog.
He is named Tank.
Tank plays with a ball.
Tank is the best dog.

A.J.'s I Like Book
I like jack-o-lanterns.
I like dinosaurs.
I like Toys R Us.
I like candy.
I like birthday cake.
I like piranhas.

The Boy and the Chicken
Once upon a time, there was a boy.
He had a chicken.
Its name was Marshmallow.
He loved Marshmallow so much!
He tied a stray cat to its pen to keep Marshmallow safe.
That's all folks!

B Words
Bus
Bat
Baseball
Bench
Bundt
Bread
Baked
Bear
Baby
Book

Elmo
Elmo had a shower.
He found two new friends.
They killed Elmo.
Elmo is gonna kill them now.
Elmo followed them.
He watched them from above.
Elmo got them.

The Number 1
This is the number one.
There is 1 ball. Bounce, bounce!
There is 1 dog. Woof, woof!
There is 1 car. Vroom, vroom!
There is 1 apple. Crunch, crunch!
This is the number one.

Tents
Malek and Daniel like tents.
This is a camping tent in the Grand Canyon.
Malek and Daniel like this tent with the purple star.
Malek likes this big snake. YIKES! The lady is staying in a tent.
These tents are at a festival. Look how many tents there are!
There are tents at a fair, too.
We like colorful tents like those at the beach.
These are Boy Scout tents in the mountains.

We Can Do It!
We can bring something from the trash heap...
to the streets again!
We can learn about assembly lines and how they work efficiently.
We can work with an end goal in mind.
We can work as a team to accomplish our goal.
We can make a list to make sure we have all the parts before we begin.
We can learn the names of different tools.
We can learn how to find the right tool for the job.
We can use our fine motor skills to assemble all the nuts and bolts!
We can learn to clean up our tools and put our parts away at the end of the work session...
so that we don't drive our teacher crazy!
We can decorate our scooter to reflect our individual tastes.
We can do it!!

Snowboarding is Fun
Snowboarding is Fun
I love doing snowboarding. My boyfriend  is cool!
I front flip and back flip. It is so fun.
My boyfriend  took me to the homecoming dance.
He's a  cheerleader, and I am a football player.
At a home game, we won 95 to 45!
We went on our class trip to Snow Village to snowboard together.
I love my snowboard.
THE END

Horses and Ponies
This horse is standing on 2 legs.
The man is trying not to fall off.  Look out!
The horse is peeking at the farmer.
This horse is big and white.
The princess is riding on the horse.
The horses are in line.
The horse is drinking water because he is so thirsty.
The horses are in a herd.
The horse is in the Olympics.
The pony is in the snow where it is cold.
There are 2 more ponies in the snow.
This pony is behind a rock.
The ponies are in love! I love horses and ponies.

Pulleys
This is a pulley.
A pulley is a simple machine.
Pulleys make it easier to lift heavy things.
This pulley can lift very heavy things.
Pulleys can also help lift things very high.
When you open the blinds, you are using a pulley.
Pulleys help move things.
Pull!

He is a Dog!
The dog is swinging!
The dog is looking!
The dog is smiling!
The dog is sleeping!
The dog is laying!
The dog is running!
The dog is playing!
The dog is sitting!

At the Beach
I like to swim with my brother, Dan.
I like to build sand castles.
I like to play in the sand.
I like to play in the waves.
Going to the beach is fun!

Let's Go Shopping!
Let's Go Shopping!
We wait for the bus at the bus stop.
We have our bus fare ready.
We signal the bus to stop.
We say hello to the bus driver.
We give our bus fare to the driver.
We find a seat and sit down.
We watch for our destination and signal our stop.
We enter the store.
We find clothes to buy and try them on to make sure they fit.
We bring our items to the cashier.
We pay for our items.
We put our items in a bag.
We put our shopping cart  away.
We take the bus back to school.
We show off our new gear to our friends!

Colors
I love the different colors of the rainbow.
The flowers are red.
The sun is  yellow.
The princess castle is purple.
My favorite color is pink. The pig is pink.
The little race car is blue.
The puppy is brown with a blue ribbon.
The grass is green.
The tiger has orange stripes.
The cat is black. It's sitting on an orange pillow.
I love the different colors.
There are different colors everywhere.

Riding the City Bus to Work
It's time to go to work!
We wait for the bus at the bus bench.
Here comes a bus. Let's see if it's the right number!
We say hello to the bus driver and walk up the steps.
We buy a bus ticket and ask for a transfer pass.
We find an empty seat on the bus.
We sit down.
We watch for our destination. Then we pull the signal for the driver to stop.
We wait for the bus to stop. Then we exit through the doors.
We wave goodbye to the bus. It's time to go to work!

The  Airplane
The Airplane
There  was  a  girl  named  Emily.
Emily  was  walking  home  from  school.
She  found  an  airplane  on  her  way  home.  She  decided  to  fly  it  home.
When  she  got  home,  she  asked  her  dad  if  she  could  keep  it.
Her  dad  said,  "No,"  because  it  wasn't  hers.
So  Emily  took  the  airplane  to  the  airfield  because  it  wasn't  hers.
The  woman  said, "No  one  stopped  it  so  the  airplane now  belongs to  Emily."

I Like...
I like pizza.
I like hamburgers.
I like tacos.
I like pudding.
I like french fries.
I like ice cream.
I like nachos.
I like rice.

Nature Walk
What will we see on our nature walk?
We may see a frog.
We may see a squirrel.
We may see a turtle.
We may see leaves.
We may see a bird.
We may see leaves.
We will see the beauty of nature.

Bebe Loves Gymnastics!
I work hard.
I work on floor.
I work with balls.
I jump.
I stretch.

Pizza
I  like 
pizza
nice and hot,
nice and hot,
nice and hot.
I like pizza 
nice and hot,
nice and hot,
nice and hot.
Pizza is my favorite food. Pizza is very yummy!
Yummy, yummy,
good!!
Yummy, yummy,
good!!
Pizza, pizza
pizza!!!
Pizza is yummy,
yummy, good!
Good bye,
pizza!
THE END

Garfield
I like the Garfield movie.
Garfield is dancing.
Garfield eats lasagna.
John is holding Garfield.
Liz (the lady) is holding Garfield.
Garfield is eating with John.
I see Garfield and Odie.

Dogs and Puppies
This puppy looks cute.
This dog looks almost like mine.
The kitty and the puppy are playing.
This puppy is gorgeous.
I think this puppy is ready for supper!
I think I should call this puppy precious.
I think this puppy needs someone to play with.
These dogs are saying, "Merry Christmas!"

Lunch
Lunch
Lunch is fun and makes us happy.
Let's drink milk.
Let's drink water.
We like chicken nuggets.
Should we eat hot dogs?
A picnic lunch can be fun!

My Dog Ernie
I have a bulldog.
I love my bulldog.
We play games. It is fun.
We run and hop.
My dog is named Ernie.  He sleeps a lot.

Zack's Book
Hi! My name is Zack.
I live in Fall River, Massachusetts.
My favorite books are Thomas the Tank Engine books.
My favorite show is King of the Hill. This is a picture of Boom Hour, Hank, Dale and Bill.
This is a picture of Mr. Burns. He likes to say, "Excellent!"
I like the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. My favorite ninja turtle is Leonardo.
I like the movie "Back to the Future."
I like to eat chicken nugget Lunchables.
Thank you for reading my story. This is Homer saying,  "D'oh!!!!"

My Dog, Ernie
I have a dog.
I love my dog.
We play games. It is fun.
We run and hop.
My dog is named Ernie.  He sleeps a  lot.

Key air uh's Story
Hi! My name is Key air uh.
I live in Berkley, Massachusetts.
I like to listen to music.
I have a really cool visor.
I like to dance the macarena.
I like to go swimming.
I like fashion, and I wear a cool sweater jacket.
Sometimes, I like to toot.
Thank you for reading my story. I have to go beat up Kevin now.

Robin Hood and I
Robin Hood and I shoot arrows.
Robin Hood and I
walk.
Robin Hood and I swim.
Robin Hood and I take gold.
Robin Hood and I help Friar Tuck.

All About The Summer PV
We went fishing at the lake this summer.
We like to go shopping at the grocery store.
In the summer, we go to the movie theater.
My babysitter came to see me and she lost her keys.
This summer my family got a puppy!
We slept over at my brother's house.
We played video games.
I can't wait for the Scooby Doo video game!
We love the summer because we can play cards.
YAY FOR THE SUMMER!

This Summer PVHS
These are things we did this summer.
We read books this summer.
We played with our friends this summer.
We ate chicken nuggets, french fries and drank soda at McDonald's.
We love our pizza!!
We watched cartoons this summer on T.V.
We love to go swimming in the summer!

My Haircut Day
My Haircut Day
From a very young age, I had to get a haircut.
Sometimes, I did not like getting a haircut.
Now that I am older, I know it is important to get a haircut.
I know it will not hurt.
I must sit very still.
First, the barber will wash my hair.
Then, the barber will cut my hair.
I am finished.
I look and feel so good.
Now, I will go anytime to get my haircut.
Getting a haircut wasn't so bad at all.
The End

What is a Healthy Snack?
This IS a healthy snack.
This IS NOT a healthy snack.
This IS a healthy snack.
This IS NOT a healthy snack.
This IS a healthy snack.
This IS NOT a healthy snack.
This IS a healthy snack.
This IS NOT a healthy snack.
I love healthy snacks!

Lines
There are four types of lines.
Horizontal lines go from side to side.
Vertical lines go up and down.
Circular lines go around in a circle.
Diagonal lines start at the top on one side and go down to the bottom of the other side.
How many lines do you see?
?
?

Speed Racer
When I grow up, I am going to be a speed car racer.
My car will be red. Red cars go fast.
I will zoom around the track at 200 km per hour.
If I crash my car, I will fix it. Then I can race around the track again.

Cats
I see a cat.
I see a cat with a guitar.
I see a cat sleeping.
I see two cats playing.
I see a black cat.
I see a cat dancing.
I see a cat eating.

Dogs
This dog is yellow.
This dog is small.
This dog is black.
This dog is mean.

Awesome Dogs!
The dog is flying to get its tennis ball.
The cute dog looks suspicious.
This dog is running very fast.
The Husky is chasing after something.
These Huskies are biting each other.
This puppy is resting in the grass looking so cute.
These dogs are wearing sunglasses.
This Cocker Spaniel is staring at us.
This puppy is wearing a raincoat.

R-E-D Spells Red
R-E-D, red.
R-E-D red.
I can spell red.
I can spell red.
Firetrucks are red.
Stop signs are red, too.
Apples are red.
Tomatoes are red, too.
Strawberries are red.
Clifford is red, too.
R-E-D!
R-E-D!

Wild Animals
Chimpanzees are cute but dangerous.
Tigers are almost extinct because of hunters hunting for their fur.
Sharks are the biggest predators in the ocean and attacks can be fatal.
Apes are big and very dangerous.
Wolves are wild animals that are in the dog family.

Tugboats
Tugboats are for guiding and stopping large ships.
Tugboats also dock ships.
Whoa. This funny tugboat is wearing a baseball cap.
This tugboat is done working for the day because it's getting dark.

How Granite is Formed
The brown is the crust of the Earth. The yellow is the mantle of the Earth.
Magma seeps  deep into the crust of the Earth.
It becomes lava when it reaches the surface.
The magma spreads out slowly.
The magma spreads out even  more.
Then it slowly cools and hardens. Granite is formed when the magma cools.
Granite is used to make bridges and buildings.
Granite is also used to make counter tops.

Our Favorite Foods
There are a lot of good foods to eat.
Aaliyah likes vegetables.
Osman likes pizza.
Malik likes french fries.
Perla likes macaroni and cheese.
David likes hot dogs.
Shaun likes chili.
Shanika likes fruit salad.
Hyob likes cookies.

Fall is...
Fall is jack-o-lanterns.
Fall is Halloween.
Fall is pumpkins.
Fall is Indian corn.
Fall is scarecrows.
Fall is hay.
Fall is corn stalks.
Fall is bonfires.
We like fall.

Our First Trip
We went to the grocery store.
We went to McDonald's.
We went to the park.

Don't Tell My Parents!
My name is Gus.
Sometimes I get in trouble.
I rode a motorcycle.
Don't tell my parents!
I went on a date.
Don't tell my parents!
I ate four cheeseburgers.
Don't tell my parents!
I saw an R-rated movie.
Don't tell my parents!
I was driving home.
But I crashed the motorcycle.
I had to go to the hospital.
That made me scared.
Please tell my parents!
I got better.
So did my girlfriend!
Now I ask for my parents' permission!

Army Men: World War 11
The U.S. Army is getting ready for battle.
The army groups are on the move.
They climbed the cold and snowy mountain.
The enemy surprised them.
The 5 Star General had faith in his troops.
They won the battle.
When they got back to the base, they celebrated with ice cream!

Rabbits
This rabbit is cute.
This rabbit's name is Princess, just like my friend's.
These rabbits are colorful.
These rabbits are playing tackle.
The rabbit is eating snow.
These rabbits are going skiing.
The rabbits are sneaking up on this man.
Somebody made rabbit cookies for kids to eat.
These rabbits are racing to get to the carrots first.
The cat and the rabbit love each other and are sleeping on each other. How cute!

How Obsidian is Formed
Tectonic plates pull apart from each other.
A volcano starts to form.
Soon the volcano will get ready to erupt.
Lava and rocks start coming out of the volcano.
After the eruption, the lava starts to harden and cool.
A black or dark green rock called obsidian is formed.

Formation of Basalt
The volcano is formed at a divergent boundary.
The volcano erupts. Lava comes out of the volcano.
The lava starts to cool.
The lava begins to harden.
The lava forms into rocks.
The basalt rock has been formed!

Rhyolite
Plates are dividing.
Magma is rising.
The volcano is erupting and lava is coming out.
Lava rushes down the volcano.
Lava is drying and hardening.
The rhyolite rock is found.

Creation of Pumice
The brown  layer is the crust. The red layer is the mantle.
There is a crack in the crust called a fault.  The two plates are pulling apart, which causes a divergent boundary.
As the plates separate, magma from the mantle is seeping through the crust and forming a volcano.
The volcano is getting bigger with each eruption.
This is the inside of the volcano.  The red represents the lava.
The volcano is erupting.  As the lava cools and hardens quickly, it becomes the rock called pumice.
Pumice can float on top of water because it cooled so quickly there are still air bubbles in the rock.
Pumice can be made into soap and sold in stores.

How Obsidian Rocks are Formed
The green layer is the crust of the Earth. The red layer is the mantle.
The plates of the crust are separating causing a divergent boundary.
The divergent boundary is expanding further.
The magma is rising up out of the mantle.
The magma is creating a volcano.
The volcano is increasing in size.
The magma is rising up to the summit of the volcano.
The magma is at the summit of the volcano and about to erupt.
The lava is erupting out of the volcano.
The lava is flowing farther down the volcano.
The lava is cooling, hardening and forming the obsidian rock.
The man is discovering the obsidian rock and is chipping the rock off the summit.

How Pumice is Formed
As magma builds in the volcano, the pressure increases.
Then the volcano explodes.
When lava cools quickly, pumice is formed.
This is a guy with pumice that he found near a volcano.

Rhyolite
Magma is in the volcano.
Lava explodes out.
Magma is cooling.
Rhyolite is formed.

Granite
This is a picture of plates moving apart.
Magma is pushing through the rock.
This is when the volcano explodes.
After the lava cools, we have the igneous rock granite.

Obsidian
The active volcano is quiet.
WOW!! Explosion!!!
Lava cooling down.
A person holds the obsidian rock that has formed.

I Like Dogs
This dog is nice.
This dog is sleepy.
These dogs are listening to a story.
This dog is swinging.
This white dog is really big.
This dog is silly.
These dogs are cool.
This dog is playing ball with a boy.

Basalt
In the divergent boundary, a volcano is formed. SWEET!
The volcano is now erupting!
The lava is cooling and it's forming the rock.
Now it has formed a basalt rock.

Horses
This horse is standing up.
These horses are eating.
This horse is falling down.
This horse is white.
This horse is by the car.
These horses are running.
The cowboy is riding.
The end.

Tigers
He has whiskers.
This lion is roaring.
This big cat is white.
He is sleeping.
Big Mama tiger.
The tiger is looking at me.
The leopard is laughing.
The monkey is the tiger's friend.

Scary
It's safe in the harbor.
Why leave?
It can feel scary when you leave.
It can be fun, too.
Why didn't I just stay where it was safe?
Even though it is sometimes scary, I am learning...
I am capable.

My Class Party
This is my teacher. She sometimes lets us have a party.
We had peaches,
enchiladas,
chicken lo main,
fried chicken,
cherry pie,
cheddar cheese,
nachos,
and Willy Wonka chocolate bars.
Then it was time for lunch.
We ate peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Then we were all finished and very full!!

All Kinds of Homes
Who lives in a barn?
A horse.
Who lives in a nest?
A bird.
Who lives in the water?
A duck.
Who lives in a hive?
A bee.
Who lives in a house?
People.
Hi, Mom! I'm home!

Our Favorite Foods
My favorite food is chicken nuggets.
My favorite food is ice cream.
My favorite food is milk.
My favorite food is strawberries.
My favorite food is pizza.
My favorite food is french fries.
My favorite food is a banana.
My favorite food is fried chicken.
My favorite food is fried chicken.
My favorite food is watermelon.

Choo Choos
This is an Amtrack train. Gianluca likes Amtrack.
The conductor is waiting for his passengers. Hurry up everybody!
A train is going through the tunnel.
Patrick wants to go on this train.
This is a freight train.
Here is another tunnel.
Here are 3 steam engines.
Patrick likes this small train.

Power Rangers
Power Rangers Roar!
Power Ranger Turbo.
Mighty Morphing Power Rangers.
Red Dragon.
White Ranger.
Black Ranger Bat.
Unicorn.
Power Ranger emergency.

Indiana Jones
Indiana is saving his dad from dying.
He is stealing the crystal skull.
Indiana Jones and his son are looking for clues.
This is Indiana Jones.
This is Indiana Jones and his son.
Indiana Jones is fighting the bad guy.
This is an Indiana Jones Lego.
This is Indiana Jones with a knife.
This is Indiana Jones on the beach fighting the bad guy.

Colors
Colors
A duck is yellow.
A heart is red.
A butterfly is blue.
Grass is green.
A dog is brown.
Flowers are purple.
A cat is black.
A rainbow is all the colors.

Horses
Here are horses.
This horse is jumping.
Look at 
this man.
This horse has a blue eye.

Pirates
The pirates are drinking in a boat underground.
The mountain looks like a skull.
She looks like a pirate from the movie "Pirates of the Caribbean Dead Man's Chest."
This looks like a castle that you would see in a movie.
He's a pirate and you can see his skeleton.
It looks like a battle from the French and Indian War.
The pirate looks like an octopus.
This boat is really a pirate's ship.
In the front of the boat, there's a man with a pitch fork.
The pirates have won the battle.

Becka's Weekend Trip
Becka Fox watches the ocean waves crash against
the rocks.
Her brothers come and watch, too.
Mother watches from the den.
Her twin Jess  walks to the den for bed time.
Becka will wait for Father.
Becka turns to see Father on the cliff.
"Who is there Becka?" says Mother.
"I am" yells Father. "Come here, Becka!" he yells again.
"Well go,"
says Mother.
"Let me show you something," says Father.
So Becka follows Father.
Father looks to see if Becka is still there...she is.
"Where are we going?" Becka asks, but gets no answer.
Father makes sure there are no people.
Mother is fast asleep.
They cross houses
and yards.
Mother Fox is mad because Becka and Father aren't home.
"Wake up Becka! Time to go."
Becka and Father go across the valley, over houses and through yards.
Mother welcomes
Becka into the den.
Becka sits in the den and falls asleep comforted by Mother's warmth.

National Pirate's Day
Pirates live in boats.
The pirates are viewing the area.
They are working together.
Huge vessels help the pirates escape.
September 19th is "Talk like a Pirate Day." Arrrrghh!
Sailing the seven seas is fun.
Explore the pirate world.

Wheels
A tricycle has wheels.
An airplane has wheels.
A motorcycle has wheels.
A car has wheels.
A bicycle has wheels.
A truck has wheels.
A scooter has wheels.
A skateboard has wheels.
An electric car has wheels.
A wheelchair has wheels.
This dog has wheels.
Wheels help things move!

Qualitative Investigations
You use your senses to make qualitative investigations.
You can investigate with your eyes.
You can investigate with your nose.
You can investigate with your hands.
You can investigate  with your ears.
You can investigate with your mouth.
We use our bodies to investigate.

Our Wonderful Principal
Mrs. Spencer is a wonderful principal.
We love her very much!
Mrs. Spencer wants us to be good readers.
Mrs. Spencer wants us to learn our letters...
and our numbers.
She greets us in the morning and hugs us when we leave each day.
Mrs. Spencer loves to give us Skittles for learning new things!
We are blessed to have her as our guardian angel.
We know that Mrs. Spencer loves us, too!

Motorbikes
I like motorbikes.
Dirt bikes are cool.
A road bike is black.
The motorbikes are jumping over the truck.
The motorbike is on the ground.
The motorbike is jumping the person.
The motorbike is in the street.
The road bike is racing.
The motorbike is on the line.

Easter Eggs
This is the Easter Bunny.
These Easter eggs are yummy.
These Easter eggs are pretty.
The cat is eating Easter eggs.
The bunny is wrapped in gold.
These Easter eggs are colorful!
These eggs look tasty.
These are egg molds.
These eggs are very  pretty.
These Easter eggs would look nice on a table.
My favorite egg is the green one.
There are thousands of Easter eggs.
These eggs are beautiful.
Don't be a piggy and eat too many Easter eggs.
Have a Happy Easter everyone!

Sports Cars
This car is blue.
This car is yellow.
This car is fast.
This car is yellow and my favorite!
The End!

Hannah Montana Solves a Problem
Hannah Montana solves a problem.
Hannah must find the guitars.
Hannah walks down a long, dark hall.
Which door is the right door?
Hannah looks for the room number.
Hannah looks inside the room.
Hannah finds drums.
Hannah finds a piano.
She asks a teacher.  Where are the guitars?
Look over there.
Hannah finds the guitars!
Her friend plays the guitar.
Hannah sings.
Hannah sings and dances.
Hannah is happy she solved the problem.

Mark Skaife and Jamie Whincup
Mark Skaife has won 39 races.
Mark Skaife is riding in a charity event for Peter Brock.
Mark Skaife signing a t-shirt.
Jamie Whincup signing a magazine.
Mark Skaife with Greg Murphy.

Colors
Colors
The sun is yellow.
What color is the sun?
The sky is blue.
What color is the sky?
The grass is green.
What color is the grass?
The fire truck is red.
What color is the fire truck?
The flower is purple.
What color is the flower?
What is your favorite color?

Skateboarding is Fun
Skateboarding is
 fun.
My name is Alex Bender. I am 17 years old.
I live in El Jebel, CO. I have   
1 sister and 1 brother.
My brother taught me how to skateboard.
My mom and dad worked in Basalt and Aspen.
At night, 
I was at a party at Snowmass.
I went with my boyfriend to the homecoming dance.
We all like to skate together.
The End

Planes and Helicopters
This plane is going up in the sky.
This plane is putting out its wheels to land.
The airplane is as high as the clouds.
These jets are taking off together.
The sky is blue and orange.
This plane is lowering its wings and putting out its wheels.
The red helicopter has little wheels.
The blue helicopter is going to land on the mountain.
These planes are flying in a row.
The helicopter is going to land. Its wheels are smaller than an airplane's wheels.
These helicopters are waiting to take people flying.

Basketball
A great basketball player.
Shooting a hoop.
A nice shot.
A winning team.
Little Bow Wow.
Walking.
Using the 
backboard.
Where is everybody?
Oh yeah!
He's going for it!

Animals
My fur is soft.
The lemurs are sitting on the grass.
The bats are flying at night.
My name is Fluffy.
I am an otter.
The frog is orange.
What is for lunch?
A pug in a baby swing.

Fishy!
Fishy,
Fishy,
in the brook.
Daddy
caught you
on a hook.
Mammie
baked you in a pan
and baby
ate you
like a man.

Cats are Funny!
The cats are cleaning each other. Aw, how cute and funny.
The cats are dancing in the room.
The cats are being lazy.
This cat is ready for Halloween. How funny!
The cat is hiding from people.
The cats are laying on each other.
This cat is so funny standing up on 2 feet.
These cats are in love.
The black cat wants to play with the other cat.
This is a Siamese cat.
The cats are hiding from the farmer.
This cat is big and tall and scary.
These baby kittens are trying to walk.
This cat is a cutie.
The cat is hiding under the couch.
This cat is such a cutie, too.
This cat wants to eat the fish on the computer.

Big Cats
I need a big cat.
This is a tiger.
This is the tiger's friend.
The tiger has a ball.
I need a big lion.
The lion is sleeping.
A big tiger and a baby tiger.

Princesses
This is a princess.
These are more princesses.
This is Cinderella's castle.
This is Cinderella.
This is her crown.
This is Sleeping Beauty.
I like her pink dress.
This is her pink castle.

Skateboarding is Fun!
These skateboards hanging on the wall are cool.
The skateboard is flipping.
The boy is jumping off the wall.
Do not skateboard on buildings. It is dangerous!
Skateboarding stickers are so cool.

Monster Trucks
Monster Trucks
A Ninja Turtle truck crushing.
Look out, Cameron. Here I come!!
I'll block you.
I'm bigger and faster than you!
Get out of my way!
I'M PRETTIER THAN YOU!
I'm on my way.

[Camp2-4] Soondaechon
Hello my name is Soondae. I'm popular in soondaechon.
My girlfriend is Chinese Noodles. Listen to my story.
In Soondaechon the food is not delicious.
So we have no customers.
Our boss was afraid our restaurant would go out of business.
So our boss decided to change the business.
Then KFC Grandpa showed us how to cook Soondae Bokuem.
The boss decided to put Chinese Noodles into the food.
I was sad since I had broke up with Duck Bock Ih.
Duck Bock Ih was a very spicy girl.
But she broke my heart again and again.
So I was very very sad.
But it was love at first sight for me with Chinese Noodle.
The boss was trying to invent a new food with Soondae and Chinese Noodle.
She cooked me and Chinese Noodle.
And the new food got very popular.
The boss was so happy.
The food got a good reputation around the town.
Then a new rival restaurant opened nearby.
Our boss wanted to fight it, so she made a new sauce.
Then the foods in our restaurant sold like pancakes.
Soondaechon is now a success.

Wild Horses
Wild Horses
Hang on, cowboy!!!
Look out, here I come!!
I have my eye on you, cowboy.
Hold on tight.
You can't catch me, cowboy
I like to be with my friends.
I'm tired.  It's time to rest.

Cruise Ships
This is the Queen Peach cruise ship.
Here is the Queen Mary with a rainbow behind it.
Here is the Queen Peach again.
Here is another pretty rainbow behind a cruise ship.
I want to ride on a big, big cruise ship someday!

Fly With Our Puppies
Fly With Our Puppies
We are off to a great start with our friends using the buddy system.
Mom said no, but Dad said yes. Is the coast clear?
We're on our way, guys!!!
We're late for supper. Everyone out!
Hurry, you're the last one to clean up.
Hop on Blondie. I'll get you there on time.
Whew!!! We made it. I'm back and she didn't even know I was gone.

Count With Me
1 - One blue marble.
2 - Two yellow and green birds.
3 - Three red chairs.
4 - Four orange mailboxes.
5 - Five pink flowers.
6 - Six jets in a blue sky.
7 - Seven white birds in a blue sky.
8 - Eight ballerinas in white.
9 - Nine green apples.
10 - Ten red ornaments.

The Stages of a Butterfly
The first stage of the butterfly's life is the laying of an egg.
The second stage of a butterfly's life is a caterpillar.
A caterpillar eats and eats and eats!
The caterpillar builds a chrysalis and grows and grows.
The butterfly climbs out of the chrysalis.

Color
Primary and Secondary Colors.
Red apple.
Red is a primary color.
Yellow ducks.
Yellow is a primary color.
Blue fish.
Blue is a primary color.
Orange carrot.
Red and yellow mixed together make orange.
Green frog.
Yellow and blue mixed together make green.
Purple water lily.
Red and blue mixed together make purple/violet.
Orange, green, and purple are the secondary colors.
The color wheel shows us the colors of the rainbow.
How can we remember the colors of the rainbow?
"Roy G Biv"
helps us remember the colors of the rainbow.

I Love to Cheer!
I like doing stunts in cheerleading.
I like how this girl flies in the air.
When I used to cheer, I got to be lifted to the top.
I used to practice like these cheerleaders.
When I cheered, I liked being thrown in the air.

Scooby Doo and the Big Duck
The mystery of the big duck.
Scooby Doo, where are you?
Here comes the Mystery Machine.
Here comes Scooy Doo on the bus.
There are 2 Scooby Doos and Shaggys.
Scooby Dooby Dooooooo!

The Chronicles of Josh D
Greetings. My name is Josh.
I live in Taunton, Massachusetts in a green house.
I really like Lego battles.
I also like Star Wars Legos.
I get to print out Star Wars pictures if I do my work.
Indiana Jones Legos are really cool.
I like to watch DVDs.
I went on vacation to West Virginia with Grandma and Uncle Buddy.

Big John's Story
Hi! My name is John.  My friends call me Big John.
I live in Wareham, Massachusetts.
I have had a great beard since I was 13.
I like to eat chicken tenders for lunch.
I like to paint on the computer for fun.
I do a great job working at Big Lots with Kevin and Ray.
I work at Home Depot. Joyce likes it when I do my evil laugh.
I like to sing the Barney theme.

I Love Soccer
I play soccer and kick like this girl.
This is a soccer stadium in Italy with a lot of people watching.
It is a nice day for playing a soccer game.
This is a cool picture of a girl kicking the ball in the air at night.
Soccer is my favorite sport.
You stop the ball with your foot in soccer.
This is a funny picture of Lego people playing soccer.
Soccer means the whole world to me!

All About Running
The boy runs.
They are running.
The horse ran.
The girls will run.
He is running.
She is running.

All About Jumping
Jump!
The girl is jumping.
She jumped.
The girl jumps.
They are jumping.
The dog will jump.
The boy is jumping.
He jumped.

All About Abraham Lincoln
Abraham Lincoln was a President of the United States.
Abe and his family lived in a log cabin.
Abe and his family were farmers.
Abe put hot potatoes in his mittens to keep his hands warm.
Abe liked to read books.
Abe had a bunch of jobs on the farm.

Things I Like
My name is Kelli.
I like chocolate.
I like dogs.
I like horses.
I like fish.
I like water.
I like skating.
I like bubbles.
I like my toes painted.
I like shiny things.

Fall
Fall is pumpkins.
Fall is jack-o-lanterns.
Fall is scarecrows.
Fall is picking out a pumpkin.
Fall is playing in the leaves.
Fall is trick or treating.

Dogs
I see a black dog.
I see three dogs.
I see a white dog.
I see a dog running.
I see a dog swinging.
I see a dog jumping in the pool.
I see a dog reading a book.

I Love Garbage!
Here comes Greg!
Greg takes our garbage.
The garbage falls out!
Greg drives away.

Alabama Crimson Tide
My favorite team is the Alabama Crimson Tide.
They are the best. My brother looks like Wilson.
They will run you over and will not hesitate.
They could run it back on a kickoff.
Don't try to figure out their plays... you will not.
Nobody can stop them when they're on fire.
That is their reputation.
Alabama will beat the Gators this year.
Try to beat them. You will not win.

Owls
Owls are birds.
Owls have wings.
Wings.
Owls have feathers.
Feather.
Owls have a head.
Owls have eyes and a beak.
Eyes and a beak.
Owls have a breast.
Owls have feet called talons.
Owls in a nest.
Owls have a home.
Owls sit in tree branches.
Owls sit way up high in trees.
Owls have babies.
Owls are awake at night.

I Love Dogs
This dog is called a Jack Russell Terrier.
This dog is called a Siberian
Husky.
Shih Tzus are
so cute.
This dog is called a German
Shepherd.
Scottish Terriers
are mostly black.
Borzois are
Russian dogs.
Saint Bernards
are huge dogs.
Shar Peis are
Chinese dogs.
Sometimes Border
Collies are brown
and white.
This is a
Rough-Coated Collie.
This is a chocolate Lab.
Dalmatians are
white with black
spots.

Green Frogs
I love frogs!
Some frogs are big.
Some frogs are very little.
Frogs live in ponds and rest on lily pads.
Some frogs live in trees.
Frogs love to swim.
Frogs can jump.
I like to draw frogs.
Frogs have big eyes.
I collect frog toys.
Frogs are awesome!

Cars, Cars, Cars!
CARS, CARS, CARS! So many cars.
Some cars were made in places like a Ford Dearborn Assembly.
Cars have gas tanks and some springs.
Cars have re-axles and body parts.
Cars can go fast like a helicopter.
80 years back in time, Henry Ford was the owner of the Ford Company.
Also 80 years back in time, cars needed change using the main assembly line.
I like cars.

What I Like About School
What I Like About School
I like lunch.
I like music class.
I like playing with my friends.
I like my teachers.
I like letters.
I like my friends.
I like the library.

Good Character Means...
We show good character each day.  Here is what is looks like to us.
Good character means playing with a friend.
Good character means sharing a toy.
Good character means cleaning the room.
Good character means listening to directions.
Good character means caring for friends.
Good character means walking in the hall.
Good character means working quietly.
Good character means saying The Pledge.
Good character means helping friends.
Good character means returning things you borrow.
Everyone is happy when we show good character.

Aeneas ad inferos
Aeneas fugerat ex Africa (et Didone) quod ipse Iuppiter eum iussit invenire Italiam.
Hic viam ad Italiam invenerat sed non potest invenire locum certum ut muniat urbem.
Larva patri Anchisae, qui ad Siciliam e vita excesserat, ad filium in somno venit.
Anchises dicit Aeneam inventurum esse Sibyllam et hanc eum ducturam esse ad inferos.
Ibi Anchises exspectabit suum filium.
Sibylla cupit Aeneam invenire ramum aureum in silva finitima et tum eum producet ad inferos sine periculo et reducet.
Aeneas ramum aureum invenit et Sibylla eum ducit ad patrem.
Per animas et bonas et malas, Sibylla Aeneam ducit.
In silva Aeneas Didonem tacitam et miseram videt. Neque verbis neque lacrimis Aeneae movetur.
Tum Aeneas Anchisem videt.
Anchises Aeneae narrat multa de Roma et Romanis futuris...
Romulo et Remo...
et Augusto, imperatore primo.
Denique Sibylla Aeneam ducit ab inferis ad terram summam, ad Lacum Avernum.
Aeneas et Troiani loca commoda in Italia occupare maturant.
Tantae molis erat Romanam condere gentem!

Variety of Photos, Part 3
Chipmunks are
related to 
squirrels.
This is the
Cinderella Castle
in Orlando, FL.
Black panthers
look like black jaguars.
These people are
dressed up as
Chip and Dale.
Here we are in
Toronto.
This person is
dressed up as
Mickey Mouse.
I love to vacuum.
There are 12
strings on this
guitar.
This is a person
dressed up as
Donald Duck.
The mandolin has
eight strings.

My Book About the Jonas Brothers
The Jonas Brothers are my favorite.
They are Nick, Joe, and Kevin.
This is Kevin Jonas.
This is Joe Jonas.
This is Nick Jonas.
Joe was Taylor's boyfriend.
This is Taylor Swift.
I like the Jonas Brothers.  They are great!

Pool Rules
Pool Rules
Sit with your feet in the water.
Do NOT jump!
Do NOT run!
Put on your goggles.
Listen to Coach.
Swimmers! On your mark, get set, GO!
Kick your feet and move your arms.
Do your very best!
All finished! Time to dry off.

Funny and Crazy Dogs
I love my dog. She is a Boxer and is crazy.
My dog likes to stick her head out the window in my brother's car.
This is a cute doggie.
I like to read to my dog before she sleeps.
This dog is swinging in a swing.
The Boxer is hiding from people.
This is the cutest dog ever.
This dog is funny.  She is dressing up like Santa.
This dog has long hair.
These dogs are getting a bath. My dog likes to get a bath, too.
These dogs look funny with sunglasses. Dogs are so funny.

I Like Colors
I like colors.
I like blue.
I like green.
I like red.
I like yellow.
I like colors!

I Like Colors
I like colors.
I like pink.
I like black.
I like red.
I like colors!

I Like Colors
I like colors.
I like black.
I like red.
I like purple.
I like yellow.
I like colors.

Basketball
Kobe Bryant
Michael Jordan
Lebron James
Carmealo Antony
Ray Allen
Derrick Rose
Dwayne Wade
Danny Green
Ty Lawson
Dwight Howard
MJ
Steve Nash

I Like Colors
I like colors.
I like pink.
I like black.
I like red.
I like colors.

I Like Colors
I Like Colors
I like pink.
I like blue.
I like red.
I like yellow.
I like colors.

Our Favorite Animals
My favorite animal is a fish.
My favorite animal is a dog.
My favorite animal is a duck.
My favorite animal is a cat.
My favorite animal is a horse.
My favorite animal is a bird.
My favorite animal is a cat.
My favorite animal is a puppy.

We Like School!
We like school!
We like to paint.
We like to read.
We like computers.
We like the Pledge.
We like to spell.
We like to write.
We like to build.
We like puzzles.
We like to smile.
We like to write.
We like to use the ELMO.
We like trees.
We like to use letter cubes.
We like to spell words.

Shapes
Round tire.
Round manhole.
A round window.
A square window.
A recycle box.
The sidewalk.
The triangle roof.
The triangle sign.
The triangle leaf.

Back to School
Summer break is over and we are back in school.
We ride a bus to school, but sometimes a car
We walk in and say "hi" to our teacher and friends.
We put up our backpacks and start our schoolwork.
Here are some things we do.
We have calendar time.
We work on computers at school.
We walk quietly in the hallways.
We eat lunch in the cafeteria.
We read and listen to books.
We do our own seat work.
We work hard at school.

Summer Vacation
This is the castle at Disneyland!
I went swimming.
I watched Cinderella.
I went to the beach.
I went to summer school.
I went bowling.
I slept late in the morning.
I read books.
I watched Dumbo.

A. J.'s Pumpkins
There are lots of pumpkins in the pumpkin patch.
We make jack-o-lanterns out of pumpkins.
Pumpkins have seeds.
There are lots of jack-o-lanterns.
This is a pumpkin transformer.
The pumpkin is on top of the cute cupcake.
The girls pick out a big pumpkin.
Pumpkin pie is good!

Robin Hood
Robin Hood
Robin Hood lives in the forest.
Robin Hood likes his friends.
Robin Hood laughs at Little John.
Robin Hood sings "Ooo-de-lally."
Robin Hood goes to help.
Robin Hood shoots arrows.
Robin Hood loves Maid Marion.
What will his next adventure be?

Space Galaxies
I am interested in space because I want to know the names of all the planets.
Our solar system is in the Milky Way Galaxy.
There are nine planets in our solar system.
The Sun is a star in the center of the solar system.
Mercury is the closest planet to the Sun but it is not the hottest.
Venus is the hottest planet in our solar system.
Earth is the only planet that supports life, as far as we know. It also has invisible rings.
Mars is known as the "Red Planet".
Jupiter is famous for its big red spot. Jupiter is the biggest planet.
Saturn has nice, big, beautiful rings. The rings are made of ice stones.
Uranus is made of gas and has rings made of dust that go up and down around the planet.
Neptune is the fourth largest planet.
Pluto is the furthest planet from the Sun. Dwarf planets sometimes get eaten away.
Astronauts have traveled to the Moon.
The Moon is a rock orbiting around the Earth. The Earth is orbiting around the Sun.
The stars are falling from the sky.
A comet is flying through space.

Colors Everywhere
The rose is red.
The sky, mountains and water are all blue.
A yellow fish swims and looks at me.
The green clover is wet.
The sky is red and the sun is yellow.
The heart is blue.
The house has a red door.
The green snake is hanging on a branch.
The man is playing a blue guitar.
Yellow flowers are on a green hill.
Outside the trees, plants, and grass are very green.
The blue butterfly sits on the fence.
The black cat has yellow eyes.
The doors are yellow, red, blue and green.
What colors can you see?

Animal Count
1 - One blue frog looks for food.
2 - Two pigs rest by a tall tree.
3 - Three deer stand in the mist.
4 - Four sea stars live in the sea.
5 - Five ducks fly in the sky.
6 - Six fish swim in the blue ocean.
7 - Seven turtles sit in the sun.
8 - Eight dogs pull a sled in the snow.
Nine girls stand in two rows.
10 - Ten horses run in a row.

Water All Around Us
Water is all around us.
We swim in water.
Plants need water to grow.
Water can be powerful.
We drink water.
Water is fun.
Water is the ocean.
Water is beautiful!

Mail Carriers
Mail carriers are people who carry the mail.
Mail carriers deliver letters.
Mail carriers deliver packages that are big and small.
Mail carriers work when it is sunny.
Mail carriers work when it is hot.
Mail carriers work in the rain.
Mail carriers even work when it is cold.
Mail carriers always deliver the mail.

Rinn's Tractors
Rinn loves tractors.
This one is moving dirt.
This is an old tractor.
This is a John Deere Tractor.
Wow, a racing tractor!
This tractor has a USA flag.
This yellow tractor has a long arm to pick up things.
All the people are happy to be with their tractor and trailer.
This green tractor has yellow wheels.
This tractor is old.
This tractor is green.
The man uses his tractor to load the hay.
This tractor is on the beach.
What a beautiful blue sky and a red tractor.
This red tractor has big wheels.
This man is riding his tractor at night.
Do dogs drive tractors?
This tractor has finished the job.  The End

Good Students
Good students go to school.
Good students listen to their teachers.
Good students are patient.
Good students read books.
Good students make friends.
Good students do their homework.

Gilbo - Chapter 15
Chapter 15 can be read after revising 'Hermogones' CL p.43
ecce Orcus. Orcus est magnus.
Orcus Gilbonem intente spectat.
'quis es tu?' Orcus clamat. 'ego sum occupatus!'
'ego sum Gilbo' Gilbo respondet.
'ego sum mercator probus.'
'tu quoque es mercator. tu tamen non es probus.'
'tu es venalicius.'
'tu es pestis!' Orcus Gilbonem vituperat.
Orcus est iratus. Gilbo est perterritus.
Gilbo tamen non currit. Gilbo est fortis.
sed Orcus Gilbonem ferociter verberat.
Bella ad tabernam currit et tabernam intrat.
Bella fustem in taberna videt. Bella fustem capit.
Bella fustem ad Gilbonem portat.
'ego fustem magnum habeo', ancilla clamat.
Bella fustem tradit. Gilbo fustem capit.
Gilbo Orcum petit. fuste Orcum verberat.
sed Orcus est magnus.
Ceptus e taberna currit.
Ceptus forum circumspectat.
ecce Bellator. Bellator est in foro.
Bellator gladium habet.
Ceptus Bellatorem videt et vocat.
Bellator Ceptum audit et ad Orcum magnifice ambulat.
Bellator Orcum petit.
gladius Orcum secat. multus sanguis fluit.
Orcus non est fortis. Orcus e foro currit.
Ceptus est laetissimus. Bella est laetissima.
dominus non revenit.

Sam's Spring Book
Trees in flower.
Flowers.
Pink tulip.
Lion and dandelion.
Dandelion looks like a ball.
3 ladybugs.
Baby deer like Bambi.
Baby looking at daffodils.
Boats on the beach.
Swans and babies called cygnets.
Puppy dog sleeping.
Baby elephant is cute.
Baby birds in a nest in a tree.
Two lambs.

Four Seasons
There are four seasons.
The trees and flowers bloom in the spring.
It is windy in spring.
We go swimming in the summer. It is hot.
The bugs fly around in the summer.
The leaves change colors and fall off the trees in the fall.
We pick pumpkins in the fall.
The weather gets colder in the winter.
Christmas is in the winter.
What is your favorite season?

Group 2
This is an apple.
This is a banana.
This is an orange.
These are eggs!

Puppy Fun
Puppy is walking.
Puppy is looking.
Puppy is playing.
Puppy is sleeping.
Puppies are looking at us.
Puppy is eating.
Puppy is hiding.
Puppy is biting.
Puppy is running.
Puppy is chewing.
Puppy is sleeping.

Tori at the Supermarket
This is a supermarket.
Tori buys cheese at the supermarket.
Tori likes to eat onions from the supermarket.
Tori likes the look of the cupcakes.
There are lots of people shopping at the supermarket.
There are lots of trolleys in a row.
Tori picks the pink rabbit.
Tori likes to buy eggs from the supermarket.

Travel to Madagascar, Namibia, Columbia and Bolivia
Madagascar is an island near Africa.
The people of Madagascar came from Africa and Indonesia.
Madagascar is famous for lemurs.
You can also see Baobab trees there.
Namibia is in southwest Africa.
The Bushmen live in the Kalahari desert.
You can go to a national park and see wildlife.
You can see giant sand dunes in the Namib desert.
Columbia is in South America.
It is famous for coffee.
You can visit a colonial town.
You can enjoy nature.
Bolivia is in South America.
Llamas live there.
Salar de Uyuni is the world's largest salt flat.
You can stay in a hotel made of salt.
After rain, the ground is like a mirror.
You can go to a festival.
This is the Carnival de Oruro. Doesn't it look like fun?

My Opinion of Cameras in the City and School
People in Lancaster have different ideas about whether we should have cameras or not.
I think cameras at school and in Lancaster are a good idea.
I don’t think they invade privacy.
I think that cameras will help us to catch criminals.
I am glad that I live in a country where we have the freedom to discuss these things and make changes.

Camera Shy?
The city of Lancaster has placed surveillance cameras on its streets.
These cameras are supposed to make Lancaster more safe.
The cameras cost a lot of money.
But are they helping to catch people who bring crime to Lancaster's streets?
Many people feel watched. They feel that they have lost their privacy.
Some people protested the cameras in a rally.
They want the cameras taken down.
What do you think? Should we have cameras in the streets and in schools? Why or why not?

Proverbs About Snakes
Proverbs About Snakes
Small snakes...
do not hurt you.
A serpent is hiding...
in the grass.
Close to his chest...
he's holding a viper.
With a snake...
you cannot play safely.
A snake should be thrown out...
from your house.
Unless a snake eats another snake...
it will not become a dragon.
From one viper...
another viper is born.
A snake...
does not give birth to a rope.
LatinViaProverbs.com

Rules in High School
As a high school student, there are rules I need to follow.
I need to wear my ID.
My iPod needs to stay in my locker.
I need to keep my hat in my locker.
Respect:  Yourself, your peers, your teachers, your school.

Do You Have Fur?
I have fur.
I do not have fur.
I have wings and can fly.
I have wings but cannot fly.
I can't sing, but I do have a big mouth.
I can sing, but I can't fly.

Spencer Likes to...
Spencer likes to swing.
Spencer likes to play in the sandbox.
Spencer likes to play in the pool.
Spencer likes to play on the computer.
Spencer likes to party!  He is a party animal.

Bees
This is a bee.
Bees have stingers.
The stinger comes out of the bee into your skin.
The bee dies after it stings you.

Beau and Moe
Beau and Moe
Beau loves to swim.
Moe loves to hide.
Beau and Moe wait for Devin to come home.

All About Insects
What is an insect?
Sometimes, we call insects bugs.
How do we know it's an insect?
All insects have 6 legs.
They don't have bones but instead have a hard skin.
Insects have 3 body parts: a head, a thorax, and an abdomen.
They have eyes, antennae, and a mouth.
Butterflies are insects.
Grasshoppers are insects.
Spiders are not insects because they have 8 legs.
Can you name an insect?

Giraffes
Hi Giraffe!
I see the giraffe's tongue.
Momma giraffe loving baby.
The giraffes are drinking.

Desserts
Chocolate chip cookies are delicious.
Cupcakes have frosting on them.
My favorite flavor of ice cream is vanilla.
Candy is my favorite.
I bake a cake with chocolate.
My favorite pie is strawberry.
I like cake because it is delicious.
I love to eat brownies.
I make s'mores by the fire.
Oranges and apples are really, really healthy for you.

Awesome A
A a
Accordion starts with a.
Acrobat starts with a.
Application starts with a.
Archway starts with a.
Air conditioner starts with a.
Ant starts with a.
Alphabet starts with a.
A a

Black Widow Spiders
Black Widows are one kind of spider.
They are shiny black with red and white on their backs.
They are called Black Widows because sometimes the females eat the male spiders.
Black Widow Spiders live in the United States.
They like to live in old barns, under rocks or under logs.
They make their homes by spinning webs.
They catch bugs in their webs and eat them.
Female Black Widow Spiders lay hundreds of eggs and wrap them in a ball of silk.

Aeneas et Dido - brevis libellus
Ecce! Aeneas et pater et filius parvus fugiunt e Troia.
Quod Iuno Troianos aut Aeneam non amat...
...Haec iusserat Aeolum, deum ventorum, ventos malos in naves Troianorum mittere.
Erat tempestas maxima.
Pauci Troiani in undis amittuntur.
Neptunus ventos sedat et Troiani veniunt ad Africam.
Aeneas cum uno socio vidit Venerem, matrem Aeneae. Venus monstrat viam ad Carthaginem.
Carthago magna urbs in Africa erat. Dido erat regina ibi.
Regina Dido auxilium Aeneae et reliquis Troianis donat.
Dido Aeneam amat et Aeneas mansit cum Didone in Africa.
Iuppiter irascitur!
Iuppiter Mercurium nuntium mittit ad Aeneam. Mercurius iubet Aeneam migrare a Carthagine.
Dido est iratissima!!!
Aeneas excedit et...
Dido se interfecit.
Misera Dido!

What's Your Name?
What is your name?
What letter does your name begin with?
Are you a boy?
Are you a girl?
How old are you?
How many people are in your family?
The End

Who's at School?
Who's at School?
Who teaches us reading & math?
Mr. Black.
Who helps us in class and at specials?
Mrs. J.
Mrs. Indelli.
Who helps us talk and communicate?
Ms. Lesht.
Who helps us learn to use our pencils & scissors?
Mrs. Kreski.
Who helps us move around the school?
Mrs. Jelenkovic.
Who helps us move and learn to be healthy?
Mrs. Leeney.
Mr. Heider.
All these people help us at school!

It's Time for Lunch
It's time to get ready for lunch.
Let's wash our hands.
I sit at the smile table with my friends.
Christopher will not eat at my table.
Christopher will
sit far away at the quiet table.
I will eat lunch with my friends.
It will be okay.
Lunch is good.
The End

Gilbo - Chapter 14
Chapter 14 can be read after revising 'venalicius', CL p. 31
ecce Bella. Bella est ancilla.
ancilla dominum habet.
Orcus est dominus.
Orcus est venalicius.
Bella est in foro. Bella prope tabernam stat.
Gilbo quoque est in foro.
Gilbo in foro ambulat.
mox Gilbo ad tabernam venit.
Gilbo Bellam videt.
Bella Gilbonem videt.
Bella Gilbonem delectat.
Gilbo Bellam delectat.
Bella est docta. Bella est poeta.
Bella versum recitat. versus est scurrilis.
Gilbo versum audit et ridet.
Orcus e taberna exit.
Orcus versum audit sed non ridet.
Orcus non est laetus. Orcus est iratus.
eheu!
Orcus ancillam ferociter vituperat.
Bella est perterrita.
'satis!' Gilbo clamat.

[camp1-5] Cinderella
Hi~ my name is Candy. I live in the country.
You know, I have a very ugly face. So, everyday I weep.
One day.. I happened upon a boy who was very handsome.
I fell in love with that boy. His name was Jack.
Jack was taller than any other student in the class.
Jack had long hair, his eyes were big and brown. His nose was high and his head was very small.
So, I decided to sway him with my love.
I went down town to buy him a present.
I went to his home with the present and a love letter. I proposed to Jack.
The result was terrible. He said he hated me. I now have a wound in my heart.
I decided to get more beautiful.
I went to a cosmestic clinic.
I exercised very hard, like swiming, riding a bike and walking.
Finally, I became more beautiful than anyother.
"Candy,wake up" I wake up in dream.It was all a dream.
Thank you!!!

I Love the Wizard of Oz
I love the Wizard of Oz!
This is Dorothy and Toto.
Dorothy sings.
Dorothy gets carried away by a tornado.
Dorothy meets Glinda, the good witch.
Dorothy meets the Munchkins.
Dorothy meets the Wicked Witch of the West.
Dorothy gets ruby slippers.
Dorothy meets the Scarecrow.
Dorothy meets the Tin Man.
Dorothy meets the Lion.
Dorothy, the Scarecrow, the Tin Man, and the Lion follow the Yellow Brick Road.
Dorothy, the Scarecrow, the Tin Man, and the Lion go to the Emerald City.
Dorothy, the Scarecrow, the Tin Man, and the Lion meet the Flying Monkeys.
Dorothy melts the Wicked Witch of the West.
Dorothy, the Scarecrow, the Tin Man, and the Lion meet the Wizard.
There's no place like home!

Variety of Photos Part 2
Hot air balloons
are huge.
The sitar is an Indian instrument.
These pigeons are
gray.
Buddy loves my
beanbag chair.
This is a white 12-string
guitar.
12 birds flying
above the ATVs.
ZZ Top is in
concert.
A jumping Jack
Russell Terrier.
Skylon Tower in
Niagara Falls, ON.
This tiger has
white fur.
Gizmo loves to lie
on quilts.

Dog and Girl
Once upon a time, a pretty, little girl was born.
When she was 2 years old, she suddenly suffered from a high fever.
Afterwards, she could not see, and she was very sad.
Her parents agonized over how they could help her.
After agonizing over it, her parents hit upon a good idea.
They decided to present her with a guide dog.
Her parents went to the guide dog center immediately.
The guide dog center brought out the dog. The dog looked like he was very imposing.
They presented the dog to her.
It was a big consolation that her eyes could not see because she was not scared.
The little girl gave the dog a name. The dog's name was Joy.
Joy was friends with the girl and was someone for her to talk to.
The girl and Joy spent a lot of happy times together.
They spent many happy times together, until she was 10 years old.
One day, she was home alone because her parents went out.
She played with Joy and slept.
Suddenly, Joy had a strange feeling.
Joy was on her way to the kitchen when the fire broke out.
Joy knew she must save the girl.
First, Joy tugged at her sleeve to wake her up.
The girl woke up with Joy's help and went out of the house.
After they came outside, they fell down on the ground.
Then she sat up with Joy. Joy had died.
She was very sad but she lived life to the fullest while thinking of Joy.

The Curious Case of Mulan
One couple was living in a house, and the wife was pregnant.
Then one day, 9 months later, the child was born.
But her face looked just like that of a grandmother.
The couple brought the child to a humble retirement home.
After that, the girl grew up in the retirement home.
People did not notice she was getting younger each day.
One day, she met a boy with a white face and dark eyebrows.
The boy said, "What's your name? Would you go out with me?"
The girl said, "My name is Mulan. Let's make a future together."
They were happy together. He said, "I love you, Mulan."
When they were both 40, they looked too similar.
They were in love and made a baby.
9 months after, a very cute and lovely child was born.
Many happy days were spent with the baby.
Mulan said, “Our child will grow up to be pretty.”
Mulan was not able to speak much and even her memory started to disappear.
Mulan was deeply shocked so she left her family, even though she loved them a lot.
When she  returned, the baby was 5 years old.
Mulan was very impressed when she saw her baby's face.
However, Mulan was already younger than her baby.
She lost all her memory, but her face was more youthful.
Her husband's heart and soul took care of her and the baby.
Later, Mulan went to bed with an easy mind, forever in his arms.

My Favorite Movie
My favorite movie is Nemo.
Nemo is a male fish.
Nemo's dad got caught.
Nemo has a friend named Dori.
They rescued his dad.
They all swam away.
Now Nemo, Dori and his dad are happy and free.

My Favorite Sports
My Favorite Sports
I love soccer.
I play soccer with my friends.
I play soccer in school.
My brother likes soccer, too.

I See Monster Trucks
I see a green monster truck.
I see a big monster truck.
I see a monster jeep.
I see two monster trucks.
I see a monster truck turned over.
I see a wrecked monster truck.
I see a grave digger.

I Love...
I love flowers.
I love children.
I love sunsets.
I love the beach.
I really love lollies.

I See...
I see my kite.
I see my cat.
I see a car.
See a tree.
See my mailbox.
I see my house.

A
A girl.
A turtle.
A dog.
A boy.
A cow.

I See
I see a horse.
I see a cat.
I see a rabbit.
I see a puppy.
I see a bird.

The
I see the pumpkin.
I see the witch.
I see the bat.
I see the cat.

Clifford the Big Red Dog
Here is Clifford.
Clifford likes school.
Clifford helps other children.
Clifford is shy.

DH Summer Vacation
Summer Vacation
My dad, brother and I flew in the airplane.
We went to Chicago.
I went to church.
I went to the museum.
I visited my old school.
We flew back to Phoenix.

Sleeping Beauty Lost Her Smile
Do you know Sleeping Beauty?
The princess was saved by the prince.
The princess and prince lived happily ever after.
In fact, she was older than the prince, more than 100 years older!
It was because she slept 100 years.
Therefore, she could not adapt to her new world.
The world was too different than when she was living 100 years before.
There were so many problems due to the differences between the prince and princess.
Their style of talking was different and it made them argue with each other a lot.
The princess had an old eating habit and it made her health worse.
It was not his ability to find solutions for that.
Therefore, the prince made an announcement to encourage others to make the princess smile.
"My princess lost her smile."
"I am looking for someone who can find her smile."
"I will give a prize for finding a solution about this problem."
After a few days...
an old woman came and the princess smiled again like magic.
She said to the princess, "The prince is doing his best to make you smile."

Summer Vacation to Point Lookout 2009
This summer my whole family took a trip to Point Lookout.
Here are my cousins, Gracie and Beatrice, kayaking.
This year, I finally got to sit in a kayak. It was so cool!
Then, we tried crabbing with chicken on a string.
Here's my brother, Henry.
And here I am with mom.
For some reason, the crabs just weren't biting today.
I wonder if they would have preferred buffalo wings!
In the end, Maggie was the only one to catch a crab.
Unfortunately, something else had already eaten the crab she caught.
No crab legs for us tonight!
We also spent a lot of time on the beach, swimming and relaxing.
We all had such a great time!
I can't wait to do it again next year!

Buying a Video Game
These are video games.
You want to get a video game from a game store.
You can get any video game system.
You can buy any video games that is safe for children.
You plug in the game system.
There's also a video arcade.
You can use any video game controls.
Pick any video game you want to play.
You need to turn on the TV and the game system.
Now you're ready to play the game.

Houses and Colours
The sun is shining on the roof.
A brown door in an orange wall.
A teddy is at the window.
The house has a fine garden.
The village has a pond.
This garden has a long path.
There are two cats in the garden.
There are steps in this garden.
There is a cat by a white door.
This house has a yellow door.
Here is a blue window.
The red door is at the top of the steps.

The 4 Strange Friends
Once upon a time, there was a vase...
some keys...
some fruit...
and some veggies.
They were friends, and they lived in a big city.
One day, a big thunderstorm came when they were playing.
The 4 friends went running for shelter.
The thunderstorm stopped and out came a beautiful rainbow.
The 4 friends were happy and lived happily ever after.

Gilbo - Chapter 13
Chapter 13 can be read after revising 'venalicius', CL p. 31
ecce Magus.
Magus in magno horto ambulat.
mox Magus ad leonem venit.
leo recumbit. multus sanguis e leone fluit.
ecce fustis. Magus fustem videt.
Magus e horto ambulat.
ecce Talia. Talia est pictor.
Magus ad Taliam revenit.
Magus villam intrat et Taliam salutat.
Magus hortum intrat et picturam videt.
Magus picturam intente spectat.
Magus fustem in pictura videt.
Gilbo fustem tenet.
Magus est anxius.
Magus pictorem intente spectat.
mox Talia quoque est anxia.

Dogs
This dog is small and cute.
This dog is big and beautiful.
This dog is a shy puppy.
These dogs are running in the snow.
This dog is strong and running fast.
He has a red shirt and a name tag.
The dog is sitting near a tennis racket.
This is a doggy costume party.
The dog is worried.

I Like Caps!
My cap is white and fuzzy.
My cap is black and pink.
My cap looks like a leopard.
My cap is silver.
My cap is gray.
My cap is black and brown.
My cap has flowers.
My cap is black and brown.
My cap is pink.
My cap has a black band.
My cap is purple, green, and orange.

My Robots
I have 3 robots.
His name is Sam.
This robot is Charlie.
Charlie is mad.
Go, Sam, go.

Dinosaurs
There are many different types of dinosaurs.
This is a T-Rex.
This is a skeleton.
This is a head skull.
This is a fossil of a dinosaur.
This is a dinosaur dressed up as a doctor.
I love dinosaurs.

Movies
This is the Cinemark Theater.
You can look at the newspaper to see the show times of movies.
You can look on the internet to find out the show times of the movies.
You can call the theaters to see what time the movie starts.
You can use money to get tickets for the movies.
You're getting to the movies on time.
You park in front of the theater.
You're waiting in line to get tickets for the movie.
You're inside the theater to get snacks.
You can get popcorn, drinks and candy.
Now you're in time to see the movie.

Families
Families are GREAT!
Families love each other. When we get home from school, we are greeted with a BIG hug and SMILE!
Families act silly together. They play silly games outside.
Families have FUN! They go to the beach to swim and build 
sandcastles.
Families eat healthy together. Oatmeal is what they eat in the morning.
Families have to go to work and that keeps them busy.

My Town
I live in Clayton, NC.
It is a great town!
We have a bowling alley.
We have many churches.
We have a skating rink.
We even have a McDonald's.
Yum!
I go to school in Clayton.
It is a great place to learn.
It is a great place to play.
I love my town.

[2-2]Hansel and Gretel
Hansel and Gretel moved into a town.
"A witch lives in the woods," said a neighbor villager.
But Hansel's family forgot about the witch.
One day Hansel and Gretel went for a walk in the woods where the witch lived.
Gretel said, "I smell burning cookies somewhere. Let's follow the smell."
Then the witch appeared.
"I am the witch!"
Hansel and Gretel tried to run away, but the witch followed.
Hansel and Gretel were frightened.
Hansel and Gretel were caught by the witch.
The witch taught Hansel and Gretel how to make a cookie house.
But, the process of making cookies was too difficult.
Hansel and Gretel were getting so tired.
One day, Hansel and Gretel put poison in the cookies because they wanted to escape.
The witch was going to die from eating the cookies.
Hansel and Gretel went back to their home and made a cookie house.
Their house is now famous among all people.
Hansel and Gretel's house is the main attraction in the town.
Hansel and Gretel collected a lot of money and became rich.

Tori Likes Swimming
This is in the big pool.
I like to dive in the pool.
Tori likes to paddle at the beach.
Some people wear goggles.
The girls have got some candyfloss.
Tori likes swimming.

The Princesses and the Snails
Once upon a time, there were two princesses, Princess Claire and Princess Gina.
One day while they were skipping down the street, they found two snails.
The princesses  wanted the snails to have a race.
But one snail did not want to race.
So the princesses did a silly dance for him.
Then they waited and waited.
One snail wiggled and wiggled. The princesses told him he won the race.
They told the snails it was very nice to meet them.
The princesses skipped down the street to take the snails back to their home.
They put the snails down and they were glad to be home. This was a happy ending.

Electronics
These are motherboards.
This is an I-pod that has music and internet.
This is a green circuit board.
This is made out of food with a cracker.
You can touch an I-pod Touch Dome.
These are nets.
These are circuits made to look like bugs.
This is a picture frame PC with sticker.
This is K-9 the Robot Dog.
This is a remote.
These are video game controllers.
This is a circuit city.
These are small gadgets that help you with your everyday life.
These are lights that make you stop, slow down and go.
This is the city of Electronica.
This is a diving table that lights up.
This is an Atmega made out of candy.
Light also shines when it's night.
This is the Playstation 3.
This is a new camera that saves any pictures.
This is a computer person.
This is an MP3 player.
You can charge your I-phone.
You can turn the electricity on and off.
Electricity comes from Rochelle Wires.
You can create a circuit board spider.
You can listen to music on your I-pod.
You can plug in any electronics.

Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
There is a boy whose name is Charlie. He comes from a poor family.
He spends most of his time dreaming about the chocolate that he loves but usually can't afford.
Willy Wonka was the head of the very popular Wonka Chocolate empire.
He announced a contest in which five gold tickets were hidden in chocolate bars.
So Charlie Bucket was very happy and very excited.
One of the winners was Augustus, who eats a lot of chocolate.
The second winner was Violet, who wants to beat everybody.
The third winner was Veruca, who is the daughter of a rich man.
The fourth winner was Mike, who is a computer addict.
The last winner was Charlie, who loved his family.
He had a golden ticket that allowed him to take a tour of the factory.
They went to the factory with their parents. They were very excited.
Willy Wonka said he would give only one among them a very special gift.
Other children were not given a gift.
Finally, Charlie was chosen and given the factory for a gift.
But Charlie said he would never live in the factory without his family.
Willy Wonka realized the importance of family to Charlie.
They made delicious chocolate in the Chocolate Factory with his family.
Then they lived happily forever for a long, long time.
We realized a variety of things after we saw this movie.
First, don't be greedy like Violet. We should understand others.
Second, we should love our family more than anyone else.
Third, it is better to be sincere and honest than smart and clever.
Fourth, it is always important for us to be positive.
For this reason, we recommend Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.

My Family
My Family
This is my family.
My family eats together.
My family shops together.
My family swims together.
My family travels together.
My family goes on picnics together.
My family goes to the beach together.
But one day my family went missing.
I was alone and scared.
But wait, what's that I hear?
Surprise!  A party for me?
I love my family.

Change
People eat animals like chicken, pigs and cows.
They also have animals as pets.
Sometimes people don't play with their pets.
So the animals think, "I'm so sad..."
The animals told God, "People don't play with us."
God was angry so he made a magic potion and  turned animals into people.
That night, it was raining.
The next morning, all animals and people in the world woke up and shouted.
"Oh, my God!! What happened to me! This is not possible!"
All animals and people in the world went outside.
At that time, God said from the clouds, "When you realize your own faults, you will be out of the spell."
Those animals who used to be humans didn't understand, get it.

Variety of Photos
This is a field
of sunflowers.
Chickadees love
to eat seeds.
Sometimes
pigeons are white.
This girl is
playing an accordion.
This is me holding my brown
lunch bag.
Pink Floyd
Dark Side of the Moon, 1973.
This is the sign
at Union 76.
This man is playing a banjo.
Zachary the
zebra.
Sunoco sign.
Queensryche in
concert.
This guitar has
seven strings.
Ziggy the
Springer Spaniel.
Gizmo is lying on
green carpeting.

Ways We Learn
People learn by listening.
People learn by writing.
People learn by painting.
People learn by singing.
People learn by acting.
People learn by playing games.
People learn by reading.
People learn by dancing.
People learn by seeing.
People learn by touching.
People learn by smelling.
People learn by tasting.
People learn by playing.
People learn differently.

School
Summer is almost over.
It is time for school to start.
I ride the bus to school.
I see my bus driver and my teacher.
When I get to school, I am good.
I smile at school.  I don't cry.
I don't scream at school.
I want friends at school.
I try to talk at school.
I like to play on the computer at school.
I try to learn to read.
I do math.  I see nine circles, do you?
I learn about the world.
School is fun.  I try hard.
At the end of the day, I pack up.  I get ready to go home.
I say "bye" to my teacher and my friends.
Sometimes I ride home in a car.
Sometimes I ride home on a bus.
Will I see you at school?

The Thinkers
When I was visiting Philadelphia,
I saw this statue called "The Thinker" by Rodin.
It made me start thinking!
Everybody thinks!
Girls think.
Boys think.
Cowgirls think.
Athletes think.
Men think.
Women think.
People in far away countries think.
Do you think dogs think?
Statues don't think! Really!
People think when they are on vacation.
People think when they play games.
People think when they are alone.
Sometimes little people think about BIG things.
Sometimes it is a happy thought.
Sometimes it is not.
Dancers are thinking all the time!
We are all thinking all of the time!
Sometimes we think about things that make us worry.
Sometimes we think about things that make us sad.
Sometimes friends can help us think things through!
I like to think about happy things and happy places!
Sometimes you can guess what someone is thinking but it is only a guess.
Can you tell by their faces?
Can you tell by their eyes?
Can you tell by where they are?
Can you tell by their body language?
Even the President of the United States is a thinker.
How about YOU?

Basic Training Mount
We approached the village from the left flank.
We expertly moved towards our first building.
Our go code was given and we struck.
Chaos broke out across the village.
We came out of our building and hid behind a bus, trying to get to the next building.
The OpFor were firing on us from the Mosque.
I shouted to my team to lay down covering fire, while I ran across the street.
I made it to the base of the Mosque, and began to climb the stairs.
I stepped on a tripwire and set off an IED.
My team pulled me out and got me on a Medvac.

I Like School!
It's a new year!  We have lots to do.  What do you like to do at school?
Zach likes to ride the bus at school!
Vlad likes music at school.
Eugene likes art at school.
Phil likes to eat lunch at school.
Jenna like recess at school.
Mr. Black likes to do reading at school.
School is fun.

Our Family
Family members cover your back.
Families can be related by blood.
Families express communication.
Families help each other out.
Families can sit on each others laps and get back rubs.
Families can include pets.
Families can live in the same house.
Families work together.
Families can share bonds.
Families are together until...
THE END!

A Family...
A family is a group of people in the same household.
Blood relatives.
A group of outcasts.
Anybody you can love.
A gang that looks out for each other.
People doing the same hobby.
People with the same beliefs.

A Family...
A family waits for each other when they are behind.
A family always has somewhere to go when they feel lonely.
A family can include fun and playful pets.
A family can include kids.
A family takes care of each other when they are hurt or sick.
A family enjoys playing games with each other.
A family provides for each other.
A family can fight with each other over something simple.
A family can forgive each other.

Horseflies
Horseflies are big!
The horsefly is sitting on a flower.
The horsefly has big eyes.
The horsefly is about to bite somebody.
The horsefly is biting this man.
I don't like horseflies!

New Red Riding Hood
New Red Riding Hood
Red Riding Hood's grandmother was very sick so she brought bread to her.
Red Riding Hood went to the mountain and met a tiger.
The tiger said, "If you don't give me the bread, I'll eat you up."
Red Riding Hood gave some bread to the tiger.
Then Red Riding Hood went to her grandmother's home.
Red Riding Hood stopped beside a pond.
Red Riding Hood accidentally dropped her basket in the pond.
At that time, the god of the mountains appeared from the pond.
The god of the mountains asked, "Is this golden basket yours?" She answered, "Yes."
Angry, the god of the mountains took her into the pond.
Red Riding Hood met the god of the pond.
The god of the pond was so sick.
He said, "I need your liver to live."
She said, "My liver is out of the pond."
Red riding hood ran out of the pond.
Red Riding Hood arrived at her grandmother's home.
But, her grandmother was not there.
Then someone pounded on the door.
Red Riding Hood locked the door.
She said, "Who are you?"
She said, "Show me your hand."
Oh my, it was a tiger's hand.
Red Riding Hood got scared and ran out of the back door.
Red Riding Hood climbed a tree quickly.
The tiger followed her up the tree.
At that time, her grandmother appeared out of nowhere.
And the grandmother shot the tiger with a gun.
The tiger died, the grandmother cut the tiger's stomach, and a sheep came out of his stomach.
The grandmother took the sheep as a pet.
Years later, the grandmother made a fortune.

A Bad Boy
There lived a boy in a peaceful village who behaved very badly.
The village hated him because he was a very terrible boy.
He drew a picture on his younger sister.
He was a thief, who often stole others' bikes.
Suddenly, his hair started to disappear very speedily.
Village people were happy inside.
Children made fun of the terrible boy.
He was very upset.
The angrier he got, the more his hair fell out.
He got angrier.
He was so angry that his eyebrow disappeared.
He got angrier.
Then his mustache started disappearing, too.
He got angrier.
The hair on his chest was disappearing, too.
Finally, he realized his faults.
He apologized to the villagers.
He regretted his faults and did a good deed for others.
Then a fairy appeared and gave him a present.
The present was a wig and a black spray called Hyuk-Chae.

Sammy's Caravans
Time to leave, everybody. The van is ready!
This looks like a nice spot.
Oh, here comes our friends.
Can we park near you, please?
It looks like someone is moving.
It's nice inside.
I love camping holidays.
Time to go home. We have had a good time.

Melissa's Shiny Things
Ring of green.
Red ring.
Bright flower.
All the gold.
Peek-a-boo!
Indian necklace.
Beautiful ornament.
Bracelet of gold.

Matter can be...
Matter can have different properties.
Matter can be soft.
Matter can be hard.
Matter can be rough.
Matter can be smooth.
Matter can be round.
Matter can be square.
Matter can be hot.
Matter can be cold.
Matter can have different properties.

Jobs We Can Do
Policeman protect people from crime.
Painters make walls look clean and attractive by applying paint.
Artists use a variety of methods and materials to display their work.
Stockers receive, unpack, and check materials into the stockroom.
File clerks sort, store, retrieve, and update office records filed according to a company's system.
Mechanical engineers design engines, machines and other mechanical equipment.
Chefs and cooks plan and make meals in restaurants.
Cashiers add up customers' bills, take their money and give change.
Housekeepers keep offices, schools, hospitals, hotels and other public buildings clean and in good condition.

Table Manners
Always use your fork.
Don't slurp your soup.
Always clean up the table after eating.
Don't chew with your mouth open.
Don't talk when your mouth is full.
Put your napkin in you lap.
Don't burp at the table.
Don't eat with your hands.
Don't eat your food too fast.
Pass things you can't reach.
Keep your elbows off the table.
Say excuse me when you leave the table.

Family Friends
Family are friends.
Family is where you feel most welcome.
Family is loving even though it's tough love sometimes.
Family is being with people that are awesome.
You're happy when you're with family.
Family  is people who take care of you.
Family is hope.
Family will watch your back.

The Fam
Family is happiness.
Family is friendship.
Family is love.
Family is caring.
Family is hardship.
Family is honesty.
Family is strength.
Family is awesome.

Family
A family is...
People who love and care about each other.
Any group of living things that have something in common.
People who are close to each other.
A group that has relationships with each other.
People related by a blood  relationship.
People bonded together by some common interest or thing.
People who care about each other.
A group of people who protect and watch out for each other.

Definitions of Family
Two or more people that care about each other.
People or things that watch out for each other.
A group that respects each other.
People living in the same general area, like a neighborhood.
People or animals that you can learn from.
People who are comfortable around each other.
People who you can tell your problems to.
People who support each other.
People who understand each other.
People who share a common belief.

The Crash
The Crash
We were driving around in my little, red car.
I was taking one of my friends home.
For some reason we decided to take the long way.
We came to a stop sign just as we were about to turn right onto her street.
She's staring in the rear view mirror and then hollers my name.
I look in my mirror and see bright lights coming at my stopped car fast.
Shocked, not knowing what to do or having time to do anything, we were hit from behind.
We spent most of that night in the hospital getting checked out.
We spent the next day laying in bed all day.

Haiti Trip
My trip to Haiti was great.
Last summer, I went to Haiti for English camp to be a teacher.
And also help the kids get ready for school next year.
I became the art teacher for 58 kids.
We would also feed them one meal during camp.
They also get a bag with school supplies at the end of camp.
While I was down there, I also went to go visit my village for the first time.
When we got to my village, the family that I was staying with had a big surprise.
They had found my family in the village!

Making More M Words
Maple leaf
Mustang
Mickey and Minnie
Magic
Mop
Motor scooter

We Feel
We feel happy when we get video games. It makes us want to smile.
We feel silly when we laugh at movies. It makes us wiggle and giggle.
We feel sad when we don't do fun things.
Spiders scare us all. They scare us when they crawl.
We get mad when we don't get our way. We have to learn to share every day.
We feel sleepy after a long day at school. Maybe we should go to bed soon.

A Frog's Life
This is a frog's life.
A frog begins as an egg.
Soon it becomes a tadpole.
Arms and legs begin to grow.
Finally, it is a frog.

I Will Eat Fruit
This is fruit.
Fruit tastes good.
Fruit helps us pooh.
Everyone eats fruit.
They eat fruit everyday.
I will eat fruit.
It makes my family happy when I eat fruit.
I will eat fruit everyday.

Gilbo - Chapter 12
Chapter 12 can be read after revising 'venalicius', p.31
ecce Orcus. Orcus est venalicius.
venalicius servum et ancillam habet.
Orcus est dominus.
ecce Ceptus. Ceptus est servus.
Ceptus est senex.
ecce Bella. Bella est ancilla.
Bella est pulchra et docta.
Orcus tabernam habet. taberna est in foro.
Orcus prope tabernam stat.
Ceptus prope dominum stat.
'vinum!' venalicius inquit.
Ceptus tabernam intrat et revenit.
Ceptus vinum ad dominum portat.
Orcus vinum gustat. vinum non est optimum.
Orcus senem ferociter verberat.
senex est perterritus.
Gilbo in foro ambulat.
Gilbo prope tabernam ambulat.
Gilbo senem perterritum videt.
Gilbo Orcum videt.
Gilbo est iratus.

I Clean My Teeth
These are teeth.
Everyone has teeth.
Everyone cleans their teeth in the morning.
Everyone cleans their teeth at night.
I clean my teeth morning and night.
Teeth smell nice when they are clean.
It makes my family happy when I clean my teeth.
I will clean my teeth morning and night.
Everyone cleans their teeth.

I Love Squirrels
Squirrels are
so cute.
Squirrels live
in trees.
This squirrel
seems smart.
This squirrel
is peeking.
This man has a
squirrel on his head.
This squirrel
looks funny.
Friendly squirrel.
Sleepy squirrels.
Squirrel
silhouette.
Squirrels love to
eat nuts.
The squirrel and
rabbit are friends.
Two squirrels in
a pocket.

Gilbo - Chapter 11
Chapter 11 can be read after revising 'tonsor', CL p.30
ecce Figil.
Figil in magno horto ambulat.
Figil Gilbonem exspectat.
Figil Gilbonem non videt.
Gilbo Figilem vocat.
Figil Gilbonem audit.
Figil ad amicum ambulat.
mox Figil Gilbonem et leonem videt.
Gilbo est perterritus. leo est iratus.
leo Gilbonem ferociter petit.
Figil est tonsor. tonsor novaculam tenet.
Figil ad leonem ambulat.
Gilbo Figilem videt et ridet.
Gilbo leonem verberat.
Figil leonem secat.
leo recumbit. multus sanguis fluit.
Gilbo est fortis. Figil quoque est fortis.
ecce Talia. Talia est pictor.
Talia in sella sedet et picturam intente spectat.
ecce pictura.
Figil est in pictura. leo in pictura recumbit.

My Mustang
Mustangs are made by Ford.
Mustangs have been around since the 1960's.
Mustangs can go very fast.
This is my dad's Mustang.
This is an old Mustang.
This is a new Mustang.
Some Mustangs have stripes on them.
The Mustang is my favorite kind of car, but I also like corvettes.

My Tennis Experience
Playing tennis helps me get more exercise.
First, I need a good tennis racket. When people hold these, they are so cool.
This is a place that tennis players play. I often go to a tennis court, which is next to a park.
Sometimes I need to practice with a wall. It helps me so much, and I also learn lessons from it.
When we begin to hit the balls, we need to stand like this. It helps us regulate the way of holding the racket.
This is my first lesson. When I swing, my tennis racket cannot tilt. It is not easy.
This is my second lesson. This move is like playing baseball but it is not totally alike.
Tennis lessons are tough.I need to practice over and over.
My brother and I usually practice in the evening. It is hot,and it makes us tired,but we feel energetic.
Although playing tennis makes me nervous, I still want to keep practicing and keep going. I hope I can do better and better.

Gabby
On my 8th birthday, I got the best present I could have ever imagined!
To get my present, we had to drive 3 hours to the middle of 
nowhere.
After the long drive, we arrived at a farm.
I was very confused. I had no idea why I was there.
When I got out of the car, I saw golden retriever puppies running around me!
That's when my parents told me I could pick one out to keep!
There was one puppy that kept following me.
This made my decision easy for which puppy to choose.
I picked a girl and named her Gabby.
I consider Gabby one of my best friends!

Before State Swimming
Leave the school after practice and go out to dinner with the team.
Arrive at the hotel after dinner on the night before the meet.
Shave to reduce drag in the water and have a team meeting.
Go to the pool to visualize for the next day. Do yearly traditions.
Receive texts from friends and family wishing us good luck tomorrow. Then we go to bed.
Wake up, take a shower and eat a huge breakfast as a team. Then head to the pool.
We change into our fast suits. It can take awhile.
Warm up in the over crowded pool and hope to not get run over.
Parade of teams out to the pool deck and the singing of the national anthem.
Line up for my event, and the meet begins.

Audition Time
The leaves are turning colors, which means it is time for dance auditions.
First is the All Iowa Drill Team Auditions.
Every year, there are 700 girls who try out in front of judges, and this is when I get nervous.
I get butterflies in the pit of my stomach, and when I forget what I'm doing, I start to panic.
When it is all over, I get consumed with a sense of accomplishment.
The next week is The Nutcracker Ballet auditions.
I have tried out and made it every year since I was eight years old.
The Nutcracker is my favorite time of year. It allows me to be with my friends from out of town.
Sometimes, I get disappointed when I don't get the part I want. However, I know I can always try again next year.
Also, I feel better knowing that it is an honor being in an Iowa State production every year.
Auditions symbolize the start of a new dance year that I always look forward to, but this will be my last.

What Makes Up a Family
People who care for each other.
Share blood and flesh.
A group of people who are close.
Friends that share their secrets.
Anyone who stands up for another and protects them.
Love between  people.
People who support each other.
People who tell the truth and say what they think (not afraid to say what they think).
People who you completely trust and count on.

Bingo
This is my favorite game!
These are people playing Bingo.
Number 19.
Number 22.
Number 12.
Number 9.
Number 27.
Number 2.
Bingo time!

A Pet Book
Pets are fun.
A dog is a good pet.
A rabbit is a good pet.
A cat is a good pet.
A horse is a good pet.
A goldfish is a good pet.
A hamster is a good pet.
A lizard is a good pet.
A bird is a good pet.
A snake is a good pet.
An iguana is a good pet.
A frog is a good pet.
A box turtle is a good pet.
A pig is a good pet.
A chicken is a good pet.
A monkey is a good pet.
The End

An Important Lesson
One night, I was watching a movie.
That night, that movie really taught me a lesson.
I was shocked, and later that night, I began thinking about the movie.
The movie was about a father 
and his son who were going through rough times.
The movie was called the 'Pursuit of Happiness.'
It wasn't just a movie. It was a life lesson for me.
Anyone who would have seen it, would have learned the same lesson it taught me.

New Orleans!!
This summer, my church youth group went to New Orleans.
During the four days we were there, 38,000 people gathered to help those who suffered from Hurricane Katrina.
Our group's mission was to paint a mural.
It was so much fun!!
The most exciting part was walking from our hotel to the French Quarter,
and the Superdome.
Along the way, we saw homeless people and street performers.
Seeing those people really opened my eyes.
I am thankful for what I have and don't take things for granted.

Caecilia et porca
CAECILIA ET PORCA
ecce Caecilia.
Caecilia puella est.
Caecilia puella Romana est.
Caecilia in horto est.
ubi est Caecilia?
in horto est.
ecce Tarquinia Superba.
Tarquinia Superba porca est.
estne Caecilia porca?
minime!
Caecilia non est porca.
Caecilia puella est.
estne Tarquinia Superba porca?
ita vero!
porca est.
porca in aqua est.
ubi est porca?
estne porca in horto?
minime, non est.
porca in aqua est.
valete, omnes!

Moving Day
Moving to Ames was a turning point in my life.
Having to be in a place I did't know about was...
scary.
I lost all of my friends.
I had to adjust to a new school.
I was afraid that no one would like me, and I would be all alone.
The teachers were really nice and helped me get through any trouble I had with homework.
At first, I thought moving was a bad thing, but I was wrong.
Eventually, I finally got comfortable.

Faces
Faces do lots of things.
Some faces look sad. Do you get sad?
How do you think he feels?
I like happy faces.
This man looks surprised.
This man has seen something he doesn't like.

First Day of Dance
When I was seven, I began taking dance lessons.
My mom bought me new ballet shoes for class.
On the first day, I was very nervous and excited.
When I got to class, I met a new friend named Mollie.
Outside, my mom was waiting for me to finish dancing.
After class I went home, but I couldn't wait to go back next week.
I told my dad all about what I learned from my teacher, Beth.
I never wanted to take off my new shoes.
My mom saw how much I loved it and encouraged me everyday.
She promised to sign me up next year, and I have been in dance ever since.

Baking
Baking
I love baking.
I love to bake for friends and family.
I love to bake for special occasions.
I love to bake scrumptious snacks.
I love to make gift baskets.
I love to bake for no reason at all.
I want to be a pastry chef.
I like to learn about the history of baking.
I love cookies to eat with milk.
Baking is my passion.

Miami Life
Welcome to Miami.
Miami is famous for its beaches and great vacation spots.
People are blinded to what Miami is really like.
Miami is praised for its wild parties.
They can cause people to become drunk.
Drunk people can cause high speed chases.
There are random roadside shootings.
Drug dealers sell drugs openly on sidewalks to get by.
I recommend caution if you choose to visit.
You could just lose your life.

Car Wreck
It happened at the top of Hiland Road.
I was going to taekwondo.
She ran through the stop sign.
She t-boned us.
My mom passed out and the other driver was shaken up.
The parking police were writing tickets down the road.
First came the fire trucks.
Then the paramedics.
We were taken to the ER.
Then we went home.

My  Dream
I have wanted to be a cheerleader all of my life.  I couldn't wait be just like them.
My mom used to dress me up like a cheerleader and take me to all of the football games.
Then the day came when my mom enrolled me in classes.
It was really hard, harder than I expected it to be.
We would do tumbling, jumps and stunts. I wasn't good at it at all.
I have been cheering for 12 years now, and I have gotten a lot better than when I first started.
My jumps, stunting and tumbling skills got better throughout the years.
I have gotten hurt and broken bones but that has never stopped me.
Now I am not just a cheerleader. I am also a coach. A dream come true.

The Proudest Moment
When I came to work, before my shift started, I went to the crew room to look at my schedule.
As I was looking at the schedule,  I saw my boss coming into the crew room.
When he came into the crew room, he told me that I was  crew member of the month. He  gave me a trophy.
After he told me that I was crew member of the month, I was overjoyed.
As I was celebrating, I couldn't help myself from tearing up.
This is like winning a Grammy Award!!!!
Then, a couple of minutes later it was time for my shift.
I sat my trophy next to my cash register. Hopefully, customers would say something.
When my shift was done, one customer looked at my trophy and was happy for me.
I told my parents about the great news. They almost had a heart attack.

Mission Trip
An event that influenced me was my mission trip to South Dakota.
The members from my church and I worked with kids at an Indian reservation.
We taught them lessons from the Bible.
We put together skits, made crafts, and sang with the children.
I realized I can make a difference in someone's life.
It was hard to leave the kids after being with them for a week.
On our way home, we stopped in Minneapolis to evangelize.
This challenged me to talk to strangers about their religion.
I was so happy I went on the trip.
I had a great time!

Motorcycle Accident
An event that influenced me was when my cousin got in a motorcycle accident.
While under the influence, he wasn't wearing a helmet and crashed into a car.
He was life flighted to Mercy Hospital in Des Moines...
then put into the Intensive Care Unit for being in a coma.
My family and I went to Des Moines almost every day to visit.
It was hard on everyone to see him unresponsive, and it made me realize anything can happen any time.
When he woke up 4 days later, he could only slightly remember who we all were.
So we all tried to help him remember his family and his life.
It's been a few years since the accident and everything turned out to be fine.

Therapy
One day, a friend came up to me and told me she was feeling left out.
She informed me her mother paid more attention to her siblings than her.
I tried thinking about ideas on how to solve this problem of hers.
I told her to tell her mom how she felt.
Once she told her mom how she felt, I could tell there was an instant change in how her mom was treating her.
The feeling of helping her out made me so happy.
It was that moment when I decided I wanted to be a marriage and family therapist.
My whole life I have tried to help people out.
I am a person who would rather give than receive.
Being a therapist would give me a great feeling everyday.

CF's Favourites
I like chocolate.
I like KFC.
I like Pepsi.
I like balloons.
I like yellow.
I like Easter eggs.
I like Sizzler.
I like chocolate.
I like Red Rooster.
I like Sunkist.
I like going on the ferris wheel.
I like Fanta.
I like 7up.
I like Sprite.
I like Solo.
I like chocolate.
I like shopping at Toy World.
I like going on rides at the show.

Dirty Jobs
This is dirty jobs with Mike Rowe.
Mike Rowe always gets dirty.
Mike Rowe is driving a 4 wheeler and is stuck in the mud.
Mike Rowe is drilling holes for tunnels.
Mike Rowe is  covered in dirt.
Mike Rowe is  kissing a cow.
Mike Rowe  has made pottery.
Mike Rowe  is cleaning up.
He is digging  a hole in the ground for pipes.
Mike Rowe is cleaning out  the boat.

What To Do?
It was the summer of my sophomore year.
It was also pouring rain, and I was stuck at home bored out of my mind.
I spent hours thinking about what I like and don't like doing.
I knew that I didn't want to work at a desk job.
Also, I wanted to do something that wasn't the same day, after day, after day.
I wanted to feel like I was being challenged everyday.
I knew I wanted to have a unique role in the workplace.
Bored and tired of thinking, I turned on the TV.
When the TV turned on, Cops was showing.
That's when I realized I wanted to become some type of law enforcement officer.

My 1st Roller Coaster
When it came to riding roller coasters, I was deathly afraid.
So I stuck to riding things like the ferris wheel.
This all changed when I went on a band tour to Orlando, Florida.
I was forced to go on the Aerosmith Rockin' Roller Coaster.
My friends and I waited in line for hours.
It didn't help that it was really hot outside, too.
When I got in my seat, my heart started racing!
At a moments notice, the roller coaster took off!
Thank goodness it was dark inside.
I was sad that the ride ended, but my first roller coaster was a rockin' good time!

Best Friend...Riiiight!
When I was 13, I had a friend that stabbed me in the back.
I was friends with her since I was 10.
Then she started spreading nasty rumors about me.
I have never trusted her again.
I have other friends now,
but, because of her, I can't fully trust my friends.
She screwed up my life.
I want to trust my friends with my secrets,
but I also keep things away from them as well.
She made me realize that...
people are not always what they appear.

Dogs
I was born today.
I'm playing.
I have a nice costume.
This is my brother.
I'm reading the book.

The Dolphin
I'm playing with my mum.
I'm jumping, hurray!
My dolphin trainer is taking a photo of me.
My days are very funny with my new friends.

The Dolphins
I am a dolphin in the sea.
Here I am with my teacher.
Here I am swimming with my friends.
I have a new friend.
Here I am in a show.
This is my photo.

My Little Dogs
I'm a baby.
They are my best friends.
She is my mother.
He is my father.
She is my girlfriend.

CIML Golf Meet
Friday was a cold, rainy, and windy day at the golf course.
The pressure was on, and our team needed to play well.
The shotgun fired and we teed off.
With butterflies in my stomach, I took the first swing.
I hit the fairway. I thought it was going to be a good day.
Little did I know, I would lose 4 golf balls in my round.
I shot a rough 88 and was the highest on the team.
We shot 324 as a team and put ourselves in 4th place.
The team was sad and disappointed, but we could come back.
There was still a second half and one more chance to be conference champs.

Golf
It was a perfect day for a round of golf.
So Zach Lenhart and I decided to go play.
We ended up spending more time at the beach then golfing.
Losing balls in the water also made it a rough day.
After a long day, we finally teed off on our last hole.
We hit our shots onto the green for the first time that day.
Zach 4 putts to finish his round.
This upset him so he hit his ball like a baseball with his putter.
Little did he know the ball would hit my mom in the head.
She went to the hospital but everything turned out fine.

Trip to Germany.
I was playing Xbox all night waiting to leave for my class trip to Germany.
I had to be on the road by 5:30 in the morning.
We all had to meet at the airport by 7.
We were in the air by 8.
We made it to Atlanta to wait for our connecting flight in 6 hours.
We spent most of our time in the food court or playing Gameboy at our terminal.
After the long wait, we made it on the plane and were about to take off.
The plane ride lasted 8 hours.
The only way to make the plane ride shorter was to sleep in the most uncomfortable seats.
But the long ride and the potential bedsores paid off because we finally made it to Germany.

Fight for Your Right to Party
I wish I was a cowboy, but living in the city I never had the opportunity.
But once on my Grandfather's farm,
I got to work the cattle.
I was expecting red hot iron and searing flesh.
There was nothing of the sort.
I didn’t lasso a cow or wrestle one to the ground.
We lined them up.
Then administered shots and put tags in their ears.
That was it. There was no riding on horses or cowboy boots.
It was fun, but I still was not being a true cowboy.

Wrestling
I enjoy wrestling very much.
But it can also be grueling.
Practices are very hard, and we work really hard.
During practice, we work on take downs.
We also work on escaping during practice.
At the start of the match, we both start on our feet.
We both work for a take down.
Then once I get a takedown, I ride him out.
And I hope I don't get put in the spladle.
When I win, I get super jacked.

Just Some More Noise
I picked up my guitar and plucked the cold, steel strings.
The notes danced around me.
My fingers moved endlessly up and down the fret board.
My soul poured into the bends and shrieks it made.
Energy filled me, and I was soon in my zone.
I felt as though I was on top of the world.
No doors were closed to me. I could go anywhere.
I invited my mother in to hear me play.
She gave me the weirdest of looks.
Then continued to say it just sounded like more noise.

Spinning
When I was little, my brother and I were bored.
We started spinning.
I got dizzy.
Therefore, I stopped spinning, but he kept going.
Next, I did something kind of mean.
I pushed him.
He hit his head on the fireplace.
He cracked his head open.
There was a lot of blood.
Ever since, not only have I been scared of blood, but I take better care of my little brother, too.

An Epic Day
I sat down and turned on my Xbox.
I logged on and saw that a bunch of my friends were online.
We made a live party to play some Halo 3.
We joined a game and the battle began.
I found myself with a stalker.
He killed me over and over.
So I hid behind a rock, fearing for  my life.
He walked by, and I popped out to surprise him.
An epic battle ensued.
He fell down, and I reigned supreme. I was the champion.

Moving Day
It's moving day!
I was greeted with a huge pile of boxes.
I discovered we also had to move big furniture!
Then I saw the really big truck come over the hill.
I looked inside, and the inside was huge!
I helped pack up and headed out onto the road.
I arrived at the new apartment and it was a good size.
The parking lot was huge!
I had to help move things upstairs and it felt like there were a ton of stairs.
My sister was crazy about green things.
But, when everything was said and done, my sister trashed the place.

Sink or Float?
Float.
Sink.
Float.
Sink.
Float.
Sink.
Float.
Sink.
Float.

Rainbow Brite
I like Rainbow Brite.
Rainbow Brite is the leader of the Colour Kids.
They all live in Rainbow Land and are in charge of giving the world colour.
This is Lurky. He's not very smart.
This is Murky. He and Lurky both try to take the colour from the world.
This is Patty O. Green.
This is Lala Orange.
This is Shy Violet.
The Colour Kids always save the day.
And if they don't, they can always call in the Ninja cat!

I Like Cats
This is a kitten.
These cats are funny. They are playing on a ladder.
This cat is running very fast.
What a cutie!
I like this cat.
This cat is being careful.
This cat is driving a bus.
This cat looks like Red Riding Hood.
This cat is as cute as a baby.
This cat is giving the baby a big kiss.

Gilbo - Chapter 10
Chapter 10 can be read after revising 'pictor', CL p. 29
Gilbo non est in villa.
Gilbo non est in foro.
Gilbo in magno horto ambulat.
Gilbo Figilem in horto exspectat.
Figil non venit.
Gilbo sedet.
ecce leo magnus.
leo magnus quoque est in horto.
Gilbo leonem non videt.
leo Gilbonem videt.
leo Gilbonem intente spectat.
mox leo ad Gilbonem ambulat.
Gilbo leonem videt!
Gilbo clamat.
Gilbo surgit et circumspectat.
ecce fustis. Gilbo fustem videt.
mox Gilbo fustem tenet.
leo Gilbonem ferociter petit.
Gilbo leonem verberat.
Gilbo Figilem vocat.

Jonathan's Book
I am holding my purple batter bowl.
This albatross is
flying above the
ocean.
This squirrel is
drinking from a pool.
Slappy and Skippy
Squirrel riding
ATVs.
CN Tower.
This butterfly is
sitting on a pink
zinnia.
This dog is called a Schipperke.
This rabbit looks
like Adam.
Seven birds are flying above the
ATVs.
This is me at
Yellowstone.
Purple clouds in
San Antonio, TX.
I love the Statue
of Liberty.
Michigan State
Stitch.
Elvis is standing
with President Nixon.

A Kitten Book
I like kittens. They are my favourite animals.
My kitten is a good girl, but sometimes she is naughty.
My kitten picks on my big cat at home.
My kitten used to have a litter box, but now she stays outside.
My kitten used to sleep on my bed, but now my big cat sleeps there.
My little kitten does this at home.
My little kitten used to do this at home.

Hip Hop
I like dancing and singing.
I like dancing, clumping, singing, hip hop and watching the boys clump.
Watch people dance and clump and sing.
I like Rihana, dancing, clumping and singing.
Rihana likes listening to music.
She likes listening to music, playing music and singing.

The All Blacks
The All Blacks are doing tackles.
The All Blacks doing the Haka!
Dan scores a goal.
Fiji and Samoa teams watching the Haka.
An All Blacks supporter.
New Zealand against South Africa, the Springboks.
Richie McCaw is the All Blacks captain.
Williams and the red team.

Virginia
I live in Virginia.
Virginia has beaches.
Virginia has hills.
Virginia has mountains.
Virginia has a valley.
I love Virginia.

Woodstock
They were welcomed.
40 years ago they came to Woodstock.
The music played. And the crowds went wild.
This is a different kind of Woodstock. Do not generalize.

Who Am I?
I am red and silly. I live on Sesame Street. Who am I?
I am Elmo!
I am blue and brave. I live on Sesame Street. Who am I?
I am Grover!
I am yellow. I have Bernice, the pigeon. Who am I?
I am Bert.
I am orange. I have a rubber ducky. Who am I?
I am Ernie.

Counting Horses
Counting Horses
One horse standing.
Two horses jumping.
Three horses racing.
Four horses running.
Five horses walking.
Six horses climbing.
Seven horses looking.
Eight horses coming.
Nine horses going.
Ten horses galloping.
Good-bye horses!

Veronica Studying
I was studying about fashion design in my country.
Fashion was one of my final dreams, and I liked to do it.
And I hoped that I could pursue my studies as fashion designer someday.
However, no fashion design class was offered. It gave me a shock.
So I gave it a try.
After, my mom convinced me to study in AHS.
Hmmmmm... I had to think about coming to AHS, and I thought about it all night.
Finally, I went to AHS. It was a great opportunity.
Mom said, "Study or design?" Of course, I chose design.
Now, here I am to pursue design.

Moving
There was a huge event that directly impacted my life.
I was just getting out of 3rd grade, entering 4th.
My dad wanted to go back to college at Iowa State University.
We lived a couple hours away, so commuting wasn't an option.
So, my family and I had to move to Ames.
We went from rural Iowa to the city, very different lifestyles.
I had to leave all of my friends behind.
I didn't know anybody in Ames, so it wasn't that fun at first.
It gave me the opportunity to meet some new friends.
Now, I have friends from both places that I know and talk to.

Moving
When I was living in Arizona, I never thought that we would leave our home.
My dad left to start his job here before my mom, sister and I moved.
We had to make sure the house was clean,
and we had to pack everything up.
This experience brought me closer to my sister and mom because we had to get through it together.
I learned that even if you think something is impossible, you can get through it, and it can make you closer to people.
Also, I realized that change can let you grow and can also make you appreciate things you took for granted.

Realizing
I always thought I was a miserable child.
I could not get what I wanted and needed most of the things that I had to achieve.
One day, when I was thinking all these things, other things were popping up in my head.
In my head, there were children who  did not have anything.
And there were people who were treated like slaves.
After that, I realized I am so blessed.
I had my own home and people who loved me.
So each time someone starts complaining because things are not going their way, I always tell them my thoughts.
They often agree and say, "Yes, I am blessed."
By realizing all this stuff, I also learned lucky is  not fitting to describe my situation.

Road Trip!!!
This summer, I went on a road trip to 'Worlds of Fun' with a couple of my friends.
We found directions online and took off for our destination.
We ended up getting lost on our way there and had to stop and ask for directions.
We ended up stopping at a gas station where this creepy man with no teeth gave us directions.
We should have known you NEVER trust a creepy man with no teeth. We got even more lost after that and had to stop again.
We started on our way once more, but of course, we got into the city right at noon rush hour and hit a traffic jam.
We were stuck in traffic for over an hour and all we could think about was getting to 'Worlds of Fun.'
Finally, we got out of the traffic jam and made it to 'Worlds of Fun!!'
The day ended up being great, and in the end, everybody was all smiles!

My Grandpa
Last year, my grandpa started getting really sick. He ended up getting cancer.
A little after that he started to have hospital visits.
The last hospital visit he had gotten really sick, and my whole family went to the hospital to see him.
He wasn't able to talk, or move or open his eyes.
A few of us decided to stay with him, and he ended up dying that night.
It made me come to realize that he was such a great man, and he did what he wanted to in life.
I realized that night that I wanted to be like him.  I decided to live life as I want and to be myself.

Many Smiles
A hidden smile.
A pretty smile.
A freaky smile.
"I love you" smile.
A young smile.
An old smile.
She smiles with her eyes.
A mommy smile.
A happy smile.
A peek-a-boo smile.
A funny smile.
A racing smile.
Two friends sharing a smile.
A crazy smile.
I think we all smile in the same language.

A Happy Day
Some awesome cookies.
One day, my mom was standing in the kitchen.
She wanted me to help her. I did, and I was doing pretty awesome.
That's when I told her I wanted to be a pastry chef.
She told me, "Shoot for the moon, and if you miss, you'll still be among the stars."
I was so happy that she backed me up on everything I do.
I still want to be a pastry chef!
I know it sounds fruity what my mom told me, but hey, it meant a lot.
Knowing my mom, she probably got it off some Hallmark card...

Rafting the Nile
I slept, troubled by nightmares.
I worried about crocodiles.
I feared hippos.
I imagined drowning in the rapids.
However, I found myself on a raft the next morning.
I saw beautiful wildlife but no hippos or crocodiles.
We flipped on "Big Boy," a level 5 rapid.
I felt as if I were drowning.
I got back on my raft, however, and enjoyed Sandwich Island.
To greet us at the end was a rainbow and a sunset.

Insects, Insects All Around
Insects all around.
Insects with legs.
Ant on the grass.
Spider in his web.
Butterfly on a flower.
Beetle with spots.
Caterpillar getting fat.
Ladybug is small.
Fly away fly.
Honey bee eating lunch.
Grasshopper can jump.
Dragonfly can flutter its wings.
Praying mantis looking at me.
Beetle with stripes.
Insect that pinches.
Insect that's red.
Insects, insects all around.

The Color Pink
Seeing pink all around us.
Pink floats in the water. Pink is pretty.
Pink stands on one leg. Pink has feathers.
Pink has wheels. Pink has doors and windows.
Pink is warm. Pink has a zipper.
Pink is on her head. Pink is a hat.
Pink has a flag. Pink has a porch to sit on.
You can wear pink. Pink is a dress.
Pink goes oink. Pink is big and fat.
Pink is 12 cupcakes with pink icing.
Pink is balloons. Pink is round.
Pink is cold. Pink can be licked.
Pink is cotton candy. Pink is yummy.
Pink will keep you dry when it is open.
Pink is all around us.

The Color Gray
Seeing gray all around us.
Gray is big. Gray is little.
Gray is a mother. Gray is a baby.
Gray has long ears. Gray is a pet.
Gray is soft. Gray has whiskers.
You can wear gray. Gray keeps you warm.
Gray can run. You can sit on gray.
Gray climbs up. Gray climbs down.
Gray is weather. Gray is in the sky.
Gray is wild. Gray is in the woods.
Gray is on the farm. Gray is a house for animals.
Gray can jump. Gray swims in the water.
Gray is a mountain. Gray is big.
Gray has tusks. Gray can swim.
Gray is all around us.

The Color White
Seeing white all around us.
White is cold. White is snow.
White is soft. White can be a bird.
White is a swan.
White can eat. White has feathers.
White is in the sky.
White you can eat. White goes pop, pop, pop.
White lives on the farm. White you can ride.
White is a puppy. White has a ball.
White is in the night. White is in the sky.
White can fly. White has wings.
White can hop. White has big ears.
White has a black nose.
White is a rose.
White is all around us.

The Color Black
Seeing black all around us.
Black can hang upside down. Black can fly at night.
Black is soft. Black can meow.
Black is tall. Black is funny.
Black is on your feet. Black can dance.
Black on a leaf.
Black is petals. Black smells good.
Black can sit. Black can bark.
Black is on the tracks. Black is long.
Black has two wheels. Black is fast.
You can wear black. Black keeps you warm.
Black is wild. Black is at the zoo.
Black on your head. Black can be brushed.
Black can jump. Black can run.
Black is all around us.

The Color Yellow
Seeing yellow all around us.
Yellow can zigzag on a hotdog.
Yellow can go on the highway.
Yellow grows in a field.
Yellow in a jar. Yellow can spread.
Yellow goes to school.
Yellow is a flower big and tall.
Yellow is sour, but tastes good in lemonade.
Yellow can buzz. Yellow can sting.
Yellow peels off for a tasty surprise.
Yellow sizzles. Yellow fries in a pan.
Yellow is warm. Yellow is alive.
Yellow can hang upside down.
Yellow has feathers around the neck.
Yellow is all around us.

The Color Orange
Seeing orange all around us.
Orange grows under the ground.
Orange can be peeled. Orange is juicy.
Orange can flutter. Orange has wings.
Orange can bounce. Orange is round.
Orange can growl. Orange can bounce.
Orange floats down. Orange lays on the grass.
Orange shows cars that they can pass.
Orange plumps up in the patch.
Orange is funny. Orange is a smile.
Orange can grow. Orange can be picked.
Orange is a birthday. Orange has icing.
Orange can pick up food.
Orange has long legs. Orange has a friend.
Orange is all around us.

The Color Purple
Purple is sweet. Purple tastes good.
Purple is leafy.
Purple in the sun.
Purple ripens on a warm, sunny day.
Purple is mixed up with all the others.
Purple in front. Purple you can drink.
Purple you sit on. Purple is a chair.
Purple can take you for a ride.
Purple you live in.
Purple can fly. Purple is far way.
Purple is a star on the sand.
Purple all around us.

The Color Green
Seeing green all around.
Green is a pepper. Green in a basket.
Green is tall. Green is big.
Green has leaves hanging down.
Green has legs. Green can crawl around.
Green can color at home or school.
Green feels good under your feet.
Green can fly. Green can flutter.
Green can swim. Green can hop.
Green says go to cars on the street.
Green can pickup. Green can dump.
Green can slitter and green can slide.
Green can smell. Green can grow outside.
Green is an apple. Green is good to eat.

The Color Blue
Blue can go very fast.
Blue is pretty and smells so sweet.
Blue can swim with all his friends.
Blue can sing and fly around.
Blue is a house where you can live.
Blue is an ocean big and deep.
Blue has wings to help it fly.
Blue can walk when you put them on your feet.
Blue is round and can go up in the air.
Blue had many friends and they are all blue.
Blue is round. Blue is sweet. Blue is good to eat.
Blue can hop up on a tree.

Gilbo - Chapter 9
Chapter 9 can be read after revising 'pictor', CL p.29
ecce Talia. Talia est pictor.
Magus pictorem visitat. Magus ad villam venit.
Magus ad ianuam ambulat.
Magus ianuam pulsat.
Talia non audit. Talia est in horto.
Talia picturam pingit.
Magus Taliam vocat.
Talia Magum audit.
Talia ad ianuam venit et ianuam aperit.
Talia Magum salutat.
Magus intrat.
Talia Magum ad hortum ducit.
Magus hortum intrat et circumspectat.
mox Magus picturam videt.
Magus picturam intente spectat.
ecce pictura.
Gilbo est in pictura.
Gilbo est in magno horto.
Gilbo fustem tenet.
Magus est anxius.
Magus exit.
mox Talia ad picturam revenit.
Talia magnum leonem in pictura pingit.

I Can...
I can skate.
I can ski.
I can snowboard.
I can skateboard.
I can stomp in the mud.
I can slide.
I can spin.
I can swing.
I can smile.

Gilbo - Chapter 8
Chapter 8 can be read after revising 'in foro' CL p. 28
ecce Gilbo.
Gilbo non est in villa. Gilbo est in foro.
Gilbo est mercator. Gilbo in foro negotium agit.
Gilbo in foro scribit.
Gilbo in foro pecuniam numerat.
Gilbo in foro ambulat.
ecce Figil. Figil quoque in foro ambulat.
Figil est tonsor.
Figil est amicus. Gilbo Figilem visitat.
'salve!' Figil Gilbonem salutat.
'salve!' Gilbo respondet.
ecce Orcus. Orcus in foro ambulat.
Orcus Figilem videt et salutat.
'salve!' Figil respondet.
Orcus Gilbonem videt et salutat.
Gilbo non respondet.
Gilbo Orcum vituperat.
Orcus non est amicus. Orcus est venalicius.

The Laughing Kookaburra
Kookaburra sits in a tall gum tree.
He laughs and laughs. "Oo-oo-ah-ah-ha-ha."
Joey asks, "Why are you laughing?"
Kookaburra can't stop laughing. "Oo-oo-ah-ah-ha-ha."
Owl opens one eye and asks, "Why are you laughing?"
Kookaburra can't stop laughing. "Oo-oo-ah-ah-ha-ha."
Snake asks, "Why are you laughing?"
Kookaburra can't stop laughing. "Oo-oo-ah-ah-ha-ha."
They all look where kookaburra is looking.
They see a possum on a camera.
Kookaburra can't stop laughing. "Oo-oo-ah-ah-ha-ha."
The possum jumps on to a ranger's back. He is safe.
Snake laughs, "Oo-oo-ah-ah-ha-ha."
Joey laughs, "Oo-oo-ah-ah-ha-ha."
Owl flies away laughing, 
"Oo-oo-ah-ah-ha-ha."
They all laugh with kookaburra. "Oo-oo-ah-ah-ha-ha."

Gilbo - Chapter 7
Chapter Seven can be read after revising 'in triclinio', CL p.20
ecce pavo.
Mella pavonem coquit. mox pavo est paratus.
Mella triclinium intrat. Mella pavonem portat.
mox cibus est in mensa.
Mella exit.
Magus est laetus. Magus cenam exspectat.
Magus pavonem gustat. pavo est optimus.
Magus pavonem laudat.
mox Gilbo intrat. Gilbo vinum portat.
Gilbo exit.
Magus vinum gustat. vinum est optimum.
Magus vinum laudat.
Magus magnifice cenat. cena Magum delectat.
Magus cenam laudat.
Celbus est laetissimus.
Magus exit.
ecce Draco. Draco est in via.
Gilbo viam intrat. Gilbo pavonem portat.
Draco surgit.
Draco Gilbonem videt. Draco pavonem spectat.
Draco pavonem consumit. pavo Draconem delectat.
mox Draco suaviter dormit.

All Things Change
How will this flower change?
Summer changes...
to fall.
Tadpoles change...
to frogs.
Caterpillars change...
to butterflies.
Kittens change...
to cats.
Babies change...
to kids!
Kids change...
to grownups!
Flowers change to seeds.
I like change!!

I Love Cookies!
I love cookies!
I love chocolate cookies.
I love peanut butter cookies.
I love cookies with jelly in the middle.
I love cookies with frosting in the middle.
I love cookies!
I love cookies with kisses on top.
I love cookies with M&M's on top.
I love cookies with sprinkles on top!
I love cookies... with milk!
Oh, cookies. I love you.
Do you think cookies love me, too?

★Alice of Happy World★
Her name is Alice.
She opened her eyes, and saw she was in a new place.
She was embarrassed and discovered a White Rabbit.
She kept asking, "Where am I?"
The White Rabbit said, "Follow me."
She tried to follow the White Rabbit but lost him.
She was crying. Suddenly, she heard a voice.
"What a pretty girl! Why are you crying? Don't cry."
The Caterpillar smiled and wiped Alice's tears.
Alice cheerfully kept walking.
Then she smelled something sweet.
She followed the smell, and she saw a Hatter was drinking tea.
The Hatter kindly offered her some cake.
Alice ate the delicious cake.
Alice kept walking.
But she soon got lost.
She was crying. Suddenly, she heard a voice from a tree.
"Why so serious? Let's have fun!"
Alice was very happy to see the Cheshire Cat dancing.
Alice grinned from ear to ear and then left.
Alice arrived at a splendid palace.
A soldier said, "Girl, take this flower. It's a present!"
"There is a Heart Queen waiting for you." Alice went into the palace.
There was a Heart Queen in the palace.
"Welcome! Our people all love you."
"Would you be a princess in our country?"
Alice was so happy.
Alice had open eyes, but she was not happy.
Everything was a dream.
Not caring for anything, she fell asleep again. Was this just a dream?

People Who Help Us by Room 4
People Who Help Us
We all have people who are helping hands.
Doctors help us get better.
Friends help us.
The police are there to help.
Firefighters help protect us.
Teachers like to help us.
Family always helps us.
People who are helping hands will help us.
Helping makes us HAPPY!

Food, Yummy, Food
Some food is yummy and sweet.
Some food is healthy.
Some food looks like trees.
Some fruit is colourful.
Yummy cakes with berries.
Tiny treats.
Barbeque meats.
Crunchy apples.
Chocolate cakes.
Fried eggs, too.
Fresh fish.
Bright, red strawberries.
Yellow bananas.
Big burgers.
Smiley face cakes.
Lolly treats,
and colourful sweets.
I love food.

Terrestrial Neighbours
The terrestrial neighbours of planet Earth are the planets Mercury,Venus and Mars.
Planet Mercury.
The planet Mercury is the closest planet to our sun.
Diameter: 4,878km (3,032 miles) at its equator, which is about two-fifths of Earth's diameter.
Maximum temperature: 465ºC. Minimum temperature: -184ºC.
Mercury does not have any moons.
Planet Venus.
Diameter: 12,100 km. It is about 1040km smaller in diameter than Earth.
The temperature on Planet Venus is about 450ºC.
Mars.
Not that Mars!
Mars is the red planet.
Planet Mars is 10,600 km long by 8,500 km wide.
Mars can be see from Earth.
The temperature on Mars' surface is about -120ºC.
Bibliographhy: 1.Core Science1 p:166,167 2.www.solarviews.com/eng/mars.htm 3.www.aerospaceguide.net/planet/planetmercury.html
4.www.space.com/mercury/ 5.www.aerospaceguide.net/planet/planetvenus.html 6.csep10.phys.utk.edu/astr161/lect/venus/venus.html

School Rules Book
We follow school rules.
In school, we use a quiet voice.
We walk inside from recess.
We stop when our teachers say "no" or "stop".
We can use our hands for high fives and hand shakes.
We do not touch others if we have not asked.
When it is time to go home, we get on the van.
We will have a good day at school following the school rules.

Welome to Our Sports
The "Giants Noise Crew" rocks.
I like doing cross country.
Basketball is fun.
I won a yellow ribbon in swimming.
In cricket, I hit the ball for six.
I like to play rugby with my friends.
I am warming up for my race.
The shot put is heavy.
I faced my fear of heights.
On our tramp, we saw some big trees.
The athletes were wicked.
I was trying to catch Ben.
We are running.
I'm passing the ball.
I like throwing the discus.
We are happy and proud!

Animal Ears and Eyes
The African elephant has very big ears. These help the elephant to hear sounds up to 4 kilometers away.
`The polar bear has very small ears so it will not lose body heat in the cold.
The owl has big pupils to help it spot its food while night hunting.
Possums have big pupils to help them see their food at night. They are called nocturnal.
The dolphin makes high pitched sounds and listens to the echoes as they bounce back.

Wilson
Animal eyes and ears.
The deer has big ears to hear danger.
The polar bear has small ears so it does not lose body heat.
The elephant has big ears. They flap them to keep cool.
Owls have large pupils for good vision in the dark.
Possums hunt  for food at night and sleep in the day.

My Eye Book
My Eye Book
It was a bright day.
I looked into the sky.
I saw a lime pie fly by.
Then I saw a hippo go flying by.
He must have been as light as a feather.
I couldn't believe my eyes.
I blinked my eyes and rubbed my eyelashes.
It was a strange thing to see way up high in the sky.

Meanings of Fair
Fair can mean an exhibition of things, animals, crafts and fun rides.
People with light-colored hair are sometimes called fair-haired.
People with light colored skin are sometimes called fair-skinned.
When children take turns at the playground, they are being fair.
To share is to be fair.
Abraham Lincoln believed in being fair to everyone.
Fair sometimes means not taking sides.

Tired
The woman is tired.
The cat is tired.
The birds are tired.
The puppy is tired.
The monkey is tired.
The tiger is tired.
The duck is tired.
The hippos are tired.
The flamingos are tired.
The panda is tired.
The raccoon is tired.
The men are tired.
Good night!

Time Birthday
Today is my birthday!!!
Today I am 3 years old.
Today I am going to play with my best friend.
My best friend is 5 years old.
He is waking up, and today is his birthday.

Services for Consumers
Goods are stuff like books, clothes and DVDs.
People want goods so they pay a price.
Services are the work that people do.
People want services so they pay a price.
Consumers are people like you and me.
Consumers want goods and services, so they pay a price.

V8 Super Cars
V8 super cars are very loud.
V8 super cars have thick wheels.
V8 super cars can fit into a truck.
This is a V8 game.
This is a Holden.
V8 super cars do burn out.
V8 super cars go to the pit to get fixed.
When you win a race, you get a trophy.

BMX
BMX is a sport.
You can do tricks on a BMX bike.
You can get different colours.
You can get stunt pegs and different tires.
Many pro BMX riders come from America.
He is doing a spin and bouncing on one leg on the front tire.
He is jumping into the dome.
This looks like the BMX bike I want to buy.
They are doing free style biking.
He is doing a jump over the rail.
Remember to always wear safety gear.

Music and Dance
I like playing guitar with my teacher, Theo.
I play after school with my friends.
I like playing drums.
It's noisy playing drums. These are from a different country.
James and I like hip hop.
I like girls to dance with me in a nightclub.
Beyonce is my favourite singer.
She looks at me, and she is a good singer.

Tucker the Rabbit
Tucker is a rabbit.
Tucker asleep.
Living in the wild.
Treats in the grass.
A different kind of hutch.

Picture Day
It is almost picture day!
On picture day, people look nice.
On picture day, people wear nice clothes.
On picture day, people wear clean clothes.
On picture day, people brush their teeth.
On picture day, people take a bath.
On picture day, people wash their faces.
On picture day, people wash their hair.
On picture day, people comb or fix their hair.
On picture day, people look in the mirror.
On picture day, people smile!

Swimming with Dolphins
We are going on a boat ride to see dolphins swim in the water.
It is important to remember that the dolphins live in the ocean. It is their home.
Just like humans, dolphins do different activities during the day.
They hunt for fish, play, rest and feed their young.
While in the water, let the dolphin come to you.
Your hands could hurt the dolphin.  Please don't touch them.  Remain calm if a dolphin comes near you.
Look under the surface.  You will surely have the chance to see and hear dolphins!
You will be using goggles or face masks to see the dolphins.  We will need to practice using them.
Look around the ocean.  It is filled with treasures to discover.
If the dolphin swim away, please don't try to catch up with it.
Remember we are visitors in the ocean.  We always should respect and protect the ocean.

Megan
Megan likes sitting.
Megan likes Andrew.
Megan likes Ben.
Megan likes cousins.
Megan likes kittens.
Megan loves fun.

Dogs Like Balls
Dogs like balls.
Some dogs like tennis balls.
Some dogs like spotty balls.
Some dogs like colourful balls.
Some dogs like wet balls.
Some dogs like fluffy balls.
Some dogs like stripy balls.
Some dogs like flying balls.
Some dogs like baseballs.
Some dogs like sandy balls.
Some dogs like green balls.
Some dogs like soccer balls.
At night, dogs get tired of balls.

Rules for the Flock
Be kind to others.
Wait for your turn.
Pay attention.
Do your best work.
Walk in line.

Emotions
Everyone has different emotions.
These kids are happy. What makes you happy?
This baby is sad and crying.What makes you sad?
This girl is mad and yelling. What makes you mad?
This girl is sleepy. What do you do when you are sleepy?
This girl is nervous. What makes you nervous?
This girl is excited. What makes you excited?
Have a happy day.

When I Get Too Excited...
When I get too excited...
I get REALLY hyper.
I can't stop talking.
I start singing to myself.
That really annoys people.
To calm down, I usually read a book or have a lie-down.
And everyone is happy!

All Kinds of Moods
We have moods that change time and time again.
Some things we see can bring our hearts to a halt.
While others, make us want to cry.
Other things are not always clear.
After we figure it out, we have the time of our lives.

Puppies
Soren and Skye love puppies.
Soren wants to play with this puppy.
This puppy looks like it has vampire teeth!!
Skye wants to play with this cute, little puppy.
Soren loves puppies, but Skye loves kitties!
Bye, everyone! Thanks for reading Soren and Skye's puppy book!

Generosity and Gratitude
This is a family of generous people.
It flows through mother and father through these three sisters and back.
It overflows into our family in waves.
It makes me smile.
It's unexpected.
It makes me happy to have a friend.
It's heart felt.
It gives me hope.
It is love in the purest kind.
We are thankful!

My Cats
My cat is little.
My cats are babies.
There are two cats.
I love them.

Gilbo - Chapter 6
Chapter Six can be read after revising 'mercator' CL p.20
ecce Magus.
Magus Celbum visitat.
Magus villam intrat.
'salve!' Magus Celbum salutat.
'salve!' Celbus respondet.
Celbus triclinium intrat.
Magus quoque triclinium intrat.
Celbus bibit.
Magus quoque bibit.
Celbus in lecto recumbit.
Magus quoque in lecto recumbit.
ecce Mella. Mella in culina laborat.
ecce pavo.
Mella pavonem coquit. pavo non est paratus.
Magus non est laetus. Magus cenam exspectat.
Celbus est anxius.
Celbus filium vocat.
Gilbo triclinium intrat.
Gilbo cantat. Magus Gilbonem audit.
Magus est laetus.
pater filium laudat.
Gilbo quoque est laetus.

Lifeguards
Lifeguards
When at the beach, you must swim between the flags.
So the lifeguards can watch you.
They can hurry to help.
They get into the boat and race to save you.
You hold up your hand so they know you need help.
They bring you in,
put you on a stretcher,
carry you to shore,
onto the sand,
and take you to an ambulance.
They watch all day.
Until everyone goes home.
Then they pack their gear away.
They all go home.

I See Many Colors
I see a red flower.
I see a blue butterfly.
I see a yellow fish.
I see a green frog.
I see an orange pumpkin.
I see a brown bear.
I see a black cat.
I see a purple flower.
I see a pink heart.

Sonny and Dooley at the Beach
This is Sonny and Dooley. They are on their way to the beach.
Dooley loves to swim in the ocean.
Sonny just likes to get his feet wet.
Dooley is looking for birds to chase.
Sonny is looking for driftwood.
Dooley is coming out to dry off.
Taking a break with dad.
Don't drink the ocean water. It is very salty.
Time to go home. It has been a fun day.

I Ate...
I ate a red apple.
I ate a green apple.
I ate a red strawberry.
I ate a green lime.
I ate some red cherries.
I ate some green grapes.
I ate a yellow banana.
I felt full.

Gilbo - Chapter 5
Chapter 5 can be read after revising 'mercator' CL p.20
ecce Mella. Mella est mater.
Mella in triclinio sedet. cibus est in mensa.
cibus est paratus. mater filium exspectat.
ecce Gilbo.
Gilbo in tablino laborat. Gilbo est mercator.
Gilbo in tablino scribit.
Gilbo pecuniam numerat.
Mella non est laeta. mater filium exspectat.
Mella Gilbonem vocat.
Gilbo triclinium intrat.
Gilbo in lecto recumbit.
mater filium vituperat.
filius matrem non audit.
filius exit.

Ben's Blah Day
Ben was feeling blah today.  Even Bella was feeling blah!
Ben's friends tried to cheer him up, the Freaky Frog Gang.
The Boston Bear Bunch.
Stuffed Bella tried to help by cheering for the Red Sox!
Nothing worked!  Ben's friends felt sad. Boo hoo, we can't make Ben smile.
Even Scooby couldn't get a giggle.
Bella is up!  She's going to help.
Bella has an idea!
Maybe a toy would help.
Treats are always good for a smile!
Bella to the rescue.

Gilbo - Chapter 4
Chapter Four can be read after revising 'Metella' CL pp.18-19
ecce Celbus. Celbus est in culina.
Celbus est coquus. Celbus in culina laborat.
Draco culinam intrat.
cibus est in mensa. Draco cibum spectat.
Draco salit.
Draco in mensa stat.
Celbus Draconem spectat.
Draco est anxius. Celbus est iratus.
'pestis! furcifer!' Celbus clamat.
Draco exit.
Celbus cibum gustat. cibus est paratus.
Celbus triclinium intrat.
Bellator est in horto.
Celbus amicum vocat.
Bellator triclinium intrat.
Bellator cibum gustat.
Bellator cibum laudat. Bellator Celbum laudat.

Hamster Hide And Seek
Are they coming?
I will hide behind this box.
I hope they can't see me.
I hope they don't spot me.
Is this cup big enough?
Where's my present?
I'm squished in here. I hope I can get out.
It is crowded in here.
Maybe they will think I'm a cookie.
Oh, they found me.

Gilbo - Chapter 3
Chapter Three can be read after revising 'amicus' CL pp.16-7
ecce Mella. Mella in atrio sedet.
ecce Celbus. Celbus in tablino scribit.
ecce Gilbo. Gilbo in triclinio bibit.
ecce Draco. Draco in horto dormit.
ecce Bellator. Bellator est amicus.
Bellator atrium intrat. Bellator Mellam salutat.
Bellator tablinum intrat. Bellator Celbum salutat.
Bellator triclinium intrat. Bellator Gilbonem salutat.
Bellator hortum intrat. Bellator canem salutat.
canis surgit.
canis latrat.
canis exit.

Skill Tester
This  is a Clean Sweep. It has a claw. You can win a teddy bear.
This is air hockey. It  has air coming up. You can win against your friend.
This is Guitar Hero. It has a guitar and music. You can't win a prize. It is just fun.
This is Stacker. It has  flashing lights.  You can win a mobile phone.
This  is  Spider Man  Snooker. It has leavers and buttons. You can't win a prize. It is just exciting.
This is the Chocolate Crane. It has levers. You can win chocolate.

Adagio Gets Mad
Adagio is 7 years old.
Sometimes, Adagio is happy.
Sometimes, Adagio gets mad.
A different word for mad is frustrated.
When Adagio is frustrated, he sometimes can't handle his temper.
Sometimes, Adagio makes bad choices.
Some of those choices hurt others' property.
When Adagio gets frustrated, he sometimes has to be told what to do.
Adagio doesn't feel good about those choices.
Adagio wishes he wouldn't break and hurt things.
Sometimes, Adagio thinks about taking a break.
Adagio decided that instead of getting mad, he is going to take breaths and think about a better solution.
If Adagio thinks about a calm way to solve his problem, he won't get in trouble.

I Feel Sick
Sometimes, I feel sick.
I feel sick when I have a headache.
I feel sick when my stomach hurts.
I feel sick when my throat hurts.
I feel sick when I hurt an arm or a leg.
When I am sick, I need to tell an adult.

What Makes Me Happy
What makes me happy?
Swimming makes me happy.
Animals make me happy.
Coloring makes me happy.
Music makes me happy.
Reading makes me happy.
Bikes make me happy.
When I smile, I am happy.

Boyfriend Trouble
I am troubled with my boyfriend nowadays.
He has changed his attitude.
We've been together for three years.
He felt shy holding my hand at first.
I liked holding hands, but last Saturday night...
he invited me to his house.
I was not sure if I should go to his house or not.
I went there and I played cards with him for a while, however, suddenly...
he kissed me on the lips.
Then, he wanted more than a kiss.
So I ran out of his house.
After that, I was not in contact with him for a week.
What should I do?

Gilbo - Chapter Two
Chapter Two can be read after revising 'Cerberus' CL p.6
ecce Celbus. Celbus est pater.
Celbus est in triclinio. Celbus in triclinio dormit.
Celbus stertit.
ecce Draco. Draco est canis.
Draco triclinium intrat.
Draco circumspectat.
cibus est in mensa.
Draco salit.
Draco in mensa stat.
ecce Gilbo. Gilbo est filius. Gilbo triclinium intrat.
Gilbo circumspectat.
Draco in mensa dormit.
Celbus stertit.
Draco stertit.
Gilbo est iratus.
'pestis! furcifer!' filius clamat.
Draco surgit.
Draco latrat.
Draco exit.
Celbus dormit.

Fun in the Sun
It is summer.
It is fun to play outside in the summer.
It is hot outside in the summer.
You should wear clothing that keeps you cool in the summer.
You should drink lots of water in the summer.
You should wear sunscreen in the summer.
You should sit in the shade whenever you can in the summer.
When you are safe, you can have fun in the summer.

Flamingos
Flamingos live in lagoons, or lakes, where there is lots of mud and water.
Feather color varies with species, ranging from pale pink to crimson or vermilion.
Caribbean flamingos have the brightest coloration: crimson or vermilion.
The Chilean flamingo is pale pink.
A flamingo's feather color comes from beta-carotene, just like in carrots.
Newly hatched chicks have gray feathers, a red bill, and plump, pink legs.
Flamingos are often seen in dense packs floating on the surface of the water.
Tens of thousands of flamingos can live in one colony!
To take off, a flamingo runs several steps, begins flapping its wings...
...and lifts into the air.
A flamingo flies stretched out with its legs trailing behind.
Flight speed of a flock of flamingos can reach 35 mph.
Flamingos spend most of the day feeding, resting and bathing.
To eat, they tilt their heads upside-down and backward in the water.
Flamingos frequently stand on one leg.
Flamingos are not native to the United States.
But plastic flamingos are very popular.
Some people decorate their homes with plastic flamingos.
Some people decorate their offices.
Some people decorate their lawns.
Some people put dozens of plastic flamingos on a friend’s lawn on his or her birthday.
Then they say "You have been flocked."

Trouble
Mum yelled...
"Get up! Get out of bed."
Dad yelled...
"Get a hair cut!"
My brother yelled...
"I'm going to get you!"
Man, what a day!
Then you call...
and it is all okay.

Gilbo - Chapter One
Chapter One can be read after revising 'familia' CL pp. 3-5
ecce Celbus.
ecce Mella.
Celbus est pater. Mella est mater.
Celbus est in culina. Celbus in culina laborat.
Mella est in horto. Mella in horto laborat.
ecce Gilbo.
Gilbo est filius.
Gilbo est in atrio. Gilbo in atrio sedet.
Gilbo in atrio bibit.
ecce Draco. Draco est canis.
Draco est in via. Draco in via dormit.

Things That Go!
Trucks go.
Vans go, too.
Cars go fast.
Motorcycles go fast, too.
Trains go slow.
Skateboards go slow, too.
Bicycles go on sidewalks.
Scooters go on sidewalks, too.
Airplanes go in the sky.
Helicopters go in the sky, too.
Boats go on water.
I go on water, too.

Apples
Lots of apples!
Apples grow on trees.
Apples are red.
Apples are green.
Apples are yellow.
Juicy and sweet.
Good to eat!
I love apples!

Sea Creatures
I'm going for a swim today. What do you think I will see?
A stingray?
A jellyfish?
A beluga whale?
A sea turtle?
A dolphin?
A starfish?
A shark?
A sea anemone?
An angelfish?
A clownfish?
A squid?
A crab?
An eel?
A sea horse?
There are many creatures to see in the sea.

Bugs, Bugs, Bugs!
There are many kinds of bugs.
This is a ladybug.
This is a stinkbug.
This is a wasp.
This is a bee.
This is an ant.
This is a spider.
This is a dragonfly.
This is a beetle.
This is a fly.
This is a caterpillar.
This is a butterfly.
This is a moth.
This is a cockroach
Wow! That is a lot of bugs.

Snakes
This is a book about snakes.
Snakes can be big.
Snakes can be little.
Snakes can curl up.
Snakes can swim.
Snakes can see.
Snakes can open their mouths.
Snakes can stick out their tongues.
Snakes can follow.
Snakes can rattle their tails.
Snakes can be many colors.
Snakes can slither.
Snakes can hide.
Snakes can climb trees.
Snakes can lay eggs.

Farm
Snow covers the barn.
Frozen water falls as snow.
Snow falls on trees.
Snow on horses.
Blowing snow on horses.
Sheep with snow on the ground.
Rooster in the snow.
Sun melts the snow.
Sun helps flowers grow.
Rain helps plants grow.
Rain on a field.
Hay grows.
Field of hay.
Hay is food for farm animals.
Hay is cut and rolled to feed animals.
A cow eats hay.
A horse eats hay.
A rabbit eats hay.
Sheep will eat hay.
A lamb will eat hay.
Pigs eat grass and hay.
Chickens eat grass.
Barn to store hay.
Pigs on a farm.
Chicken on a farm.
Farm.
Good night.

This Bird is...
This bird is white.
This bird is black.
This bird is blue.
This bird is red.
This bird is pink.
This bird is green.
These birds are yellow.
This bird is small.
This bird is big.
These birds are tall.
This bird is up.
This bird is down.
This bird is wet.
This bird is dry.
These birds are cold.
This bird is ___________.

My Service Dog
This is me, my mom and my service dog.
Sometimes, my doggy and my baby brother get bored at the airport.
Hajik enjoys smelling the fish I catch.
My dog and I enjoy dancing together.
He helps me go shopping.
He can open his own presents.
I like it when he does the LAP command.
At the end of a long day, he likes to lay down.
He is my best friend.

I See...
I see fireworks.
I see flowers.
I see the beach.
I see a turtle.
I see the mountains.
I see a butterfly.
I see the sunset.
I see the sunrise.
I see a lighthouse.
I see a dolphin.
When I sleep and dream, I see many, many things.

Black Bell
Black Bell was a very famous horse.
She won lots of races,
but one day she hurt her front right leg.
One day, she saw a circus poster that advertised for a black horse named Belle.
She applied for the job. She got the job.
She liked the job.
She was very good at it.
One day, she had to perform.
She loved it.

Piano
I play the piano.
Each key that I press causes the piano to make a different sound.
I read sheet music to play songs on the piano.
There are small pianos.
There are also big pianos.
I like playing on big pianos.
I enjoy playing the piano for my friends and family.

Types of Music
There are many different types of music.
There is classical music.
There is rap music.
There is rock music.
There is pop music.
There is country music.
There is alternative music.
Pick a type of music you enjoy and listen to it.

Town
Town
Town by the water.
Town at night.
Street in town.
Small town.
Small town.
Big town.
Houses in town.
Bridge to town.
Roofs in a town.
Bridge in town.
People in town.
Walking in town.
Busy people in town.
Goodbye, town.

Star Wars Clone Wars
This is Anakin Skywalker’s ship.
And I’m Anakin Skywalker.
I’m Ahsoka Tano, and I’m a padewan.
I’m General Grievous,
and this is my ship.
“Battle Droids, attack!” ordered General Grievous.
Anakin and Obi-wan battle the Destroyer Droid,
while Yoda battles the Battle Droids.
“Aaaaaaaaggghhh!” yell the Battle Droids.
Meanwhile, Ahsoka is fighting the Super Battle Droid,
and wins.
“Watch out, Ahsoka!” yelled Anakin.
"I’ll defeat you, young padewan,” said Grievous.
May the force be with you.
To be continued…

Turtles Like...
Turtles Like...
Turtles like to hide.
Turtles like to stare.
Turtles like to sleep.
Turtles like to swim.
Turtles like to relax.
Turtles like to eat.
Turtles like to make families.
Turtles like to make friends.
Turtles don't like cartoons.

Furrminals
I am a fuzzy, wuzzy panda bear.
I am a fuzzy, wuzzy lion.
I am a fuzzy, wuzzy monkey.
I am a fuzzy, wuzzy hyena.
We are fuzzy, wuzzy leopard cubs.
I have a fuzzy, wuzzy tail.
I am a fuzzy, wuzzy rabbit.
I am a fuzzy, wuzzy bear.
I am a fuzzy, wuzzy baby in a fuzzy, wuzzy bed.

At the End of the Rainbow
What in the world would I find at the end of a rainbow?
Could there be Skittles at the end of a rainbow? Mmm mmm, delicious!
Would we be lucky enough to find Lucky Charms at the end of a rainbow?
Oh, what an adorable puppy! Maybe I will find him at the end of a rainbow!
I wonder if a pirate ship is at the end of a rainbow, arrgh!
How nice to find a colorful pool at the end of a rainbow!
I would ride a unicorn if it were at the end of a rainbow!
I think there are beautifully colored trees at the end of a rainbow!
I bet there is a bucket of gold at the end of a rainbow!!
Ah, me lucky charms!  You will never find what's at the end of my rainbow!

Rōmulus et Remus
Rōmulus et Remus
This text is used by permission of its copyright holder, Bolchazy-Carducci Publishers, Inc.
Mārs est deus.
Mārs Rhēam Silviam amat.
itaque Rhēa Silvia
duōs fīliōs habet: Rōmulum et Remum.
Amūlius Rhēam Silviam vinculīs claudit.
Amūlius Rōmulum et Remum in aquam pōnit.
lupa ad aquam ambulat.
lupa Rōmulum et Remum bene cūrat et amat.
Rōmulus et Remus crēscunt.
posteā Rōmulus et Remus Rōmam aedificant.

What Can Snakes Do?
What can snakes do?
Snakes can coil.
Snakes can swim.
Snakes can open their mouths.
Snakes can follow.
Snakes can hide.
Snakes can climb trees.
Snakes can lay eggs.
Snakes can eat frogs.
Snakes can sway.
Snakes can see.
Snakes can be pets.

Butterflies Like Flowers!
Butterflies Like Flowers!
This butterfly likes pink flowers.
This butterfly likes white flowers.
This one does, too!
This butterfly likes yellow flowers.
This one does, too!
This butterfly likes red flowers.
This one does, too!
This butterfly likes purple flowers.
This one does, too!
This girl likes yellow flowers.
What flowers do you like?

Roll Over
There were ten in the bed, and the little one said, "Roll over, roll over."
So they all rolled over and one fell out.
There were nine in the bed, and the little one said, "Roll over, roll over."
So they all rolled over and one fell out.
There were eight in the bed, and the little one said, "Roll over, roll over."
So they all rolled over and one fell out.
There were seven in the bed, and the little one said, "Roll over, roll over."
So they all rolled over and one fell out.
There were six in the bed, and the little one said, "Roll over, roll over."
So they all rolled over and one fell out.
There were five in the bed, and the little one said, "Roll over, roll over."
So they all rolled over and one fell out.
There were four in the bed, and the little one said, "Roll over, roll over."
So they all rolled over and one fell out.
There were three in the bed, and the little one said, "Roll over, roll over."
So they all rolled over and one fell out.
There were two in the bed, and the little one said, "Roll over, roll over."
So they all rolled over and one fell out.
There was one in the bed, and the little one said, "Good night!"
Good night!

B-I-N-G-O
There was a farmer, had a dog,
and Bingo was his name-o.
B-I-N-G-O, B-I-N-G-O, B-I-N-G-O,
and Bingo was his name-o.
There was a farmer, had a dog,
and Bingo was his name-o.
*-I-N-G-O, *-I-N-G-O, *-I-N-G-O,
and Bingo was his name-o.
There was a farmer, had a dog,
and Bingo was his name-o.
*-*-N-G-O, *-*-N-G-O, *-*-N-G-O,
and Bingo was his name-o.
There was a farmer, had a dog,
and Bingo was his name-o.
*-*-*-G-O, *-*-*-G-O, *-*-*-G-O,
and Bingo was his name-o.
There was a farmer, had a dog,
and Bingo was his name-o.
*-*-*-*-O, *-*-*-*-O, *-*-*-*-O,
and Bingo was his name-o.
There was a farmer, had a dog,
and Bingo was his name-o.
*-*-*-*-*, *-*-*-*-*, *-*-*-*-*,
and Bingo was his name-o.

When I go to School
I wake up and mom says, “Time to go to school!”
I must go to school today.
Sometimes, I like to go to school.
Sometimes, I do not like to go to school.
Sometimes, school can be scary.
Sometimes, I am scared of the sounds at school.
Sometimes, I am scared of the people at school.
It is okay if I am scared.
If I am scared, I can try to tell my teacher.
Or I can find a quiet place to sit.
If I am scared, I can ask for a hug.
Or I can find a friend to play with.
There are a lot of fun things to do at school.
I can play with blocks at school.
I can play with cars at school.
I can play with computers at school.
School can be fun.
I will try to go to school today!

Twilight
Twilight is a book.
Twilight is about Bella.
Bella meets Edward.
Edward is a vampire.
But Edward is a good vampire.
Bella and Edward fall in love.
They meet a bad vampire.
He hurts Bella.
Edward saves Bella!
Bella wants to be with Edward forever.

Elephants in the Library
Elephants in the library.
Dogs in the library.
The library is closed.
Cows in the library.
The library is opened.
Giraffes in the library.
Books in the library.
Girls in the library.
Library open.
Librarians in the library.

Sam Likes The...
This is my pug.
His name is Sam.
Sam likes the beach.
Sam likes the swings.
Sam likes the garbage.
Sam likes the water.
Sam likes the computer.
Sam likes the sofa.
Sam doesn't like the hood!

Food I Like
I like baked potatoes.
I like Chik-Fil-A.
I like peanut butter and jelly.
I like pound cake.
I like sweet tea.

Helicopters
Helicopters can fly in the sky.
Helicopters can go up because they have propellers called rotors.
Pilots can drive a helicopter.
How do they sound? They sound like airplanes.

Look, Mom!
Look, Mom! I can race.
Look, Mom! I can jump.
Look Mom! I can jump with a friend!
Look, Mom! No fear!
Look, Mom! No feet!
Look, Mom! No hands!
Look, Mom! No feet and no hands!
Look, Mom! No more fun for a while.

One Big Top
A tent does not make a circus.
A tiger does not make a circus.
An elephant does not make a circus.
A clown does not make a circus.
Cotton candy does not make a circus.
An acrobat does not make a circus.
Cool stunts do not make a circus.
Costumes do not make a circus.
But if you put it all together under one Big Top...
and you've got yourself a circus!

Animals From Africa
I see zebras with black and white stripes.
What do you see?
I see a gazelle lying in the grass.
What do you see?
I see a giraffe with a long neck.
What do you see?
I see a hippo with birds on its back.
What do you see?
I see an ibis  with long legs and a long beak.
What do you see?
I see a spotted leopard leaping through the air.
What do you see?
I see a gorilla mom with her baby.
What do you see?
I see an elephant with big white tusks. What do you see?
When I see animals from Africa,
I see such beauty.
What do you see?

Careers
What do you want to be when you grow up?
You could be a dentist and help people keep their teeth healthy.
Some people learn to be a chef and cook food at a nice restaurant.
You might want to be a lawyer and represent people in court.
Police officers do good work by protecting our community.
Some people become teachers and help children learn.
You might want to be a vet and take care of animals.
What do you want to be when you grow up?

My Puppy
I just got a puppy!
Now I can take her on walks.
She can play with me outside, too!
When she gets dirty, I can give her a bath.
After her bath, I can dry her off.
Her hair can be styled in funny ways.
For holidays, she can be dressed up.
She can play in the snow.
We can take photos with her in the snow.
But she can strike a pose alone, too.
She can be really tired at the end of the day.
Still, I can always count on her to play with me the next day.

The ABC's Everyone Loves
A is for apple.
B is for brother.
C is for cat.
D is for dog.
E is for evening.
F is for fun!
G is for goat.
H is for happy.
I is for ice cream.
J is for jump.
K is for kangaroo.
L is for lemonade.
M is for monkey.
N is for numbers.
O is for over.
P is for park.
Q is for quail.
R is for running.
S is for sitting.
T is for tapping.
U is for umbrella.
V is for vanish.
W is for wind.
X is for x-ray.
Y is for yard.
Z is for zebra.
Now we know our ABC's, let's sing them again on the count of 3! 1, 2, 3!

I Spy
I spy a dog up high in the sky!
I spy the letter C up high in the sky!
I spy a house up high in the sky!
I spy a W up high in the sky!
I spy a train up high in the sky!
I spy a bird up high in the sky!
What do you spy up high in the sky?

Jet Air
Jet Air
Stealth jets are awesome.
Stealth jets have angled wings.
Stealth jets have cool back wings.
There are four stealth jets.
This is a stealth bomber jet.
This is a fighter jet.
This is a group of stealth jets.
There are green lights glowing under this jet!

Our Favorite Dogs
This dog is cute.
These dogs are clever.
This dog is frightened.
This dog is tired.
These dogs are cool.
These dogs are playful.
These dogs are funny.
This dog is happy.
These dogs are cheeky.
This dog is athletic.
These dogs are intelligent.
This dog is lovable.
These dogs are best friends forever.

My Gym Class
We get to go to gym every day at school.
We get lots of exercise in gym class.
We get to try different games.
I can get frustrated when I don't get my turn.
When I get mad, my teacher makes me sit out.
I feel sad when I get in trouble and have to sit out.
But then I get a chance to calm down. It helps.
Gym is the best!
I don't want to miss one minute of it!

We Went Walking
We went walking.
We saw garbage.
We went walking.
We saw a bridge.
We went walking.
We saw a bus.
We went walking.
We saw trees.
We went walking.
We saw a Geocache? No, not this time.

At the Zoo
In the zoo, you can see zebras. They are black and white  with stripes.
In the zoo, you can see giraffes. They are tall.
In the zoo, you see monkeys. They are  swinging in the trees.
In the zoo, you can see elephants.  They have big tusks and long trunks.
In the zoo, you can see lions. They are the king of the jungle.
In the zoo, you can see cheetahs. They are  fast runners.
In the zoo, you can see hippos  and rhinos.  They are big.

OBAMA
Obama is a US President and is African American.
Obama is the President.
Obama stands for progress.
Obama got a Steelers' shirt.
Obama is at his inauguration.
Yes, we did it, Obama!
Michelle Obama was also at the inauguration.
Michelle Obama is the President's wife.
Michelle Obama is going to Washington.
Michelle and Barack Obama will live in the White House.

Rugby World Cup
All Blacks doing the Haka.
The All Blacks doing the scrum
The rugby stadium.
Daniel Carter doing the kick off.
The All Blacks went to Paris for the World Cup.
They are playing a big game.

Sports
I like soccer.
The man wanted to get fit.
She can't hit all of the balls.
The man is swimming in a competition.
The girl plays hockey with a team.
The boy jumps to get the ball.
The man tries to score.
The girl tries to catch the ball.

ECW
I like wrestling.
Wrestling is my favourite thing.
I play wrestling with my cousin.
Sometimes, you have to lose a fight.
Sometimes, you can win a fight.
Then you are a champion!

How Many Legs Do You Have?
How many legs do you have?
An ostrich has 2 legs!
Can you think of something that has 2 legs?
A giraffe has 4 legs!
Can you think of something that has 4 legs?
Ants have 6 legs!
Can you think of something with 6 legs?
Spiders have 8 legs!  Can you count all my legs?
Can you think of something that has 8 legs?
We have 2 legs. How many legs do you have?

Grasslands
The grasslands are covered with plants.
Grasslands are hot all year.
Most of the grasslands are covered in grasses.
Some of the grasslands have shrubs and small trees.
There are a few trees in grasslands.
Every continent has grasslands except for...
Antarctica!
Grasslands get less rain than rainforests, but more than deserts.
Grasslands get between 25 and 75 centimeters of rain each year.
There are grasslands in tropical and temperate regions.
Grasslands are being taken over by farming.
Grasslands are being taken over by buildings.
Grasslands are endangered.

My Favourite Foods
This book is about food.
But only about food I like!
I like bagels.
I like chocolate.
I also like noodles,
and pizza,
and ice cream for dessert!

Little Gods - Volcanus et Venus
ecce Volcanus. Volcanus est deus laboris.
Volcanus est filius Iunonis et Iovis.
sed Volcanus est deus foedus quem mater non amat.
itaque Iuno filium ex Olympo iacit.
Volcanus totam diem per aerem cadit.
deinde Volcanus in mare cadit.
ecce Thetis. Thetis est dea maris.
Thetis Volcanum sub mare videt et eum iuvat.
Thetis et sorores Volcanum curant.
et Volcanus dona sororibus facit.
olim Volcanus sellam insidiosam facit.
Volcanus sellam insidiosam ad matrem misit.
Iuno statim in sellam insidiosam sedet.
eheu! sella Iunonem captat.
diu Iuno in sella captiva est.
nam nemo Iunonem liberare potest.
nisi Volcanus.
ecce Mars. Mars est deus belli.
Mars Volcanum visitat.
‘libera Iunonem!’ Mars iubet.
sed Volcanus negat.
ecce Bacchus. Bacchus est deus vini.
Bacchus quoque Volcanum visitat.
‘libera Iunonem!’ Bacchus quoque iubet.
sed Volcanus iterum negat.
tum Bacchus multum vinum Volcano dat.
mox Volcanus ebrius est.
Bacchus Volcanum ebrium ad Olympum ducit.
‘libera me!’ Iuno clamat.
ecce Venus. Venus est dea pulcritudinis et amoris.
Volcanus Venerem videt. Volcanus Venerem desiderat.
‘ego te liberabo, si tu mihi Venerem dabis,’ Volcanus dicit.
Iuno Venerem Volcano promittit. Volcanus Iunonem liberat.
Iuno Baccho multas gratias agit.
nunc Bacchus laetus est. nunc Iuno laeta est. nunc Volcanus laetus est.
sed Venus non est laeta.
nam Venus non Volcanum sed Martem amat.

That's Gross, but it's Funny!
That's gross, but it's funny!
Farting.
That's gross,
but it's funny!
Picking your nose.
That's gross,
but it's funny!
Burping.
That's gross,
but it's funny!
Animals pooping.
That's gross,
but it's funny!
This book.
That's gross,
but it's funny!

Black Planet
In my world, I would like to have a lot of friends.
I'd like to have pets.
Nobody would yell.
Nobody would be mean.
I'd have parties every day.

All People with Asperger's
Out far in space, there is a world for all children with Asperger's and Autism.
There are people of all ages and sizes.
Everyone is always on time.
Adventure is always near.
We can see what our dreams will be,
and picture the scene.
Although not everything is always clear,
from time to time our beauty will shine.

In My World...
In my world, I would have wild cats.
In my world, I would have cupcakes.
In my world, I would have kittens.
In my world, I would have puppies.

Counting Horses
Counting Horses
One horse standing.
Two horses jumping.
Three horses racing.
Four horses running.
Five horses walking.
Six horses climbing.
Seven horses looking.
Eight horses coming.
Nine horses going.
Ten horses galloping.
Goodbye, horses!

Brecken Roger Walters
My name is Brecken. I am going to tell you a story.
This is my Dad and my Mom.
Mom had a baby shower when she found out about me.
People gave her many presents.
On March 12th, 2009, Dad had to take Mom to the hospital.
The whole family came; Aunt Steph, Aunt Sarah, Dad,
Grandma Kathy, Uncle Kasey,
Grandma Lynda, Aunt Steph and Dad.
It was time, and the doctors made everyone wait in the hallway.
I was finally born March 13th, 2009, at 12:37 a.m. I weighed 6 lbs 14 oz.
Mom and Dad finally told everyone my name, Brecken Roger Walters.
After I was born, Uncle Dan was able to hold me.
Grandpa Leon couldn't stay away because I was SO cute.
Great Grandma Bonnie even saw me in the hospital.
Aunt Sarah wouldn't stop holding me.
Finally it was time to leave, and Dad packed up.
My first days at home I slept.
We went to see Great Grandma Arends, too!
I learned how to laugh.
My favorite part of the day was when I took a bath.
Mom even took me running.
During the day, I liked to watch ESPN and Baby Einstein.
Aunt Sarah and Mom dressed me up to go to the baby pool.
Mom, Dad and I played together in the pool.
This is me now. I am 4 months and 20 lbs.
I love my family.
We will always be one.

Foods I Like
I like cupcakes.
I like doughnuts.
I like popcorn.
I like cookies.
I like pizza.
I like chicken wings.
I like cheese balls.
I like chips.
I like to eat.

Where Shall I Go?
Where shall I go today?
In the morning.
Above the water.
Into the forest.
Below the rays of glory.
Hide and seek?
Under the mist.
A quiet place.
Over the open road
at noon.
Too close.
In front of  the storm.
On top of the world.
Beside the 
mountain.
Inside the lights.
Under the shadows at night.
Ride again?

The Colors of the Ocean
I like the ocean.
It has lots of things to see.
In the ocean...
I see a red jellyfish.
I see an orange clownfish.
I see a yellow seahorse.
I see a green sea turtle.
I see a blue crab.
I see a purple starfish.
I see a brown stingray.
I see a black and white orca.
I see a white beluga.
I see a gray shark.
I see many things in the sea!

Cairns Show Rides
This is the Cairns Show Map.
This is a ride at the Cairns Show.
This is a ride at the Cairns Show.
This is the 'Crazy Mouse.'
This is a ride which stays still while the arms go up and down.
This is the 'Sky Walker.'
The bumper cars at the Cairns Show.
This is the 'Dodge 'em Cars.'
This is the giant carousel.
This is a cake at the Cairns Show. It won a prize.

Later?
Later?
Later, I might go play at the park.
Later, I might go home.
Later, I might play games.
Later, I might ride the bus.
Later, I might go to bed.
Later, I might brush my teeth.
Later, I might go to school.
Later, I might have dinner with my family.
Later, I might spend time with someone I like.
Now the book is over.  Later, I might read it again.

Texas Gulf Coast
Learning about the Texas Gulf Coast is fun!
Boating is a favorite pass time for people who live and vacation on the coast.
There are huge fish in the Gulf and fishing takes strength.
Shrimp are caught and people cook them. They taste good!
Oil rigs are big structures that are built on stilts.
Hurricanes are storms that form over the Gulf of Mexico.
Thanks for visiting the Texas Gulf Coast with me!

Welcome to Mesquite
I live in Mesquite, TX. In Mesquite, there are many fun things to do.
You can go to the rodeo and chase a cow.
You can go the AMC Theater and see a movie.
You can go to Devil's Bowl Speedway and see cars race.
You can go to Celebration Station and ride a go-cart.
What's your favorite thing to do?

I Work at School
I Work at School
I listen to my teacher.
I play in PE.
I work on the computer.

My Home is Special
This is my home.
My home is cozy.
My home is fun.
My home is quiet.
My home is busy.
My home is safe.

What Will School Be Like?
I am going to school today.
I am all ready.
What will school be like?
Will school be scary?
Will school be safe?
Will school be serious?
Will school be funny?
Will school be busy?
Will school be fun?
What do YOU think school will be like?

We Can Do!
We can go for a walk. Can you?
We can go off roading. Can you?
We can vote. Can you?
We can win pageants. Can you?
We can fence. Can you?
We can play basketball. Can you?
We can race. Can you?
We can play soccer. Can you?
We can graduate. Can you?

Baseball
I like to watch baseball.
I like when it's my turn to bat.
I like to throw the ball.
I like to run the bases.
I like to play catch.
Baseball is fun to watch and play!

Money
We need money.
Money can be bills.
Money can be coins.
Money looks different all over the world.
How do we get money?
We earn money by working.
What would you do with money?

Animals in Nature
The lions are playing. Playing is fun!
Elephants like to go for walks. How many elephants do you see?
Spots, spots everywhere! Giraffes have long necks and lots of spots!
Monkey, monkey, what do you see? If I count to three will you tell me please?
One!
Two!
Three!
I see a crocodile looking at me!
Smile, smile, Mr. Hippo. How many naps do you take?
One!
Two!
Three! Oh boy, I am so tired!

The ABC's of Horses
The ABC's of Horses
A is for Appaloosa.
B is for brown.
C is for cowboys.
D is for Dunn.
E is for equipment.
F is for foliage.
G is for Grulla.
H is for happy horses!
I is for "I love horses!"
J is for jumping.
K is for kid's pony.
L is for Lipizzan.
M is for Mustang.
N is for the National Horse Show.
O is for over.
P is for paint.
Q is for Quarter Horse.
R is for riding.
S is for Shetland Pony.
T is for teaching.
U is for unicorn.
V is for veterinarian.
W is for washing.
X is for Xax, the horse dog.
Y is for yearling.
Z is for zebra.

Moving On
"It's time to move on," said Mother Kangaroo.
"We need to move where there is more grass."
"It is too dry here."
Mother kangaroo made sure her joey was safe,
and she began to hop.
"Keep moving," yawned Koala.
"That way!" screeched the Galahs.
"You're almost there," rasped the Goanna.
The sun was so hot,
but a storm was on the way.
Mother Kangaroo kept hopping,
and found lots of grass,
for joey to eat and play on.

Camara's Birthday Party
At my party, I had balloons.
I went swimming.
I went under the water.
My friends went swimming, too.
After swimming, we ate pizza.
I ate cake. It was good!
My friends brought me presents.
I gave them goody bags.

Stingrays
Stingrays feel soft.
Stingrays make thudding noises when they hit rocks.
Stingrays are big.
Stingrays are circles with long tails.
The stingray swims in the ocean.

My Garden
This is my garden.
My garden has many different plants.
My garden has flowers.
My garden has vegetables.
My garden has trees.
My garden has bugs.
My garden has birds.
My garden has a gardener.
My garden has happiness.

Rainforests
The emergent layer is above the canopy. Birds live here and it gets the most sunlight.
The canopy is the top layer, like an umbrella 30-40m above the ground.
These trees act as a home for birds, possums and plants.
Many of the trees are tied together by many kinds of creepers.
The understory layer is 25m high and is home to plants, insects and birds.
If a tall tree falls down, small ferns and trees will grow out of it.
It is a fairly small place and is very dark and wet, so the trees there don't grow very tall.
Mosses, lichens, orchids, ferns, elkhorns, staghorns, and bird nest ferns grow by attaching to other plants.
Below the understory is the forest floor. It is dark here, as the sunlight is blocked.
The soil is hidden by a thin layer of fast rotting leaves, twigs and dead flowers.
The litter layer is broken down by plants like fungi, animals and insects, ants, termites and worms.

Wedges
Wedges
Phillip is using scissors. Scissors are a wedge.
Jarrod is using a fork. A fork is a wedge.
Zack is using a nail. A nail is a wedge.
Travis is using a knife. A knife is a wedge.
Robert is using a door-stop. A door-stop is a wedge.
Krystal is using an axe. An axe is a wedge.
Wedges are useful.

I Go, I Get!
I go to Wal-Mart.
I get toothpaste.
I go to my house.
I get Neemo.
I go to Burger King.
I get a  hamburger.
I go to school.
I get  cereal.
I go to the playground.
I get dirty.

North Carolina
I'm going to North Carolina to visit my grandma and the beach.
I have to pack up my suitcase.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard.
I am going to the airport tomorrow.
I will get to grandma's house at 2:00.
The beach has big waves. I am excited about my trip.

The Lake
I like to go to the lake.
The lake can be very peaceful at times.
There is a certain bridge that I run across at Town Lake.
I like to read at the lake or sometimes just meditate.
I like to go to the lake.

I Like to Eat...
I like to eat this goldfish.
I do not like to eat this goldfish.
I like to eat this worm.
I do not like to eat this worm.
I like to eat this dog.
I do not like to eat this dog.
I like to eat this tree.
I do not like to eat this tree.

Why I Like the Beach
Why do I like the beach?
I like the water at the beach.
I like what I find at the beach.
I like playing at the beach.
I like the birds at the beach.
I like sleeping at the beach.
I like swimming at the beach.
I like playing in the sand at the beach.
This is why I like the beach.

Sssh!
Everybody sleeps.
Babies sleep.
Tigers sleep.
Birds sleep.
Hippos sleep.
Pandas sleep.
Mice sleep.
Flamingos sleep.
Time to wake up!

Castles
How would you like to live in a castle?
The queen lives in a castle.
Kings live in castles.
So do princes,
and princesses.
Castles are very beautiful.
Castles are found in many parts of the world.
Some castles make me think of fairy tales.
Castles can be most elegant.
Castles can be scary.
Castles can be breathtaking.
Castles can be intriguing.
Castles can be isolated.
Some castles are very, very old.
Was Hogwarts school a castle?
Some castles are just made of sand!

Letter G
The Letter G
Get a goat. The goat says, "Maaa."
Get a guitar. The guitar plays.
Get a gorilla. We can see one at the zoo.
Get some gumboots. We walk in gumboots when it rains.
Get a goose. They say, "Honk, honk."
Don't get a pizza! That starts with 'p'.
Get a game. We can play together.

I Live...
I live at home.
I live in the universe.
I live on planet Earth.
I can show you where I live with Google Maps.
I live in North America.
I live in the USA.
I live in the south.
I live in Texas.
I live in Dallas.
My address is 1623 Main Street, Dallas, Texas.
That is my home.
I love home!

Silly Star Wars
Yoda, do you like music?
Music is good for the spirit.
Who are you?
My name is Darth.
Sss.
C3PO's head! Oh my!
Don't move!
Ahhhhh!
What is that? A cat?
Weeeeeeeee! This is fun!
Who are you? Are you Indiana Jones? You're my hero!
Come on, let's eat.
Move it. This is my burrito.
Ahhhhhh!
Ahhh! You scared the pants off of me!
Roar! Two down.
Hi. Do you like my new wheels?
See ya.

Funny Wars
A sad Stormtrooper.
The council  ready for battle.
Ahhhhhhhhh!
Yum.
Oh yeah.
Put your hands up, Fishy.
I love you.
Heave ho.
Don't give me that look.
Feel the wind.
Help!
Pretty music.
I will beat you .
Prepare to die.
Let's get 'em.
Doot doot.
Ride 'em, 
Stormtrooper.
Get going.
Let's rock the house!
What are you doing?!
Look out below!
Let's go.
Come on.
My weapon.
Who will win?
Die!

Gumboots
Stripy, blue boots.
Little boots and big boots.
Wet boots.
Jungle boots.
Brown boots.
Lost boot.
Very old boots.
A boot line.
Clean, white boots.
Colourful boots.
Dirty, black boots.
Plain, blue boots.
Flowery boots.
Tartan boots.

AUCEPS  - PALUMBES - ANGUIS (macrons)
AUCEPS  - PALUMBES - ANGUIS
(LatinViaFables.com)
AUCEPS: Ego auceps sum.
Ego avēs capiō!
Forās eō, ut avēs capiam.
Quid videō?
Arborem videō.
Arbor altissima est.
Quid in arbore altissima videō?
Ecce: palumbem in arbore videō!
PALUMBES: Ego palumbes sum.
Ego avis mītis sum.
Hīc in arbore altissima nīdum habeō.
Quid procul videō?
Hominem videō.
Homō procul est.
Quod homō procul est, nōn mē disturbat.
Hīc in arbore mea maneō.
AUCEPS: Palumbem in arbore videō.
Procul est, et arbor altissima, sed volō palumbem capere!
Ego adpropero et īnsidiās mōlior.
ANGUIS: Ego anguis sum.
Ego serpēns sum - serpēns venēnōsus!
Ecce: hominem videō.
Homo adproperat ad mē, sed mē nōn videt.
Homō mē premit!
Homō mē premit calcibus!
Mordeo!!!!
HOMO: Quid est?
Quid mē mordet? MĒ DOLET!
ANGUIS: Homō mē premit, et eum mordeo!
AUCEPS: Exanimātus sum!
Miser sum, quod anguis mē mordet.
Dispereo!
Alterī īnsidior, sed ego ipse dispereo.
ANGUIS: Palumbī Auceps īnsidiātur, sed ipse dísperit.
PALÚMBES: Mihi Auceps īnsidiātur, sed ipse disperit.
Alteri quī insidiātur, ipse disperit.
http://LatinViaFables.com

Auceps,  Palumbes & Anguis: Bird-Catcher, Dove & Snake
Auceps, Palumbes, et Anguis
The Bird-Catcher, The Dove, and The Snake
Auceps, Palumbes, et Anguis
(LatinViaFables.com)
AUCEPS: Ego auceps sum.
AUCEPS: I am a bird-catcher.
AUCEPS: Ego auceps sum.
Ego aves cápio!
I catch birds!
Ego aves cápio!
Foras eo, ut aves cápiam.
I go outdoors, in order  to catch birds.
Foras eo, ut aves cápiam.
Quid vídeo?
What do I see?
Quid vídeo?
Árborem vídeo.
I see a tree.
Árborem vídeo.
Arbor altíssima est.
The tree is very tall.
Arbor altíssima est.
Quid in árbore altíssima vídeo?
What do I see in the very tall tree?
Quid in árbore altíssima vídeo?
Ecce: palúmbem in árbore vídeo!
Look: I see a dove in the tree!
Ecce: palúmbem in árbore vídeo!
PALÚMBES: Ego palúmbes sum.
PALÚMBES:  I am a dove.
PALÚMBES: Ego palúmbes sum.
Ego avis mitis sum.
I am a gentle bird.
Ego avis mitis sum.
Hic in árbore altíssima nidum hábeo.
Here in the very tall tree  I have my nest.
Hic in árbore altíssima nidum hábeo.
Quid procul vídeo?
What do I see in the distance?
Quid procul vídeo?
Hóminem vídeo.
I see a person.
Hóminem vídeo.
Homo procul est.
The person is far away.
Homo procul est.
Quod homo procul est, non me distúrbat.
Because the  person is far away, he does not bother me.
Quod homo procul est, non me distúrbat.
Hic in árbore mea máneo.
I stay here in my tree.
Hic in árbore mea máneo.
AUCEPS: Palúmbem in árbore vídeo.
AUCEPS:  I see a dove in the tree.
AUCEPS: Palúmbem in árbore vídeo.
Procul est, et arbor altíssima, sed volo palúmbem cápere!
The dove is far away,  and the tree is very tall, but I want to catch the dove!
Procul est, et arbor altíssima, sed volo palúmbem cápere!
Ego adprópero et insídias mólior.
I approach and lay my trap.
Ego adprópero et insídias mólior.
ANGUIS: Ego anguis sum.
ANGUIS:  I am a snake.
ANGUIS: Ego anguis sum.
Ego serpens sum - serpens venenósus!
I am a serpent - a poisonous serpent!
Ego serpens sum - serpens venenósus!
Ecce: hóminem vídeo.
Look: I see a person!
Ecce: hóminem vídeo.
Homo adpróperat ad me, sed me non videt.
The person is approaching me, but he does not see me.
Homo adpróperat ad me, sed me non videt.
Homo me premit!
The person is stepping on me!
Homo me premit!
Homo me premit cálcibus!
The person is stepping on me with his feet!
Homo me premit cálcibus!
Mórdeo!!!!
I bite!!!!!!
Mórdeo!!!!
HOMO: Quid est?
HOMO:  What is that?
HOMO: Quid est?
Quid me mordet? ME DOLET!
What is biting me? IT HURTS!
Quid me mordet? ME DOLET!
ANGUIS: Homo me premit, et eum mórdeo!
ANGUIS:  The man steps on me, but I bite him!
ANGUIS: Homo me premit, et eum mórdeo!
AUCEPS: Exanimátus sum!
AUCEPS:  I have been killed!
AUCEPS: Exanimátus sum!
Miser sum, quod anguis me mordet.
Woe is me, because a snake is biting me.
Miser sum, quod anguis me mordet.
Dispéreo!
I am perishing!
Dispéreo!
Álteri insídior, sed ego ipse dispéreo.
I lay my trap for  another, but I myself perish.
Álteri insídior, sed ego ipse dispéreo.
ANGUIS: Palúmbi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
ANGUIS:  The bird catcher lays a trap for the dove, but he himself perishes.
ANGUIS: Palúmbi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
PALÚMBES: Mihi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
PALÚMBES:  The bird-catcher lays a trap for me, but  he himself perishes.
PALÚMBES: Mihi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
Álteri qui insidiátur, ipse dísperit.
Someone who lays a trap for another is the one who perishes.
Álteri qui insidiátur, ipse dísperit.
http://LatinViaFables.com

Auceps,  Palumbes, et Anguis: Repetite!
Auceps, Palumbes, et Anguis
___, ___, ___ ___
Auceps, Palumbes, et Anguis
(LatinViaFables.com)
AUCEPS: Ego auceps sum.
AUCEPS: ___ ___ ___.
AUCEPS: Ego auceps sum.
Ego aves cápio!
___ ___ ___!
Ego aves cápio!
Foras eo, ut aves cápiam.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Foras eo, ut aves cápiam.
Quid vídeo?
___ ___?
Quid vídeo?
Árborem vídeo.
___ ___.
Árborem vídeo.
Arbor altíssima est.
___ ___ ___.
Arbor altíssima est.
Quid in árbore altíssima vídeo?
___ ___ ___ ___ ___?
Quid in árbore altíssima vídeo?
Ecce: palúmbem in árbore vídeo!
___: ___ ___ ___ ___!
Ecce: palúmbem in árbore vídeo!
PALÚMBES: Ego palúmbes sum.
PALÚMBES:  ___ ___ ___.
PALÚMBES: Ego palúmbes sum.
Ego avis mitis sum.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Ego avis mitis sum.
Hic in árbore altíssima nidum hábeo.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Hic in árbore altíssima nidum hábeo.
Quid procul vídeo?
___ ___ ___?
Quid procul vídeo?
Hóminem vídeo.
___ ___.
Hóminem vídeo.
Homo procul est.
___ ___ ___.
Homo procul est.
Quod homo procul est, non me distúrbat.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Quod homo procul est, non me distúrbat.
Hic in árbore mea máneo.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Hic in árbore mea máneo.
AUCEPS: Palúmbem in árbore vídeo.
AUCEPS:  ___ ___ ___ ___.
AUCEPS: Palúmbem in árbore vídeo.
Procul est, et arbor altíssima, sed volo palúmbem cápere!
___ ___, ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Procul est, et arbor altíssima, sed volo palúmbem cápere!
Ego adprópero et insídias mólior.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Ego adprópero et insídias mólior.
ANGUIS: Ego anguis sum.
ANGUIS:  ___ ___ ___ ___.
ANGUIS: Ego anguis sum.
Ego serpens sum - serpens venenósus!
___ ___ ___ - ___ ___!
Ego serpens sum - serpens venenósus!
Ecce: hóminem vídeo.
___: ___ ___.
Ecce: hóminem vídeo.
Homo adpróperat ad me, sed me non videt.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Homo adpróperat ad me, sed me non videt.
Homo me premit!
___ ___ ___!
Homo me premit!
Homo me premit cálcibus!
___ ___ ___ ___!
Homo me premit cálcibus!
Mórdeo!!!!
___!!!!!
Mórdeo!!!!
HOMO: Quid est?
HOMO:  ___ ___?
HOMO: Quid est?
Quid me mordet? ME DOLET!
___ ___ ___? ___ ___!
Quid me mordet? ME DOLET!
ANGUIS: Homo me premit, et eum mórdeo!
ANGUIS:  ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___!
ANGUIS: Homo me premit, et eum mórdeo!
AUCEPS: Exanimátus sum!
AUCEPS:  ___ ___!
AUCEPS: Exanimátus sum!
Miser sum, quod anguis me mordet.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Miser sum, quod anguis me mordet.
Dispéreo!
___!
Dispéreo!
Álteri insídior, sed ego ipse dispéreo.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Álteri insídior, sed ego ipse dispéreo.
ANGUIS: Palúmbi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
ANGUIS:  ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
ANGUIS: Palúmbi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
PALÚMBES: Mihi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
PALÚMBES:  ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
PALÚMBES: Mihi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
Álteri qui insidiátur, ipse dísperit.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Álteri qui insidiátur, ipse dísperit.
http://LatinViaFables.com

Canis et Lupus (macrons)
Canis et Lupus
Ecce Lupus!
Ecce silva!
Lupus domum habet in silvā.
Lupus in silvā cibum quaerit.
Non multum cibum invenit.
Lupus macer est.
Quam macer Lupus est!
Ecce Canis!
Canis domum habet in urbe.
Canis Dominō servit.
Dominus cibum Canī dat.
Dominus multum cibum Canī dat.
Canis pinguis est.
Quam pinguis Canis est!
Canis Lupō occurrit.
CANIS: "Salvē, amīce!"
LUPUS: "Salvē, amīce!"
LUPUS: "Mīrātus sum: quam pinguis es tū!"
LUPUS: "Cibum semper quaerō, sed saepe nōn inveniō."
LUPUS: "Unde tantum cibum habēs tū?"
CANIS: "Dominus meus cibum mihi dat."
CANIS: "Cibum mihi dat dē mensā suā!"
LUPUS: "Sed videō in collō tuō cicātrīcēs."
LUPUS: "Unde cicātrīcēs in collī habēs?"
CANIS: "Mī amīce, hōc nihil est."
CANIS: "Interdum mē alligant catēnā."
CANIS: "Catēna cicātrīcēs mihi in collō facit."
LUPUS: "Quam miser es tū, Canis!"
LUPUS: "Cibum habēs."
LUPUS: "Sed cibus servitūtis est."
LUPUS: "Valē, mī amīce!"
LUPUS: "Volō vīvere in lībertāte, nōn in servitūte."
Vocabula:
Aesopus.PBWorks.com/1

Cervus et Cornua Eius (macrons)
Cervus et Cornua Eius
Ecce Cervus!
Cervus cornua habet.
Cervī cornua māgna sunt.
Cervus crūra habet, sed māgna non sunt.
Cervī crūra tenuissima sunt.
Cervus sitiēns ad fontem venit, ut bibat.
Dum bibit, Cervus imāginem suam spectat in aquīs.
Cervus cornua sua laudat.
"Quam pulchra sunt mea cornua!"
"Māgna sunt mea cornua, et mīrifica."
Cervus crūra sua damnat.
"Quam indīgna sunt mea crūra!"
"Tenuissima sunt mea crūra, et turpia."
Dum Cervus sē spectat, vēnātor appropinquat.
Cervus audit canēs lātrantēs.
Cervus perterritus est.
Cervus celerrimē fugit!
Quam vēlōx Cervus est!
Vēnātor cum canibus Cervum petit.
Per campum Cervus canibus praecurrit.
Sic Cervus ēvādit et currit in silvam.
Sed inter arborēs silvae, Cervī cornua haerent.
Cornua Cervum dētinent, ut currere nōn possit.
Profectō canēs Cervum apprehendunt.
Cervus moribundus  clāmat:
"Mē miserum!"
"Quam stultus eram!"
"Damnāvī crūra, sed ecce: crūra mihi ūtilissima erant."
"Laudāvī cornua, sed ecce: cornua mē perdunt."
"Nimis sērō errōrem intellegō."
Fābula docet:
Laudāte nōn pulchrum, sed ūtile.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/4

City
City by the water.
Small city by the water.
People live in cities.
Lots of people live in the city.
City at night.
Small city.
Big city.
This is a busy city street.
Some cities have parks.
Snow in the park.
Park with playground.
A park in the city.
Do you like to go to the park?
Park.
Some parks have playgrounds.
Children play in the park.

Inclined Planes
Inclined planes are simple machines. They make it easier to move things up or down.
The skate park has many inclined planes.
This ramp is an inclined plane. It makes it easier to walk into our classroom.
The ramp into the art room is made from three inclined planes.
A ladder is an inclined plane.
Stairs make it easier to move up and down. They are an inclined plane, too.
This ramp makes it easier to put cattle on or off a truck.
We use inclined planes every day.
How many inclined planes do you have at your house?

Bearded Dragon Man
Cool!
Ugly!
You're fat!
Do not look at me, man!
Nice moves!
You're cute!

Soccer
Kick that ball or you are going to lose!
He kicked the ball hard!
Go girl!
He will make the goal!
Hit the ball with your head.

Hannah Montana
I like Hannah Montana!
She can sing.
I like Hannah Montana!
She can dance.
I like Hannah Montana!
She can act.
I like Hannah Montana!

Fibulus et Gigas
ecce Fibulus.
Fibulus prope villam magnam stat.
villa ianuam magnam habet.
Fibulus ianuam aperit et intrat.
mox Fibulus in atrio stat.
Fibulus circumspectat.
gigas quoque est in atrio.
gigas Fibulum intente spectat.
gigas est magnus et fortis.
gigas fustem tenet.
'quis es tu?' gigas clamat.
'ego sum Fibulus', Fibulus respondet.
'ego multam pecuniam habeo', inquit gigas. 'tu pecuniam quaeris?'
'ego pecuniam non quaero', Fibulus clamat.
'ego sum probus.'
Fibulus fustem videt.
Fibulus est perterritus.
gigas Fibulum petit.
sed Fibulus est tonsor. tonsor novaculam habet.
Fibulus gigantem secat!
ecce! multus sanguis fluit.
Fibulus e villa currit.
finis.

Feles in Puellam Mutata (macrons)
Fēlēs in Puellam Mūtāta
Ecce Fēlēs!
Ecce Puer!
Puer Fēlem amat.
Ecce Venus, amōris Dea.
Puer ōrat Venerem:
"Ō Dea, mūtā Fēlem in Puellam!"
Venus adnuit.
Venus Fēlem mūtat ...
... in Puellam.
Fēlēs nunc habet Puellae fōrmam.
Pulchra est!
Puer gaudet, quod Puellam amat.
Puer Puellam domum dūcit.
Venus dubia est, et dīcit:
"Certē habet Puellae fōrmam."
"Sed Puellae nātūram habet, an Fēlis?"
"Certē habet Puellae fáciem."
"Sed Puellae mentem habet, an Fēlis?"
Venus experīmentum agit.
Venus experīmentum agit per Mūrem.
Puella Mūrem spectat.
Puella currit!
Puella Mūrem captat.
Venus īrāta est, et dīcit:
"Puellae speciēs mē dēcipit!"
"Habet Fēlis nātūram, nōn Puellae!"
Ergō Venus Puellam mūtat ...
... in Fēlem.
Fēlēs Mūrem dēvorat.
Fēlēs gaudet, quod Mūrem dēvorat.
Puer lacrimat, quod Puellam nōn habet.
Venus rīdet,  quod Dea dūra est.
Fābula docet:
Mentem spectā...
... non faciem.
Speciēs dēcipit!
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/3

Formica et Cicada (macrons)
Formīca et Cicāda
Ecce Formīca!
Formīca negōtiōsa est, et prūdēns.
In aestāte, Formīca labōrat...
... colligens frūmentum.
Collectum frūmentum trahit...
... in cavernam suam.
Cibum repōnit in aestāte...
...ut comedat in hieme.
Ecce Cicāda!
Cicāda ōtiōsa est, et imprūdēns.
In aestāte, Cicāda cantat...
... et nōn labōrat.
Sed mox tempus hiemis advenit...
... cum māgnō frīgore.
Formīca in cavernā suā  manet...
...comedēns cibum suum.
Sed Cicāda cibum nōn habet.
Auxilium quaerēns, Cicāda venit...
... ad Formīcae iānuam.
Famēlica Cicāda clāmat:
"Ō Formīca, tē implōrō...
... dā mihi cibum!"
"Cōpiam habēs tū, et ego nihil."
"Fame iam moritūra sum!"
Sed Formīca Cicādam interrogat:
"Ego tōta aestāte labōrābam...
... colligens frūmentum.
"Dum ego sīc labōrābam, quid agēbās tū?"
Cicāda respondet:
"Per flōrēs errābam...
... et per grāmina."
"Carmina cantābam omnibus, grātīs."
"Hōc erat mihi opus aestīvum."
Formīca rīdet et iānuam claudit:
"Sī aestāte cantābās...
... hieme nunc saltā!"
Fābula docet:
Sine labōre...
...nōn erit pānis in ōre.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Gallus et Gemma (macrons)
Gallus et Gemma
Ecce Gallus!
Gallus famēlicus est.
Ecce stercus!
Gallus in stercore ēscam quaerit.
Quid Gallus comedit?
Gallus trīticī grāna comedit.
Gallus hordei grāna comedit.
Gallus etiam vermēs comedit.
Ex imprōvīsō...
...dum ēscam quaerit...
...Gallus gemmam in stercore invenit.
Gemma rēs rāra est!
Gemma res pulchra est!
Gemma res pretiōsa est!
Sed Gallō gemma nōn placet.
Gallus frūstrātus est...
... et dīcit:
"Gemma mihi nōn placet!"
"Gemma mihi nōn prōdest!"
"Ēscam quaerō...
...nōn gemmās!"
"Gemmās comedere nōn possum."
"Ō gemma, misera es...
... quod in stercore iacēs."
"Ego quoque miser sum...
... quod ēscam nōn habeō."
"Ūnum grānum ēscae melius mihi est...
... quam omnēs gemmae pretiōsae."
"Ergō: hanc gemmam pretiōsam frūstrā invēnī."
Fābula docet:
Cuique suum.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/5

Haedus et Lupus (macrons)
Haedus et Lupus
Ecce Capella!
Ecce Haedus!
Haedus parvulus est.
Capella est māter; Haedus est fīlius.
Ecce prātum!
In prātō Capella cibum quaerit.
Capella fīlium domī relinquit sōlum.
Haedus parvulus est, et īgnārus.
Capella Haedulum monet:
"Haedule mī, cavē Lupum!"
Māter fīliō praeceptum dat:
"Nōlī aperīre portam Lupō!"
Māter abit.
Dum Māter abit, Lupus latet!
Nunc Haedus domī remanet sōlus.
Lupus portam pulsat.
Lupus mātris vōcem simulat.
"Fīlī mī, portam aperī!"
"Ego sum māter tua."
Lupus bene simulat Capellae vōcem.
Haedus mātris vōcem audit, sed cautus est!
Haedus per rīmulam spectat.
Haedus Lupum videt!
Haedus mātris praecepto oboedit.
"Tibi portam non aperiō!"
Haedus dīcit vēritātem:
"Lupum videō, nōn mātrem."
Haedus dēmōnstrat sapientiam:
"Tū vīs mē dēvorāre!"
Vēritāte et sapientia, Haedus Lupum repellit.
"Abī nunc, Lupe!"
Lupus repulsus abit!
Haedus salvus est.
Māter et fīlius fēlīcēs sunt!
Fābula docet: Cavē Lupum!
Bonum est oboedīre pārentum praeceptis.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/2

Lupus et Grus (macrons)
Lupus et Grūs
Ecce lupus!
Lupus animal saevum est, et vorāx.
Dum Lupus avidē cēnat,
os gluttit.
Os in gutture Lupī haeret et eum ferē strangulat.
Lupus graviter dolet, et clāmat: "Adiuvā mē!"
Sed animalia omnia Lupum odiō habent et iuvāre nōlunt.
Deinde Lupus Gruem animadvertit.
Grūs longum collum habet...
... et longum rōstrum.
Dolōre gemēns, Lupus Gruī dīcit:
"Ō Grūs, praemium tibi prōmittō, sī mē adiuvās!"
Crēdula Grūs...
...caput suum...
...in guttur Lupī...
immittit.
Collum suum extendit...
...et rōstrō suō...
...ē Lupī gutture...
...os extrahit.
Grūs ergō praemium postulat...
... sed Lupus nihil eī dat.
Lupus subrīdet,  dentēs revēlāns, et dīcit Gruī:
"Quam stulta es tū, et rīdicula!"
"Caput tuum in ōre meō fuit...
... et tibi vīvere permīsī."
"Hōc, Ō stulta, satis praemiī est tibi."
Fābula docet:
Cavē lupum! Perīculōsum est malōs adiuvāre.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/6

Cornix et Urna (macrons)
Cornīx et Urna
Ecce Cornīx!
Cornīx sitibunda est et bibere vult.
Ecce urna!
Cornīx urnam invenit.
In urnae fundō est aqua.
Sed urna alta est, et aqua brevis.
Quod urna alta est, et aqua brevis, Cornīx bibere nōn potest.
Cornīx cōgitat: "Vīribus meīs, urnam ēvertam!"
Cornīx ālīs verberat...
... et fortiter ad urnam advolat.
Sed urna firmiter stat et nōn movētur.
Cornīx iterum cōgitat:
"In urnā est aqua, et bibere volō."
"Sed urna firmiter stat, et ēvertere nōn possum."
"Quid ergō faciam?"
Cornīx diū cōgitat, deinde clāmat:
"Eurēka! Cōnsilium habeō!"
"Prope urnam calculī sunt."
"Calculōs legam...
... et in urnam mittam!"
"Sīc aquam levābō...
... et bibere poterō!"
Ergō: Cornīx rōstrō calculōs legit.
Calculōs in urnam mittit...
... et sīc aquam levat.
Hōc modō ingeniōso...
... Cornīx fēliciter bibit.
Fābula docet:
Ingenium plūs valet quam vīrēs.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/8

Rusticus et Hercules (macrons)
Rūsticus et Herculēs
Ecce Rūsticus!
Rūsticus currum habet.
Ecce lutum!
In viā est lutum profundum.
In viā lutōsā, Rūsticī currus omnīnō haeret.
Rūsticus valdē frūstrātus est!
In lutum subsidit...
... et Deum implōrat:
"Ō Herculēs, tē implōrō: audī mea vōta!
"Propitius adiuvā mē...
... quod currus meus in lutō haeret!"
Dē caelō...
... Herculēs omnia videt.
Currum in lutō videt...
... et rūsticum pigrum.
Deus intonat:
"Nunc surge, Ō piger, et agitā equum!"
"Currum impelle viribus tuīs!"
"Admovē manūs - tum dēmum Herculēs tibi propitius erit."
Fābula docet:
Otiōsa vōta Deus nōn audit.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/9

Taurus et Mus (macrons)
Taurus et Mūs
Taurus ...
... humī ...
strātus est.
Mūs ...
... forte ...
Tauri crūra momordit.
Taurus ruit...
... et petit hostem suum ...
... cornibus.
Sed cornua vibrat frūstrā!
Mūrem...
Taurus cernere nōn potest...
... quod herba dēnsa...
... Mūrem tegit.
Sīc salvus, Mūs Taurō dīcit:
"Nē parvula spernās!"
"Ego, quī sum parvulus Mūs...
tē impūnē lacessō, quamvīs grandis sīs."
"Tū māximus...
... ā mē, minimō...
... laesus es."
Fābula docet:
Quamvīs Taurus sīs,
cavē parvulum Mūrem!
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/10

Puer Mendax et Lupus (macrons)
Puer Mendāx et Lupus
Ecce agricola!
Ecce agricolae!
Ecce ager!
Agricolae in agrō labōrant.
Ecce ovis!
Ecce ovēs!
Ecce puer!
Puer ovem custōdit.
Puer ovēs custōdit.
Sōl calidus est.
Sōl in caelō aestuat!
Ovēs custōdīre puerum taedet.
Puer nōlit labōrāre. Vult iocāre!
Puer mendāx clāmat: "Lupus adest!"
"Adiuvāte mē! Lupus adest!
 Accurrite!"
Agricolae audiunt.
Ad puerum accurrunt.
Sed lupus non est. Ovēs salvae sunt.
Puer mendāx rīdet.
Dīcit: "Iocus est!"
Sed agricolae non rīdent. Īrātī sunt!
Dēnuō puer mendāx ovēs custōdit.
Dēnuō ovēs custōdīre taedet.
Dēnuō iocāre vult.
Dēnuō mendāx clāmat: "Lupus adest! Adiuvāte mē!"
Dēnuō agricolae audiunt...
... et accurrunt.
Dēnuō puer mendāx rīdet...
... et dīcit: "Iocus est."
Dēnuō agricolae īrātī sunt...
... et puerum relinquunt sōlum.
Sed nunc... lupus vērē adest!
Puer vērē clamat!
"O agricolae, adiuvāte mē! Accurrite citō!"
"Lupus vērē adest!"
Agricolae audiunt, sed non crēdunt.
Dum puer spectat, lupus ovem petit.
Lupus ovem rapit.
Lupus ovem comedit!
Miser puer mendāx!
Fābula docet:
Cave vērē lupum...
... et nōlī mendāx esse!

Going to Grandma's
In the car with Chloe to Grandma's house.
At Grandma's, I will be playing with Chloe.
I hope to eat good snacks.
I love Grandma.
I hope me and Grandma
do crafts together.
I want to blow bubbles with Grandma.

Puer Mendax et Lupus (tempore praeterito)
Puer Mendax et Lupus
Ecce agricola!
Ecce agricolae!
Ecce ager!
Agricolae in agro laborant.
Ecce ovis!
Ecce oves!
Ecce puer!
Puer ovem custodiebat.
Puer oves custodiebat.
Sol calidus erat.
Sol in caelo aestuabat!
Oves custodire puerum taesum est.
Puer noluit laborare. Voluit iocare!
Puer mendax clamavit: "Lupus adest!"
"Adiuvate me! Lupus adest!
 Accurrite!"
Agricolae audiverunt.
Ad puerum accurrerunt.
Sed lupus non erat. Oves salvae erant.
Puer mendax ridebat.
Dixit: "Iocus est!"
Sed agricolae non ridebant. Irati sunt!
Denuo puer mendax oves custodiebat.
Denuo oves custodire taesum est.
Denuo iocare voluit.
Denuo mendax clamavit: "Lupus adest! Adiuvate me!"
Denuo agricolae audiverunt...
... et accurrerunt.
Denuo puer mendax risit...
... et dixit: "Iocus est."
Denuo agricolae irati sunt...
... et puerum reliquerunt solum.
Sed nunc... lupus vere affuit!
Puer vere clamavit!
"O agricolae, adiuvate me! Accurrite cito!"
"Lupus vere adest!"
Agricolae audiebant, sed non credebant.
Dum puer spectabat, lupus ovem petivit.
Lupus ovem rapuit.
Lupus ovem comedit!
Miser fuit puer mendax!
Fabula docuit:
Cave vere lupum...
... et noli mendax esse!

Puer Mendax et Lupus (oratio obliqua)
Puer Mendax et Lupus
Ecce agricola!
Ecce agricolae!
Ecce ager!
Agricolae in agro laborant.
Ecce ovis!
Ecce oves!
Ecce puer!
Puer ovem custodit.
Puer oves custodit.
Sol calidus est.
Sol in caelo aestuat!
Oves custodire puerum taedet.
Puer nolit laborare. Vult iocare!
Puer mendax clamat lupus adesse.
Puer mendax clamat ut agricolae accurrant et se adiuvent.
Agricolae audiunt.
Ad puerum accurrunt.
Sed lupus non est. Oves salvae sunt.
Puer mendax ridet.
Dicit iocum esse.
Sed agricolae non rident. Irati sunt!
Denuo puer mendax oves custodit.
Denuo oves custodire taedet.
Denuo iocare vult.
Denuo mendax clamat lupum adesse, ut agricolae se adiuvent.
Denuo agricolae audiunt...
... et accurrunt.
Denuo puer mendax ridet...
... et dicit iocum esse.
Denuo agricolae irati sunt...
... et puerum relinquunt solum.
Sed nunc... lupus vere adest!
Puer vere clamat!
Agricolis clamat ut accurrant et se adiuvent.
Lupum vere adesse clamat.
Agricolae audiunt, sed non credunt.
Dum puer spectat, lupus ovem petit.
Lupus ovem rapit.
Lupus ovem comedit!
Miser puer mendax!
Fabula docet:
Cave vere lupum...
... et noli mendax esse!

Puer Mendax et Lupus: The Lying Boy and The Wolf
Puer Mendax et Lupus
The Lying Boy and The Wolf
Puer Mendax et Lupus
Ecce agricola!
This is a farmer.
Ecce agricola!
Ecce agricolae!
These are farmers.
Ecce agricolae!
Ecce ager!
This is a field.
Ecce ager!
Agricolae in agro laborant.
The farmers are working in the field.
Agricolae in agro laborant.
Ecce ovis!
This is a sheep.
Ecce ovis!
Ecce oves!
These are sheep.
Ecce oves!
Ecce puer!
This is a boy.
Ecce puer!
Puer ovem custodit.
The boy is guarding a sheep.
Puer ovem custodit.
Puer oves custodit.
The boy is guarding the sheep.
Puer oves custodit.
Sol calidus est.
The sun is hot.
Sol calidus est.
Sol in caelo aestuat!
The sun is blazing in the sky.
Sol in caelo aestuat!
Oves custodire puerum taedet.
The boy is bored guarding the sheep.
Oves custodire puerum taedet.
Puer nolit laborare. Vult iocare!
The boy does not want to work. He wants to play!
Puer nolit laborare. Vult iocare!
Puer mendax clamat: "Lupus adest!"
The lying boy shouts: "There's a wolf!"
Puer mendax clamat: "Lupus adest!"
"Adiuvate me! Lupus adest!
 Accurrite!"
"Help me! There's a wolf! Come here!"
"Adiuvate me! Lupus adest!
 Accurrite!"
Agricolae audiunt.
The farmers hear.
Agricolae audiunt.
Ad puerum accurrunt.
They run to the boy.
Ad puerum accurrunt.
Sed lupus non est. Oves salvae sunt.
But there is no wolf. The sheep are safe.
Sed lupus non est. Oves salvae sunt.
Puer mendax ridet.
The lying boy laughs.
Puer mendax ridet.
Dicit: "Iocus est!"
He says: "It's a joke."
Dicit: "Iocus est!"
Sed agricolae non rident. Irati sunt!
But the farmers are not laughing. They are angry!
Sed agricolae non rident. Irati sunt!
Denuo puer mendax oves custodit.
Once again, the lying boy guards the sheep.
Denuo puer mendax oves custodit.
Denuo oves custodire taedet.
Once again, he gets bored guarding the sheep.
Denuo oves custodire taedet.
Denuo iocare vult.
Once again, he wants to play.
Denuo iocare vult.
Denuo mendax clamat: "Lupus adest! Adiuvate me!"
Once again the liar shouts: "There's a wolf! Help me!"
Denuo mendax clamat: "Lupus adest! Adiuvate me!"
Denuo agricolae audiunt...
Once again the farmers hear him...
Denuo agricolae audiunt...
... et accurrunt.
... and come running.
... et accurrunt.
Denuo puer mendax ridet...
Once again the lying boy laughs...
Denuo puer mendax ridet...
... et dicit: "Iocus est."
... and says: "It's a joke."
... et dicit: "Iocus est."
Denuo agricolae irati sunt...
Once again the farmers are angry...
Denuo agricolae irati sunt...
... et puerum relinquunt solum.
... and they leave the boy alone.
... et puerum relinquunt solum.
Sed nunc... lupus vere adest!
But now... there really is a wolf!
Sed nunc... lupus vere adest!
Puer vere clamat!
The boy shouts for real!
Puer vere clamat!
"O agricolae, adiuvate me! Accurrite cito!"
"Farmers, help me! Come quickly!"
"O agricolae, adiuvate me! Accurrite cito!"
"Lupus vere adest!"
"There really is a wolf!"
"Lupus vere adest!"
Agricolae audiunt, sed non credunt.
The farmers hear him, but they don't believe it.
Agricolae audiunt, sed non credunt.
Dum puer spectat, lupus ovem petit.
While the boy is watching, the wolf goes for a sheep.
Dum puer spectat, lupus ovem petit.
Lupus ovem rapit.
The wolf grabs the sheep.
Lupus ovem rapit.
Lupus ovem comedit!
The wolf eats the sheep!
Lupus ovem comedit!
Miser puer mendax!
The lying boy is in big trouble.
Miser puer mendax!
Fabula docet:
The moral of the story:
Fabula docet:
Cave vere lupum...
You really need to watch out for the wolf...
Cave vere lupum...
... et noli mendax esse!
... and don't be a liar.
... et noli mendax esse!

Puer Mendax et Lupus: Repetite!
Puer Mendax et Lupus
___ ___ ___ ___
Puer Mendax et Lupus
Ecce agricola!
___ ___!
Ecce agricola!
Ecce agricolae!
___ ___!
Ecce agricolae!
Ecce ager!
___ ___!
Ecce ager!
Agricolae in agro laborant.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Agricolae in agro laborant.
Ecce ovis!
___ ___!
Ecce ovis!
Ecce oves!
___ ___!
Ecce oves!
Ecce puer!
___ ___!
Ecce puer!
Puer ovem custodit.
___ ___ ___.
Puer ovem custodit.
Puer oves custodit.
___ ___ ___.
Puer oves custodit.
Sol calidus est.
___ ___ ___.
Sol calidus est.
Sol in caelo aestuat!
___ ___ ___ ___.
Sol in caelo aestuat!
Oves custodire puerum taedet.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Oves custodire puerum taedet.
Puer nolit laborare. Vult iocare!
___ ___ ___.  ___ ___!
Puer nolit laborare. Vult iocare!
Puer mendax clamat: "Lupus adest!"
___ ___ ___: "___ ___!"
Puer mendax clamat: "Lupus adest!"
"Adiuvate me! Lupus adest!
 Accurrite!"
"___ ___! ___ ___! ___!"
"Adiuvate me! Lupus adest!
 Accurrite!"
Agricolae audiunt.
___ ___.
Agricolae audiunt.
Ad puerum accurrunt.
___ ___ ___.
Ad puerum accurrunt.
Sed lupus non est. Oves salvae sunt.
___ ___ ___ ___. ___ ___ ___.
Sed lupus non est. Oves salvae sunt.
Puer mendax ridet.
___ ___ ___.
Puer mendax ridet.
Dicit: "Iocus est!"
___: "___ ___!"
Dicit: "Iocus est!"
Sed agricolae non rident. Irati sunt!
___ ___ ___ ___. ___ ___!
Sed agricolae non rident. Irati sunt!
Denuo puer mendax oves custodit.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Denuo puer mendax oves custodit.
Denuo oves custodire taedet.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Denuo oves custodire taedet.
Denuo iocare vult.
___ ___ ___.
Denuo iocare vult.
Denuo mendax clamat: "Lupus adest! Adiuvate me!"
___ ___ ___: "___ ___! ___ ___!
Denuo mendax clamat: "Lupus adest! Adiuvate me!"
Denuo agricolae audiunt...
___ ___ ___...
Denuo agricolae audiunt...
... et accurrunt.
...  ___ ___.
... et accurrunt.
Denuo puer mendax ridet...
___ ___ ___ ___...
Denuo puer mendax ridet...
... et dicit: "Iocus est."
... ___ ___: "___ ___."
... et dicit: "Iocus est."
Denuo agricolae irati sunt...
___ ___ ___ ___...
Denuo agricolae irati sunt...
... et puerum relinquunt solum.
... ___ ___ ___ ___.
... et puerum relinquunt solum.
Sed nunc... lupus vere adest!
___ ___... ___ ___ ___!
Sed nunc... lupus vere adest!
Puer vere clamat!
___ ___ ___!
Puer vere clamat!
"O agricolae, adiuvate me! Accurrite cito!"
"___ ___, ___ ___! ___ ___!"
"O agricolae, adiuvate me! Accurrite cito!"
"Lupus vere adest!"
"___ ___ ___!"
"Lupus vere adest!"
Agricolae audiunt, sed non credunt.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Agricolae audiunt, sed non credunt.
Dum puer spectat, lupus ovem petit.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Dum puer spectat, lupus ovem petit.
Lupus ovem rapit.
___ ___ ___.
Lupus ovem rapit.
Lupus ovem comedit!
___ ___ ___!
Lupus ovem comedit!
Miser puer mendax!
___ ___ ___!
Miser puer mendax!
Fabula docet:
___ ___:
Fabula docet:
Cave vere lupum...
___ ___ ___...
Cave vere lupum...
... et noli mendax esse!
...  ___ ___ ___ ___!
... et noli mendax esse!

Puer Mendax et Lupus
Puer Mendax et Lupus
Ecce agricola!
Ecce agricolae!
Ecce ager!
Agricolae in agro laborant.
Ecce ovis!
Ecce oves!
Ecce puer!
Puer ovem custodit.
Puer oves custodit.
Sol calidus est.
Sol in caelo aestuat!
Oves custodire puerum taedet.
Puer nolit laborare. Vult iocare!
Puer mendax clamat: "Lupus adest!"
"Adiuvate me! Lupus adest!
 Accurrite!"
Agricolae audiunt.
Ad puerum accurrunt.
Sed lupus non est. Oves salvae sunt.
Puer mendax ridet.
Dicit: "Iocus est!"
Sed agricolae non rident. Irati sunt!
Denuo puer mendax oves custodit.
Denuo oves custodire taedet.
Denuo iocare vult.
Denuo mendax clamat: "Lupus adest! Adiuvate me!"
Denuo agricolae audiunt...
... et accurrunt.
Denuo puer mendax ridet...
... et dicit: "Iocus est."
Denuo agricolae irati sunt...
... et puerum relinquunt solum.
Sed nunc... lupus vere adest!
Puer vere clamat!
"O agricolae, adiuvate me! Accurrite cito!"
"Lupus vere adest!"
Agricolae audiunt, sed non credunt.
Dum puer spectat, lupus ovem petit.
Lupus ovem rapit.
Lupus ovem comedit!
Miser puer mendax!
Fabula docet:
Cave vere lupum...
... et noli mendax esse!

President Taft
William Taft was the 27th   president.
William Taft liked to play tennis.
William Taft liked to dance.
William Taft was a huge man. William Taft was 6 feet 2 inches tall.
William Taft was governor of the Philippines.

Far Away
Chloe was no armchair traveller.
She loved to fly,
and see castles in Europe.
She loved to row,
and visit tropical islands.
She loved to catch trains,
and see strange things from the window.
She loved drifting in balloons,
and watching the sunset.
She loved to ride,
and stop for a picnic.
She loved to sit on a bus,
and read old books.
Chloe dreamed of going into space,
and visiting the moon far away.

What's There?
What's there?
The sound of Conner's steps echoed in the tunnel.
The sun was just beginning to rise.
Connor looked about him without emotion.
He walked quickly through the mist,
and into the country side.
Under a blue sky, Conner examined the crops.
In the city, he looked at the buildings.
In the park, Conner watched the birds.
He caught a bus to the snow and had fun.
That night Conner left,
so he could tell his community about what he had seen and done.

Snacks
We bring a snack to school.
Sometimes, we have goldfish.
Sometimes, the goldfish are plain.
Sometimes, the goldfish are different colors.
Sometimes, we have animal crackers.
Sometimes, we have round crackers.
Sometimes, we have square crackers.
The square crackers come in a package.
Sometimes, we have Veggie Booty.
Veggie Booty is colored green.
Sometimes, we have cookies.
Snacking is good.
What is your favorite snack?

Summer Fruits
Red strawberries are great on a hot, summer day.
Bananas are full of vitamins and nutrients.
Peaches are a sweet and tangy fruit.
Grapes are small and come on a vine in large bunches.
Cherries can be enjoyed plain, or on the top of a vanilla milkshake!
Oranges have plenty of Vitamin C.
Pineapples are hard to cut, but taste great!
Kiwis have lots of seeds and are very sour.
Blueberries can be sweet or tart... it depends on the ripeness.
Pears are a little mushy, but are very sweet and juicy.
Raspberries have little furs on the outside and are a little sour.
Put it all together and what do you get? A fantastic, flavorful fruit salad!

Animal Show
There were many animals at school.
We touched a snake.
The snake's skin felt smooth.
The snake sticks out its tongue.
The turtle had a hard shell.
We saw a little lizard.
The lizard was small and squirmy.
We saw a big rabbit.
The rabbit hopped away.
We saw a guinea pig.
The guinea pig was small and soft.
It was fun to see the animals at school.

Elmo and Cookie Monster's BIG Lunch
Elmo and all of his friends have been friends for a very long time.
They decided to go out for lunch.
Elmo had to go to the toilet because he was busting.
When Elmo and Cookie Monster finished their lunch, they paid the waiter. Cookie Monster went home and ate a cookie.
Elmo walked home along the street.

The Simpson Desert
Australia is the 2nd driest continent.
The Greta Dividing Range blocks rain from the ocean. This means the inland of Australia is very dry.
The Simpson Desert is hot and dry in the Northern Territory of Australia.
It is covered in sand dunes.
Claypans are in the desert.
Saltpans are also in the desert.
The wind blows the sand and dust, making dust storms.
Spinifex grows in the desert.
Marsupials and lizards live in the Spinifex.

Airplane
I will get there at 2:00. I get home at 10:00. But I will come back.
I need to pack up my suitcase.
I need to shower and dress.
I need 2 pairs of underwear, shorts, shirts and socks.  I also need pillows, blankets and a CD player.
Sabrina, I'm going to miss you.

Dolphins and Starfish
The starfish lives in the ocean.
The starfish lies on the rocks.
The starfish lies in the sand.
Dolphins swim in the ocean.
Dolphins swim under the water.
People swim with the dolphins.
Dolphins jump in the water.

Fish
The yellow fish has a circle mouth.
The clown fish swims by himself.
The orange fish lives in the  bowl.
The cat is looking at the fish in the bowl.
People sell fish in the market.
Watch out.  Don't drink the fish.

The Titanic
The Titanic was the biggest ship in the world.
The Titanic hit an iceberg and was damaged on the side.
The Titanic got split open in two and sunk into the ocean.
The Titanic lost 1,517 people that were on board.
The Titanic today is still at the bottom of the ocean.

Bouncing Basketball
I like basketball because it lets me move.
I like basketball because it helps me get better at basketball.
I like basketball because I like to make good points.
I like basketball because it's fun to do.
I like basketball because it helps me focus.
Basketball is my favorite sport!

River Springs Water Park
River Springs Water Park is a new water park in Owatonna.
River Springs Water Park has a huge, yellow water slide.
River Springs Water Park has a snack bar.
River Springs Water Park has a lazy river.
River Springs Water Park is a good place for friends to have fun.
Come to Owatonna's River Springs WaterPark and have fun!

PLURALS: feles in nive
Feles in nive ambulat.
Feles in nive ambulant.
Feles in nive sedet.
Fles videt felem alteram!!!
Feles nomine "Gingius" muscam capit.
Feles "Gingius" et feles "Fluffis' sedent.
Quattuor feles in via sedent.
FINIS!!!!

Mary Cairncross Rainforest Park
In the rainforest, the trees are very tall.
In the rainforest, the tall trees make it hard for the sun to get through, so it is cool.
In the rainforest, the paths are narrow.
In the rainforest, some trees get strangled by others.
In the rainforest, old trees begin to decay.
In the rainforest, trees fall over.
In the rainforest, there are many birds. The Whipbird makes a lovely sound.
If you are really quiet, you might get to see the Pademelons that live in the rainforest.

Seasons
Seasons
by
Annabelle
Spring is here!
Pink blossoms are everywhere.
The bees visit the flowers,
gathering sweet nectar to make honey.
At the bottom of the garden,
a robin lays her eggs.
Four pretty blue eggs lie in the straw.
In summer, the robin feeds her babies,
and teaches them to fly.
In autumn, the leaves change colour and fall.
The robins fly south to stay warm.
Winter is cold,
and the days  are short.
Everywhere there is frost and ice.
Slowly, a new spring returns,
and the warmth makes the trees blossom again.
Soon the robins will come back to the garden,
looking for a good place to nest.

Music Success!
Ben wanted to be a rock and roll star.
His band was called 'Legs'.
'Legs' hung out at Ben's house and practiced.
The music filled the neighborhood.
They were not happy!
The band kept practicing,
even when they felt down and things were hard.
Finally, one day they got a gig.
Neighbors and friends came to buy tickets.
The band took the stage.
Their
music filled the room,
and people started dancing and cheering.
The party lasted all night.
The next day the neighborhood was very quiet...
but not for long!

Sun, Surf and Friends
Sun, Surf and Friends
The sun came up, and I thought about the beach.
I left the house on my bike.
The sky turned blue and the wind blew hot.
At the beach, I threw my line in.
The surfers rode the waves.
Jen and Sal came down at lunch.
Jen surfed.
Sal had a turn.
It was time to pull in the lines,
and time to tackle the surf, too.
The waves were big and it was fun!
We had a great afternoon,
but all good days must end.
There's always tomorrow.

Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?
Brown Bear

by Annabelle
Brown Bear, brown bear,
what do you see?
I see a baby cat looking at me!
Brown bear, Brown bear, what do you see?
I see a pink bird looking at me!
Brown bear, brown bear, what do you see?
I see a dirty pig looking at me!
Brown bear, brown bear, what do you see?
I see a white dog looking at me!
Brown bear, brown bear, what do you see?
I see a blue frog looking at me!
Brown bear, brown bear, what do you see?
I see a black cow looking at me!
Brown bear, brown bear, what do you see?
Quiet now.  It is time to go to sleep.

Arthur's Story
Hello! My name is Arthur. Some people call me Artie.
I live in Taunton, Massachusetts.
I like to look at DVDs.
I have a really cool goatee.
I like mustard and ketchup on everything.
I do a great job working at Home Depot with Joyce.
I also work at Big Lots on Fridays.
I have an uncontrollable farting problem.

Camping
I like to go camping.
We find some sticks. We make a fire.
We kayak in the river.
We go fishing.

The Colors We Eat
The Colors We Eat
Juicy, red strawberries.
Red, ripe tomatoes.
Sweet, juicy oranges.
Big, orange pumpkins.
Yummy, yellow bananas.
Sour, yellow lemons.
Juicy, green lime.
Tart, green apples.
Beautiful blueberries.
Can you think of other blue food?
Delicious, purple grapes.
Fresh, purple eggplant.
Pink cotton candy.
Pink bubble gum.
Sweet, brown chocolate.
Fresh, brown eggs.
Bitter, black licorice.
Rainbow of candy.
Rainbow of fruit.
Rainbow of vegetables.
Rainbow of sprinkles.
Which one is your favorite?

The ABC Book
A is for apple.
B is for ball.
C is for cat.
D is for dog.
E is for elephant.
F is for frog.
G is for gorilla.
H is for hog.
I is for ice cream.
L is for log.
M is for mouse, much smaller than dog.
N is for noodles. Yummy to me.
O is for octopus who lives in the sea.
P is for parrot. Its colors so bright.
Q is for quilt. It keeps me warm at night.
R is for rabbit.
S is for snake.
T is for tarantula. Oh my, this is great!
U is for umbrellas.
V is for van.
W is for wagon.
Catch us if you can.
X is for x-ray.
Y is for yarn.
Z is for zebras in a zoo, not a barn.
We did it! We did it! A to Z.
Thank you for sharing the alphabet with me!

Baby Animals
This is a baby koala.
This is a baby elephant.
This is a puppy.
This is a kitten.
This is a joey.
This is a chick.
This is a baby zebra.
This is a foal.
This is a baby alligator.
This is a baby turtle.
This is a baby frog.
This is a baby mouse.
This is a baby giraffe.
This is a baby penguin.
This is a baby rhinoceros.
This is a baby, too.

About Cheese
Cheese is made out of milk.
I like a lot of cheese on my pizza.
Cheesecake is fun to eat on birthdays.
Mac and cheese has cheese and milk.
You can buy cheese from a grocery store.
I love cheese.

Tractors are Terrific
Terrific tractors are cool.
Terrific tractors are fun.
Terrific tractors are fantastic.
Terrific tractors can do amazing things.
Terrific tractors are green.
I was born to drive tractors!

Good, Bad Bella
Say hello to Bella. Bella is Ben's dog.
Ben gives Bella her toy. When you throw a toy, Bella will chase it.
Sometimes Bella needs a time-out. She will steal a shoe or get crazy during PT.
Bella's tail is pointing up. That means she is happy.
Treats make Bella happy. She is so excited.
Ben to the rescue with a treat.
Bella makes a mess when she eats. But, she will clean up every crumb.
Now she is really thirsty. Bella can be sloppy when she drinks!
As far as dogs go, Bella is the best dog ever!

Basketball Rocks
Basketball is fun.
In basketball, I shoot hoops.
In basketball, I dribble the ball.
In basketball, I pass the ball.
I like to make points!

Unique Horses
Unique Horses
A horse eats grass.
A horse has a soft, long mane.
A horse is in a herd.
A horse runs quickly.
A horse is a wonderful animal.
Horses are good animals to have on a farm.

Adam's Story
Hi, my name is Adam. I would like to tell you about myself.
I live near Boston.
I like to watch Disney Movies.
I like to listen to "Kidz Bop" CDs.
I like to listen to songs by Shania Twain.
I like to go to hockey games with my dad.
I am a fan of the little known cinematic classic, "Honey, I Shrunk Ourselves."
I like the "Beethoven" movies.

All About the Ocean
The ocean has big waves.
I make footprints in the sand.
Boats  sail in the  ocean.
I walk on the boardwalk.

All About Animals
Dogs are a lot of fun to have. You can play ball, fetch and cuddle with dogs.
Monkeys are funny.  They can swing from tree to tree with their tails.
Horse are unique animals, and they like to eat apples.
Jellyfish are dangerous animals, but they are cool to look at.
Cows give us milk, and they eat grass.
You can play fetch using a tennis ball with your dog. Then he gets really sleepy.
Bees make honey for us to eat.
Cats say meow!  They like to chase mice.
Fish like to swim.  They are good pets to have because they are easy to take care of.
Animals are fun to have!  What is your favorite animal?

Saying Hello
Sometimes we see people we know.
Sometimes we see people we don't know.
It's okay to say "Hello" to people we know.
It's not okay to say "Hello", give high fives, give knuckles or wave to people we don't know.
If you know, say "Hello."
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
If you know, say "Hello."
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
If you know, say "Hello."
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
If you know, say "Hello."
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
If you know, say "Hello."
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
If you know, say "Hello!"
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
If you know, say "Hello."
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
It's not okay to say "Hello", give high fives, give knuckles or wave to people we don't know.

Motorcycles
The man is riding on the motorcycle.
There were two wheels on the back of the motorcycle.
There are different kinds of motorcycles.
This motorcyle can go fast.
What kind of noise does a motorcycle make? Vroom!
You need to get  a  license to drive  a motorcycle.
They drive on the road.

Ocean Animals
In the ocean is the dolphin. The dolphin is a good swimmer.
In the ocean lives the sea lion. The sea lion is cute.
In the ocean lives a turtle. The turtle has a shell.
In the ocean lives a starfish.
In the ocean lives lots of fish.
In the ocean lives the octopus and the jelly fish.
In the ocean lives a whale. The whale is big.
In the ocean lives a shark.

The Hotel
I like to go to the hotel.
I put my suitcase on the luggage cart.  Then I go to my room.
I go up the elevator to go to my room.  I push the luggage cart in the elevator.
I like to watch TV in the hotel room.  I like Playhouse Disney.
I like to go to the restaurant and eat french fries.
The hotel has a swimming pool. I swim and play with friends.
I had my birthday party at the hotel.  The hotel was The Broadmoor. It was fun!

Hawaii
Let's go to Hawaii!
Hawaii is a group of islands.
In Hawaii, we will see a colorful boat.
In Hawaii, we will see a dolphin.
In Hawaii, we will see a sea turtle.
In Hawaii, we will see a sting ray.
In Hawaii, we will see beautiful flowers.
In Hawaii, we will see pineapples.
In Hawaii, we will see coconut trees.
In Hawaii, we will see hula dancers at a luau.
In Hawaii, we will see a surfer riding the waves.
In Hawaii, we will have fun!

The Aquarium
The aquarium has many different marine animals.
This is a big shark.
This sea turtle is swimming.
This manta ray is fast.
These seals are playing.
This is a school of fish.
This is a jellyfish.
This fish is orange.
The aquarium is a very colorful place!

Camping
I like to go 
camping.
I like hiking.
Friends in a tent.
I like rope courses.

Quō it?
Quō it fēmina?
Fēmina ad insulam it.
Unde fēmina venit?
Fēmina ab oppidō venit.
Quō it vir?
Vir Romam it.
Unde vir venit?
Vir ā villā magnā venit.
Quō eunt virī?
Virī ad hortum eunt.
Quō it discipulus?
Discipulus ad lūdum it.
Unde discipulus venit?
Discipulus ā villā antīquā venit.
Quō eunt?
Ad tabernās eunt.
Quō it puella?
Puella ad atrium it.
Unde puella venit?
Ā cubiculō venit.
Quō eunt hominēs?
Ad oppidum magnum eunt.

Sacculus Puellae
Puella sacculum suum habet.
Puer sacculum eius habet!
Is rīdet.
Ea nōn rīdet.
Is sacculum eius in mēnsā pōnit.
Ea sacculum suum nōn videt.
Puella magistrum suum vocat.
Puella puerum improbum accūsat.
Is sacculum eius nōn habet!
"Sacculus tuus in mēnsā est."
Puella puerum sacculō suō pulsat.

Going to the Ocean
I am going to the ocean.
There are big waves at the beach.
I like to play at the beach. I play in the ocean.
I ride in an airplane in the sky. We go across the clouds. You can see out the window. I like to ride in the airplane.
We will stay at my grandma's house. My dad, sister and mom will be there, too.

Pit Stop
My wife and I began a lovely trip.
We found ourselves in the Flint Hills of Kansas.
Kansas is a long state. This caught up with us.
We found an appropriate place to "rest."
The rest area had a nice path. My wife started out.
She encountered a snake the size of Topeka.
She gave an eerie shriek and danced wildly.
She was dismayed that I spent time examining the snake instead of calming her down.
After visiting the rest room again, we were gone.
We continued, hoping there were no giant snakes in New Mexico.

My Life With Cerebral Palsy
Cerebral Palsy is hard to live with.
I must use a wheelchair to get around.
My chair and I have to travel in special vans or buses.
I need to use a button to open doors.
We park our car in special spots that make it easier to unload my wheelchair.
This special balloon chair let's me go on a sandy beach.
I can race in this type of chair. Someday, I hope to win a race like this!

Water Play
Kids play in water.
Penguins play in water.
Birds play in water.
Fish play in water.
Tigers play in water.
Babies play in water.
Elephants play in water.
Bears play in water.
Dogs play in water.
I play in water.

Pretty
Cakes are pretty.
Butterflies are pretty.
Roses are pretty.
Princesses are pretty.
Emma is pretty.
Lady birds are pretty.
Pink is pretty.
Dresses are pretty.
I am pretty.

Bees
Bees make honey.
They take pollen from flowers.
Different types of flowers.
Purple ones.
Orange and yellow flowers.
Blue flowers.
Pink ones.
Sun flowers, too.
They take the pollen...
back to the hive.
The beekeeper uses smoke to move the bees,
so he can take the honey.
I love honey.

Everything Has Colour
I like colours.
Coloured lollies.
Coloured pencils.
Soft coloured balls.
Coloured flowers.
Coloured windows.
Coloured fish.
Coloured walls.
Coloured leaves.
Coloured smoke.
Bright coloured cup cakes.
Rainbow coloured ice-cream.
We love colours.

The Cold Book
The snowflake is cold and frosty.
The trees are cold and flaky.
The man is cold. He has snow in his hood.
The water is icy cold.

The Choice is Clear
Spring Hill is looking for a special teacher.
She will support her students as they change and grow.
She will allow her students to be themselves.
She will encourage and exemplify teamwork.
The picture may be blurry, but the choice is clear...
Susanna Cohen is that special teacher.

Dairy Queen, Please!
Mrs. Parker's ESY class wants to go to Dairy Queen.
Courtney likes red, white and blue popsicles.
Tommy likes hot fudge sundaes.
Dustin D. likes his ice cream in a cup.
Tiffany eats chocolate covered ice cream cones.
Clyde says, "I like cookie dough blizzards!"
"Mmmmmm," says Stephen. "Chocolate malts are my favorite!"
Marty likes brownie bowl sundaes.
Ruben's choice is the M&M blizzard.
Dustin S. will take a chocolate ice cream treat any time!
We'll use our best manners. Please, please may we go to Dairy Queen?

Watermelons!
Watermelons are green,
and yellow on the outside.
Watermelons are red on the inside.
Sometimes, watermelons can be yellow on the inside, too!
Watermelons have a white rind.
Watermelons have seeds.
Watermelons are juicy.
Summer is watermelon eating season.
Watermelons are yummy!!
Eat it!!
The End

Chocolate
Chocolate is fun to eat.
I love chocolate kisses.
I love chocolate cookies.
I love to eat chocolate M&Ms.
Chocolate cake is delicious.
Chocolate ice cream is cold.
I love to put chocolate on strawberries.
Chocolate bunnies are fun to eat at Easter time.
I have fun with the chocolate fountain.

Hominēs
Fēmina est.
Fēmina antīqua est.
Fēmina antīqua nōn est.
Duae fēminae sunt.
Fēminae antīquae nōn sunt.
Vir antīquus est.
Trēs virī antīquī nōn sunt.
Puer antīquus nōn est!

The Iowa State Fair
The Iowa State Fair happens every August at the fairgrounds in Des Moines, Iowa.
There are lots of fun things to do at the fair.
People ride carnival rides.
Some people listen to music concerts.
There are a lot of animals in the barns, including cows.
The baby pigs are in the barn, too.
There is even a cow made out of butter at the Iowa State Fair.
People show off their best fruits and vegetables, like this huge pumpkin.
You can eat all kinds of food at the fair.
Some people like to eat food on a stick, like corn dogs.
People can look at tractors.
They can also watch car races.
Before people go home, they watch fireworks.
The Iowa State Fair is a great fair!

I Like School
I like school.
I will have a locker next year.
I like the people at school.
I like the computers.
I like to make pictures.

Summer Vacation
What do you plan to do during summer vacation?
My family usually goes to the beach.
What can you do at the beach?
I like to walk on the beach.
This game is called bocce. The man who is throwing the ball is my father.
You can camp.
You can go to a concert.
This beach is crowded.
Look at all the umbrellas.
You could take a trip somewhere.
You can go to a famous place.
You can see something interesting.
You can go to a theme park. What can you do there?
You can go on a ride.
Wheeeeeeee!
You can see fireworks.
Which do you like better, watching or playing baseball?
Are you interested in nature?
You can hike to a waterfall.
You can go to a library.
Would you like to go to a summer camp?
Do you enjoy festivals?
You can go to a park. What can you do in a park?
Are you interested in art? You can visit a museum.
You probably like movies, don't you? How about going to a film festival?
Do you enjoy shopping?
Does this look like fun?
You can play in the water.
There are many things you can do.
What would you like to do?

When?
When will it rain?
When will it stop?
When will it be ready?
When will they grow?
When should I call?
When will it start?
When will it be over?
When will he go?
These are good questions.
Take a deep breath.
The answers always come...
in time.

Dumpling's Story
This was my pug.
Her name was Dumpling
She was a good sport. She went everywhere with us.
She went to the park when we did.
She watched when we went to tennis lessons.
She jumped in when we went swimming.
She even went out in the snow to play.
Dumpling was smart.
One day, she let us know she didn't feel good.
We went to the hospital right away.
Dumpling had eaten something bad.
We learned that with rest, she would get better.
It wasn't the end for Dumpling.
We were so glad.

A Good Combination
Some foods just go together.
Like peanut butter goes with jelly.
And cookies go with milk.
It's what you call a good combination.
Some animals just go with nature.
Like bees go with flowers.
And pigs go with mud.
These are  just good combinations.
Some people just go together, too.
And when you have a good combination,
you know it!

How They Do That
That takes strength.
That takes strength and faith.
That takes strength and faith and courage.
Gymnast have a lot of that.
That takes concentration.
That takes concentration and practice.
That takes concentration and practice and style.
Gymnasts have a lot of that.
How do they do that?
Gymnasts are strong in body.
But they are stronger in mind.
That is how they do that.

What I Did...
It's summer time. Let's see what everyone has done.
Zach went swimming.
Eugene went to the beach.
Phil went to the amusement park.
Zach slept in.
Eugene played outside.
Phil rode his bike.
Zach played baseball.
Eugene went camping.
Phil went to the zoo.
Sounds like a great summer so far!

Pater et Fīlia
Fīlia plōrat.
Pater quī fīliam audit nōn eam videt.
Fīlia quam pater nōn videt īrāta est.
Pater fīliam vocat.
Fīlia quam pater vocat nōn audit.
Fīlia quam pater vocat nōn respondet.
Iam pater fīliam videt.
Iam fīlia quae nōn plōrat laeta est.

Days in the Summer
We love summer.
We love the sand.
We love the fireworks.
We love swimming in the lake.

In My World
In my world...
There can't be too many flowers.
There can't be too many colors.
There can't be too much music.
There can't be too much love.
There can't be too much pizza.
There can't be too many friends.
There can't be too much hope.
There can't be too much peace.
Just imagine what a world it would be.

Not Afraid
I'm not Superman.
But I'm not afraid to get up.
I'm not afraid to go fast.
I'm not afraid to ride the wind.
I'm not afraid to see things from a new angle.
I'm not afraid to learn.
I'm not afraid to teach.
I'm not afraid to have fun.
I'm not afraid.

Our Holidays
Alec wanted to go on a jungle holiday, but the big, bad gorilla didn't want to let him go in the jungle!
So Alec saw some giraffes, but the gorilla didn't let them into the jungle either!
The monkey was sad that he couldn't come, but then he could.
Joshua wanted to go to the beach for his holiday.
But the waves were too big.
Then the water splashed onto him!
Carlo wanted to go up a mountain.
But he couldn't get up to the top because there were too many mountains.
When he finally got to the top, he saw a beautiful beach.

Big Cats
Tigers are big cats.
Tigers are majestic.
Tigers are fearless!
Some tigers are protected.
Tigers are competitive.
Tigers are spiritual.
Tigers are sociable.
Tigers are fearsome.
Tigers are playful.
Tigers are meticulous.
Tigers are a handful!
Love you, Mummy!

Nobiscum Ludite
Nobiscum Ludite
Faunus.
Flora.
Faunus et Flora.
Hic Faunus est
et
hic Flora est.
Hic canis est.  
Canis nomine Cerberus est.
Hic Flora est
et
hic canis est.
Flora canem amat et Faunus canem amat.
Canis Floram amat et canis Faunum amat.
Hic forum est.
Hic taberna est.
 Taberna crepundia habet.
Faunus crepundia habet et Flora crepundia habet.
Faunus pilam habet. Faunus pilam amat.
Hic canis est. Canis pilam habet.
Hic arbor est. Pila in arbore est.
Faunus in arbore est.
Flora in arbore est.
Hic Faunus in arbore est. Faunus pilam habet.
Hic in aqua sunt. Aquam amant. Cerberus aquam amat et Cerberus ludum amat.
"Veni, Cerbere! Ludus est! Ludus in aqua est. Veni in aqua, veni, veni!"
"Pilam habeo!" Faunus dicit. "Hic pilam est, Cerbere!" dicit.
"Ecce!" Flora dicit. "Ecce, Faune, piscis est!"
Vale, Flora!
Vale, Faune!
Vale, Cerbere!

A Teletubby Day
The Teletubbies are on their way to school. They love riding on the bus.
Tinky Winky is listening very well to the teacher. Good job, Tinky Winky.
Here are the Teletubbies at playtime. They love playing together, so playtime is their favourite time of day.
Dipsy and Laa Laa are getting ready for PE. They have to get dressed for the lesson.
It's time for the bus ride home. They had a good day at Teletubby School.
Now all the Teletubbies are home from school. They are extremely happy to be home. Yay!

The Teletubby School
We're going to school today.
Tinky Winky is in the older class.
These Teletubbies are lying on the ground to look at the clouds.
I love my school.
It's nearly home time.
Play time.

Teletubby School
The Teletubbies are going to school. They love school days!
Laa-Laa and Dipsy are in the same class. They are getting ready for PE.
Tinky Winky is in an older class than the others. He is listening well to the teacher.
The Teletubbies all play together at lunchtime.
Home time! Time to get on the Tubby-Bus.

Flowers
Flowers
This flower has a green stem.
This flower has blue petals.
These flowers have green leaves.
Flowers have roots.
There are many different kinds of flowers.
Some flowers are yellow.
Some flowers are red.
Flowers feed birds.
Flowers feed insects.
People love to smell flowers.
Flowers are beautiful!

Bobbus Aedificator in Roma
Bobbus mane surgit.
Bobbus in larario orat.
Bobbus quinque domus munit.
Bobbus castra munit.
Bobbus Colosseum munit.
Bobbus septem struthiocamelos rubros videt.
Bobbus septem 
pavones emit.
Bobbus glires et asparagum in triclinio comedit.
Bobbus aqueductum rumpit.
Bobbus aqueductum reparat.
Bobbus filiam et filium in atrio videt.
Possumusne reparare id? Ita vero, possumus!
Bobbo munire placet.
Bobbus dormit quod est defessus.

plurals: cuniculus magicus
ecce! porca est.
ecce! cuniculus est.
porca cuniculum amat.
cuniculus amicum cuniculum invenit.
porca sola est.
porca amicam porcam invenit.
quattuor amici fiunt.
omnes pugnant.
iterum amici sunt.
cuniculi porcae fiunt.
FINIS! :)

plurals: gallina
Gallinae nomen est Septima.
Gallinae ova ponunt.
Ecce! Septem ova.
Canis volat.
Canes dominant.
Piscis ridiculus cantat.
Pisces ridiculi cantant.
Finis!

Plurals: feles et mus
Parva feles in villa conspicit murem.
Mus felem salutat.
Feles et mus pugnant.
Feles alias feles vocat.
Mus alios mures vocat.
Feles et mus inter se amant.
Finis !

PLURALS: Porca et rana
Porca saltat in aquam.
Porca Ranas salutat.
Porca amat Ranam.
Porcae iratae sunt.
Piscis attonitus est.
Haedi intellegentes sunt.
Haedi pacem componunt.
Magnum convivium ornant.
Semper feliciter vivunt.
Finis.

PLURALS: cuniculus ursum amat.
Cuniculus in silva errat.
Ursus in silva errat.
Ursus amat Cuniculum in silva.
Ursus Cuniculum in matrimonium ducit.
Cuniculus et Ursus in insula osculantur.
Natos habent.
Semper feliciter vivunt.
Finis!

PLURALS: feles murem amat
feles murem videt
mures timent
feles murem amat
feles muri nubet
rana eos videt; tristis est
ranae omnes superant
Finis

Plurals: Canes, nomine Marlus et Micca
Marlus amat Miccam.
Micca amat Marlum.
Marlus est pauper.
Micca est pulchra!
Marlus in matrimonium ducit Miccam.
Micca est laeta!
Micca et Marlus bibunt vinum!
Lupus devorat Miccam et Marlum!

Plurals: cuniculus et amicus
cuniculus circumspectat in horto.
cuniculi salutant amicum in horto.
amici dormiunt in villa.
puella videt cuniculos in villa.
puella portat cuniculum ad benignam amicam
ecce! cuniculi vigilant!
cuniculi currunt ad puellam et amicum
cuniculi amant puellam et amicum

Plurals: Canes, nomine Montius et Daisia
Montius et Daisia...
Montius sedet in horto!
Videt amicam Daisiam!
Canes ludunt!
Nubent canes!
Canes ad insulas nomine "Hawaii" eunt!
Sex catulos habent!
Canes semper feliciter vivunt!
Finis!

Proverbia de Rosis: Proverbs about Roses
Provérbia de Rosis
Proverbs about Roses
Provérbia de Rosis
Nulla rosa...
... sine spinis.
No rose is without thorns.
Nulla rosa sine spinis.
Nímium breves...
... flores rosae.
Rose flowers last only a little while.
Nímium breves flores rosae.
Urtícae próxima...
... saepe rosa est.
Often the rose is next to the nettle.
Urtícae próxima saepe rosa est.
E squilla...
... non náscitur rosa.
A shrimp doesn't give birth to a rose.
E squilla non náscitur rosa.
Semper odoríferis...
... próxima spina...
... rosis.
Often the thorn is next to the sweet-smelling roses.
Semper odoríferis próxima spina rosis.
Armat spina rosas...
...mella tegunt apes.
The thorn is the roses' weapon; bees cover the honey.
Armat spina rosas, mella tegunt apes.
Saepe creat molles...
... áspera spina...
... rosas.
Often the rough thorn yields soft roses.
Saepe creat molles áspera spina rosas.
Etiam inter vepres...
... rosae nascúntur.
Roses grow even among the thornbushes.
Etiam inter vepres rosae nascúntur.
Spina etiam grata est...
... ex qua exspectátur rosa.
Even a thorn is pleasing, if you find a rose.
Spina etiam grata est, ex qua exspectátur rosa.
Coronémus nos rosis...
... ántequam marcéscant.
Let us crown ouselves with roses, before they wither.
Coronémus nos rosis, ántequam marcéscant.
Coronémus nos rosis...
... cras enim moriémur.
Let us crown ourselves with roses, for tomorrow we will die.
Coronémus nos rosis, cras enim moriémur.
Inter spinas...
... per aerúmnas...
... duratúras quaero rosas.
Amidst the thorns, through hardships, I seek roses that will last.
Inter spinas, per aerúmnas,  duratúras quaero rosas.
Véritas...
... et rosae...
... habent spinas.
The truth and roses have thorns.
Véritas et rosae habent spinas.
Rosa...
... quo spinósior...
...fragrántior.
The more thorny a rose, the sweeter it smells.
Rosa, quo spinósior, fragrántior.
Ne péreant...
... lege mane...
... rosas.
So that they do not wither, gather roses in the morning.
Ne péreant, lege mane rosas.
LatinViaProverbs.com

The NBA
So high.
So rough.
So sweet.
So NBA!
So big.
So great.
So tough.
So NBA!
So important.
So alone.
So much teamwork.
That's the NBA.

Proverbia de Rosis: Repetite!
Provérbia de Rosis
___ ___ ___
Provérbia de Rosis
Nulla rosa...
... sine spinis.
___ ___ ___ ___
Nulla rosa sine spinis.
Nímium breves...
... flores rosae.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Nímium breves flores rosae.
Urtícae próxima...
... saepe rosa est.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Urtícae próxima saepe rosa est.
E squilla...
... non náscitur rosa.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
E squilla non náscitur rosa.
Semper odoríferis...
... próxima spina...
... rosis.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___
Semper odoríferis próxima spina rosis.
Armat spina rosas...
...mella tegunt apes.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Armat spina rosas, mella tegunt apes.
Saepe creat molles...
... áspera spina...
... rosas.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Saepe creat molles aspera spina rosas.
Etiam inter vepres...
... rosae nascúntur.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___
Etiam inter vepres rosae nascúntur.
Spina etiam grata est...
... ex qua exspectátur rosa.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Spina etiam grata est, ex qua exspectátur rosa.
Coronémus nos rosis...
... ántequam marcéscant.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Coronémus nos rosis, ántequam marcéscant.
Coronémus nos rosis...
... cras enim moriémur.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Coronémus nos rosis, cras enim moriémur.
Inter spinas...
... per aerúmnas...
... duratúras quaero rosas.
___ ___, ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Inter spinas, per aerúmnas,  duratúras quaero rosas.
Véritas...
... et rosae...
... habent spinas.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Véritas et rosae habent spinas.
Rosa...
... quo spinósior...
...fragrántior.
___, ___ ___, ___.
Rosa, quo spinósior, fragrántior.
Ne péreant...
... lege mane...
... rosas.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Ne péreant, lege mane rosas.
LatinViaProverbs.com

Proverbia de Rosis
Provérbia de Rosis
Nulla rosa...
... sine spinis.
Nímium breves...
... flores rosae.
Saepe rosa urtícae próxima est.
Urtícae próxima...
... saepe rosa est.
E squilla...
... non náscitur rosa.
Spina rosis odoríferis próxima semper est.
Semper odoríferis...
... próxima spina...
... rosis.
Armat spina rosas...
...mella tegunt apes.
Spina áspera rosas molles saepe creat.
Saepe creat molles...
... áspera spina...
... rosas.
Etiam inter vepres...
... rosae nascúntur.
Spina etiam grata est...
... ex qua exspectátur rosa.
Coronémus nos rosis...
... ántequam marcéscant.
Coronémus nos rosis...
... cras enim moriémur.
Inter spinas...
... per aerúmnas...
... duratúras quaero rosas.
Véritas...
... et rosae...
... habent spinas.
Rosa...
... quo spinósior...
...fragrántior.
Ne péreant...
... lege mane...
... rosas.
LatinViaProverbs.com

Your Mom's Baby
This is a tiger mom. Her baby is a cub.
This is a pig mom. Her babies are piglets.
This is an elephant mom.
Her baby is a calf.
This is a cat mom. Her baby is a kitten.
This is a goat mom. Her baby is a kid.
This is a sheep mom. Her baby is a lamb.
This is a goose mom. Her babies are goslings.
Moms love their babies.
Moms have special names for their babies.
You were once your mom's baby.
What does your mom call you?

Perseus Porcus
HODIE
Dominus exspectat Perseum.
Dominus vocat Perseum.
Dominus lacrimat. Dominus amat Perseum.
Perseus intrat.
Dominus salutat Perseum.
Dominus et Perseus cenant.
Perseus amat Dominum.
HERI
Dominus Perseum exspectabat.
Dominus Perseum vocavit.
Dominus lacrimabat. Dominus Perseum amabat.
Perseus intravit.
Dominus Perseum salutavit.
Dominus Perseusque cenabant.
Perseus dominum amabat.

Cuniculus versipellem salutat
Hodie, cuniculus in via ambulat.
Subito, canis intrat.
Cuniculus canem timet.
Cuniculus lacrimat.
Subito, versipellis intrat.
Canis celeriter fugit.
Cuniculus versipellem amat.
Heri, cuniculus in via ambulabat.
Subito, canis intravit.
Cuniculus canem timebat.
Cuniculus lacrimabat.
Subito, versipellis intravit.
Canis celeriter fugiebat.
Cuniculus versipellem amabat.

Hodie et Heri: Porci ambulant
Porci ambulant.
Lupus porcos captat. Lupus porcos portat.
Lupus ad villam festinat.
Cras lupus porcos cenabit.
Hodie lupus porcos pulsat.
Porcus lupum vituperat.
Lupus lacrimabit.
Porci lupum superabunt.
Porci current.
Porca amabit porcum. Porcus amabit porcam.

curiosus canis
Heri canis aeger erat.
Subito canis valuit.
Canis ambulat.
Canis spectat lacunam.
Canis limosus est.
Canis lavatur.
Canis purus est.
Canis dormit.

Canis & Leo
Hodie canis ambulat!
Canis ferociter latrat!
Canis ieiunus est!
SUBITO...
Canis leonem videt!
Amici sunt! :)
Heri canis ambulabat!
Canis ferociter latrabat!
Canis ieiunus erat!
SUBITO...
Canis leonem vidit!
THE END! :)

Plurals: Feles et Canis
salve! ecce liber noster
ecce feles
ecce canis
feles dormit
canis currit
ecce feles
ecce canes
feles ludunt
canes fessi sunt
finis

Plurals: Animalia
Salve! Ccce liber meus
Feles sedet
Feles dormiunt
Piscis natat
Pisces natant
Canes sedent
Canis tristis est
Finis

Plurals: Cuculus
cuculus mater est
ecce ova eius
cuculi in arbore sedent
pulli egrediuntur
cuculus mater pullos alit

Plurals: Porca
porca est
porcae latent.
porca in limo est.
porcae dormiunt.
porca amabilis est.
porcae amabiles sunt.
porca ludit.
porcae ludunt.

Fabula : Pars II : Sepulcrum
For the film of the book search tutubuslatinus on YouTube.
Salve!
Ecce currus.
Currus est domus Celti. Celtus in curro dormit.
Fido extra currum recumbit.
Fido Celtum exspectat.
Mox Celtus somno solvitur
et e curro exit.
Canis latrat.
Ecce pons.
Pons super castras stat.
Celtus ad pontem currit.
Fido cum Celto currit.
Celtus et Fido ad pontem currunt.
Celtus in ponte stat
et Geldum spectat.
Tum Celtus Albionem spectat.
Celtus tristis est.
Nam Celtus Geldum valde amat.
Sed Albionem explorare vult.
Ecce femina, nomine Theresa.
Celtus ad Theresam ambulat.
Theresa est maga benigna.
Theresa signum Celto offert. Celtus signum capit.
Maga Celto de Camera Fati narrat.
Celtus lacum spectat.
Celtus statim ad lacum festinat.
In medio laco est insula parva.
Celtus lacum intrat
et ad insulam parvam natat.
In medio insula est sepulcrum.
Sepulcrum clausum est
sed signum sepulcrum aperit.
Celtus sepulcrum intrat
et sub terram descendit.
Iuvenis fortis...
salit.
Celtus per obscurum natat.
Celtus per obscurum ambulat.
Fido est perterritus.
Subito scarabei Celtum oppugnant.
Celtus gladium destringit
et pugnat.
Celtus scarabeos superat.
Iuvenis Cameram Fati quaerit.

Independence Day
Independence
Day
Going to the parade.
Here comes the firetruck to start the parade.
Next, we see some characters walking down the street.
Then, we see the band and cheerleaders.
The silly little cars come next.
Then, there is a memory float for the soldiers who have died for our freedom.
Next, we see a float with soldiers on it.
Then we see big balloons.
Then we go to the picnic area.
Here we find different kinds of grilled foods.
We see hamburgers and hot dogs.
Kabobs and more for us to buy and try.
Then we have dessert.
Later that evening, we go to the fireworks show.
Here is a red, white, and blue fireworks display.
Finally, they shoot off a final display.
We go home and do some sparklers and get ready for bed.

School Uniform
Uniform of Tears
When I go to school, I feel shameful.
What's the matter?
My school uniform is very old fashioned.
Which part of your uniform do you dislike?
First, the blouse has pink checked pattern.
Second, its buttons are weird.
It's because adults think they are neat and tidy.
Oh! That's not the end! Wait a minute.
The skirt must go below the knee.
We can't wear this strange blouse fitting our body.
It is just like my Dad's shirt.
The End.

Strawberries
I see strawberries grow.
I see strawberries picked.
I see strawberries washed.
I see strawberries in bowls.
I see strawberries on cupcakes.
I see strawberries on cake.
I LOVE strawberries!
Do you like strawberries, too?

Matthew's Morning
In the morning, I am sleeping. I wake up.
I go to the bathroom.
I wash my hands.
I change my clothes.
I eat breakfast.
I brush my teeth.
I comb my hair.

Cooking in Our Classroom
Getting ready to cook in our classroom.
Looking through all the cookbooks for a recipe.
Marking the place for one of our favorite recipes.
Making a shopping list of what we need.
Shopping for the things on our list.
Then we head for the check-out counter.
When we get back, we have to wash our hands.
Then we get out the mixing bowls.
Next, we measure the ingredients for our recipe.
Then the adults help us cook it.
Next, we have to wash the dishes and pots.
When the kitchen is clean again, we eat our good food.

My Dream
Mina: David, long time no see. Are you fine?
David: Not bad, but today I am feeling very blue.
Mina: Why? What's wrong? Why are you so blue?
David: To tell the truth, I had a run-in with my mom.
I am very interested in music.
Mina: So what?
David: However, my parents want me to be a doctor.
Mina: That's too bad.
David: Is there any way for me to handle this problem? I need your advice.
Mina: What can we do? Let's think over it together.

My Mom is Angry
My name is Mirim. I am 17 years old.
These days, I have a problem.
I argued with my mom.
I skipped after school classes.
I made a slip of the tongue.
My heart hurt so much.
I don't know what to do.
I need your advice. Give me your hand.
Oh...that's too bad. Don't worry about the problem.
Your mom's mind is the same as your mind.
Should you make up with your mom?
Write a letter or talk about the problem with your mom.
Good luck! ♡

Fans
Fans are fun to watch.
Fans go around and around.
Some fans go fast.
Some fans go slow.
Some fans have lights on them, too!
A ceiling can have many fans...
or only one fan.
I wish fans were everywhere!

Hockey is Fun
This is hockey.
Hockey is fast.
Hockey is fun.
Hockey is rough and tough!
We go to a hockey game.
We cheer for the Red Wings!
Red Wings will win.
GO RED WINGS!

URSUS ET BUBO
ECCE URSUS.
NOMEN EI EST "WINNIE".
URSUS IN FOVEAM CADIT.
URSUS CLAMAT.
"CLAMOREM AUDIO!" DICIT BUBO.
BUBO AD CLAMOREM VOLAT.
BUBO URSUM IUVAT.
URSUS ET BUBO LAETI SUNT.
FINIS!
TRES PORCELLAE DICUNT "VALETE"

I'm Short
Hi, I'm a male student in high school. I have a problem. Compared to my friends, I am very short.
I am often disregarded by friends because I am small.
Everyone says to me, "Are you really a high school student? You look very young!"
When playing games and sports, other students leave me out because of that reason.
The days at school pass by very unpleasantly. I need your advice!
Nice to meet you. I am your advisor.
Have patience! You are still a student.
When you are an adult, you will grow taller!
Remember that good nutrition is important for good health. You must have a balanced diet.
Just have some confidence and believe in yourself!
Good luck!

My Friend Likes My Boyfriend.
Hi, Miss Minji. My name is Haesun.
I have a problem.
I have a close friend named Sukhee, and a boyfriend named Sung gi.
We have been good friends since elementary school.
But one day Sukhee told me "I might like Sung gi."
I like both Sukhee and Sung gi. What should I do?
Well...I am sorry to hear that.
Honestly, you should ask your best friend if these are her true feelings or not.
You should also tell your boyfriend and listen to his answer.
Why don't you just sit them down and talk it out?
Above all, the most important thing is that you decide if your friend or your boyfriend is more important.
Thank you for asking for my advice. Good Luck.

Proverbia de Serpente: Repetite!
Provérbia de Serpénte
___ ___ ___
Provérbia de Serpénte
Párvulae serpéntes ...
...non nocent.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Párvulae serpéntes non nocent.
Latet anguis ...
... in herba.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Latet anguis in herba.
In sinu...
...víperam habet.
___ ___ ___ ___.
In sinu víperam habet.
Cum serpénte ...
... nemo secúrius ludit.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Cum serpénte nemo secúrius ludit.
Serpens eiciéndus...
... e domo.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Serpens eiciéndus e domo.
Serpens nisi serpéntem edat ...
... draco non fiet.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Serpens nisi serpéntem edat, draco non fiet.
E vípera...
...rursus vípera náscitur.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
E vípera rursus vípera náscitur.
Cólubra ...
... restem non parit.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Cólubra restem non parit.
LatinViaProverbs.com

Proverbia de Serpente: Proverbs about Snakes
Provérbia de Serpénte
Proverbs about Serpents
Provérbia de Serpénte
Párvulae serpéntes ...
...non nocent.
Little serpents are not dangerous.
Párvulae serpéntes non nocent.
Latet anguis ...
... in herba.
A snake is lurking in the grass.
Latet anguis in herba.
In sinu...
...víperam habet.
He's got a viper in his bosom.
In sinu víperam habet.
Cum serpénte ...
... nemo secúrius ludit.
No one plays very safely with a serpent.
Cum serpénte nemo secúrius ludit.
Serpens eiciéndus...
... e domo.
You've got to throw the serpent out of the house.
Serpens eiciéndus e domo.
Serpens nisi serpéntem edat ...
... draco non fiet.
Unless snake eats snake, it can't become a dragon.
Serpens nisi serpéntem edat, draco non fiet.
E vípera...
...rursus vípera nascitur.
One viper spawns yet another viper.
E vípera rursus vípera náscitur.
Cólubra ...
... restem non parit.
A snake doesn't give birth to a rope.
Cólubra restem non parit.
LatinViaProverbs.com

Proverbia de Serpente
Provérbia de Serpénte
Párvulae serpéntes ...
...non nocent.
Latet anguis ...
... in herba.
In sinu...
...víperam habet.
Cum serpénte ...
... nemo secúrius ludit.
Serpens eiciéndus...
... e domo.
Serpens nisi serpéntem edat ...
... draco non fiet.
E vípera...
...rursus vípera náscitur.
Cólubra ...
... restem non parit.
LatinViaProverbs.com

de rerum natura : pars ii : homines
Ecce Terra Orbis.
Multi homines in Terra Orbis habitant.
Terra Orbis est domus multis hominibus.
Hic est homo.
Haec est homo.
Hoc est signum masculinum.
Hoc est signum femininum.
Hic est homo. Hic est vir.
Haec est homo. Haec est mulier.
Hi sunt homines. Hi sunt viri.
Hae sunt homines. Hae sunt mulieres.
Ecce puer.
Puer est homo. Puer est parvus.
Ecce puella.
Puella est homo. Puella est parva.
Hi sunt homines parvi.
Ecce iuvenis.
Iuvenis est homo adulenscens.
Ecce virgo.
Virgo est homo adulescens.
Hi sunt homines adulescentes.
Ecce vir.
Vir est homo. Vir est adultus.
Ecce mulier.
Mulier est homo. Mulier est adulta.
Hi sunt homines adulti.
Ecce senex.
Senex est homo. Senex est grandaevus.
Ecce anus.
Anus est homo. Anus est grandaeva.
Hi sunt homines grandaevi.
Pueri, iuvenes, viri et senes sunt homines.
Puellae, virgines, mulieres et anus sunt homines.
Ecce infans.
Infans est homo novissimus.
Infans aut puer parvulus aut puella parvula est.
Hi sunt infantes.
Ecce canis.
Canis non est homo. Canis est bestia.

Same Gender
One day, I started to like my friend.
However, this friend was the same gender as me.
I think I was reaching puberty, but the emotion was clear. I started feeling afraid.
I am scared of social criticism and the reactions of my friends.
I feel guilty and sorry for my parents.
I can't tell others my problems. I need your advice.
I read your problem. I think that you must be suffering a lot.
I think that being gay is not shameful or something to feel guilty about.
You should show your feelings instead of hiding them.
You have the right to love  anyone. You have a fair reason.
You are young.
Don't worry.
Why don't you stay with a good friend?

Fight the Fat
I am a first grader in Mirim Girls' Information Science High School.
These day, I am under a lot of stress.
I have gained some weight.
I sit on a chair all day long at school.
I eat too much but have no time to exercise.
I need your wise advice about my problem.
You should go on a diet.
Exercise hard at least in PE class.
Try to walk to nearby places.
You can control your weight.

A Good Pet
What is a good pet?
A cat is a good pet.
A lion is not a good pet.
A dog is a good pet.
A wolf is not a good pet.
An iguana is a good pet.
An alligator is not a good pet.
A parakeet is a good pet.
A vulture is not a good pet.
A goldfish is a good pet.
A shark is not a good pet.

Lūdī Circēnsēs
Aurīga est. Aurīgae agunt in lūdīs circēnsibus.
Hic aurīga quadrīgam agit.  Habet quattuor equōs.
Circus est.  Hīc lūdī circēnsēs fuērunt.
Spīna in mediō circō est.
In caveīs, Rōmānī populī sēdērunt.
In carceribus, equī et aurīgae exspectāvērunt.
Ubi mappam vident…
…aurīgae agunt celerrimē!
Circum mētās cucurrērunt.
Fuit perīculōsum!
Prīmus aurīga, quī septimum cursum finīvit et lineam albam advēnit, vīcit!
Victorī palma data est.
Rōmānī lūdōs circēnsēs amāvērunt.

Imagines in lingua Latina
(imago, inis, f. = picture)
(rosa, ae, f. = rose)
(heliotropium, ii, n. = sunflower)
(flos, floris, m. = flower)
(unus, a, um = one.
multi, ae, a = numerous)
(duo, duae, duo = two)
(roseus, a, um = pink.
candidus,a,um = white)
(est = is.
sunt = [they] are )
(color, oris, m. = colour.
nec...nec = nor...neither)
(aurantius, a, um = orange)
(one "rosa" > 
several "rosae")
(canis, is, m. = dog)
(animal, animalis, n. = animal)
(one "canis" > 
several "canes")
(one "animal" > 
several "animalia")
(animalis = animal's)
(Vale ! = Bye !)

Studying is Hard
Hi! My name is Min-su.
I am a 1st year Mirim High School student.
I am very bad at studying. I am so sad.
I want to study well, but I do not know what to do.
I noticed my parents were very disappointed.
Please give me some advice.
I know it is hard to study, but high school is very important.
You must have a strong mind and focus on studying.
If you’re in high school, you only have to suffer through three years of studying.
If you do not, people will laugh at you in the future.
Afterwards, you can decide if you want to study more in university.
If you do not really know how to study, you could find a job.
If you find a job, your parents won’t be disappointed and will be happy.
Good luck!

Villa Roma vs Casa Americana
Vīlla est vīlla Rōmāna.
Vīlla nōn est parva. Vīlla est magna.
Vīlla est antīqua. Vīlla est alta et longa.
Vīlla Rōmāna pictūrās habet.
Magna vīlla parvam lacūnam habet. Lacūna nōn est longa. Lacūna nōn est alta.
In pictūrā casam Americānam vidēmus.
Casa nōn est antiqua; casa est nova.
Casa nōn est alta, sed casa est lāta.
Casa est in viā longā.
Casa lacūnam habet.
In lacūnā est aqua.
Aqua nōn est alta.

Declensions
Here are 5 words we will decline.
Ecce! means 'see!'.
Nomen per terminationes flectitur.
A noun is declined by changing its endings.
Sic dictus, qvia finis ejus sic, vel sic, cadit.
So it is said, that its end falls 'this way' or 'this way'.
While we do this, keep checking with your own fingers.
Ecce: Regīna.
Regīna terminat in 'a'.
Ecce: regīna.
Look: a queen.
Ecce: dominus.
Ecce: dominus.
Look: a master.
Here is a master.
Dominus terminat in 'us'.
Ecce: magister.
Look: a teacher.
'Magister' terminat in 'er'.
Ecce: verbum.
Look: a word.
'Verbum' terminat in 'um'.
Ecce: pater.
Look: a father.
Pater terminat in 'r'.
Words on the third finger can end in any letters from c,l,o,n,e,s,t,r,a,x. Lots of words!
Ecce: fructus.
Look: fruit.
'Fructus
' terminat in 'us'.
Ecce: rēs.
Look: a thing.
'Rēs' terminat in 'ēs'.
Scīsne?
Do you know the endings?
Only one finger is for pointing.
Words on this finger change, when you could POINT and call that word or thing by name.
A master.
"Hey there, master!"
A son.
"Hey there, O son."
Vergil. (He is a famous poet.)
"Hey there, O Vergil."
Only words that end in -us on this finger!!!
'Vocativus' est casus.
This is the 'Vocative' or 'calling' case.
Qvid est casus?
What is 'case'?
Specialis terminatio nominis est.
It is a special ending of a naming word.
Genitivus est casus.
'Pars' means ' A part'.
Pars Rēī.
A part OF something.
Part of a queen.
Pars regīnae.
Part of a queen.
Remember - look at your hand!
Pars dominī. (et pars magistrī et pars verbī)
Part of a master.
Pars patris.
Part of a father.
Pars fructūs.
Part of a fruit.
Pars rēī.
Part of a thing.
Videō - 'I see'.
Video regīnam.
I see a queen.
regīn-am
Video dominum.
domin-um (et magistrum, et verbum)
Video patrem.
patr-em
Video fructum.
fruct-um
Video rem.
r-em
'Cum' means 'with'.
Nomen per terminationes flectitur.
Cum regīnā.
regīn-ā
With a queen.
Cum dominō.
domin-ō (et magistrō, et verbō)
Cum patre.
patr-e
Cum fructū.
fruct-ū
Cum rē.
r-ē
Serviō means 'I serve' or 'I give service'.
Serviō regīnae.
regīn-ae
I give service TO a queen.
Serviō dominō.
domin-ō (et magistrō et verbō)
Serviō patrī.
patr-ī
Serviō fructuī.
fruct-uī
Serviō rēī.
r-ēī
Scīsne?
Nominativus
Genitivus
Accusativus
Ablativus
Dativus
Nunc, Pluraliter....
Nomen per terminationes flectitur.
regīnae, dominī(et magistrī, et verba), patrēs, fructūs, rēs.
regīnārum, dominōrum, patrum, fructuum, rērum.
regīnās, dominōs (magistrōs, et verba), patrēs, fructūs, rēs.
regīnīs, dominīs (et magistrīs, et verbīs), patribus, fructibus, rēbus.
regīnīs, dominīs (et magistrīs et verbīs), patribus, fructibus, rēbus.
latinum.org.uk

Elmo Stays Safe
Elmo likes to go to video stores.
Elmo looks and finds one he likes.
Elmo likes to pay for his video!
Elmo NEVER leaves the house alone!
Elmo can get lost if he goes alone.
He could get hit by a car and fall down.
Elmo goes places with his mom or dad.
Going with a friend is fun, too.
Elmo goes home safe and sound!

Iguanas
This iguana looks for a home.
That iguana is trying to cross the hills.
That iguana looks for food.
The iguanas can't get off of the couch.
Baby iguanas can't get out of the cage.
The iguana is resting.
The iguana is sleeping in a tree.

Going to a Movie
Today we are going to a movie!
First, we get into the car and buckle our seat belts!
We park our car and walk up to the theater.
We wait calmly in line to buy a ticket.  We hand our money to the ticket seller.
We go into the theater and use the bathroom before the performance.
Sometimes, we might buy a drink.
Sometimes, we might buy popcorn to share.
When the lights dim down, we sit in our seat.  We stay quiet and do not talk. We listen to the movie.
We stay in our seat throughout the whole movie.  Unless we have to use the potty, and then we tell an adult.
After we get back home, we can tell everyone about the movie that we saw!

Going Swimming
I love the water.  Whenever I am near water, I feel joyful.
I love to swim and float in the water.
I love to hold my breath and go under the water.
Sometimes, I like to play alone.
Other times, like at free swim, I like to play with others.
It is fun to play with other kids in the water.
Sometimes, other kids will invite me to play.  Sometimes they say yes to me when I ask them to play.
There are other times when I want to play with others and they say no.  I feel sad.  Sometimes, I get mad.
It is okay to be sad but not okay to get mad.  I can stop, take a deep breath and think of other things to do.
I can take a deep breath and dive under the water.
I can look for other children to play with in the water.
I could ask an older child to play.  Sometimes they will say yes and sometimes they will say no.  That is okay.
If I can't find a child to play with, sometimes I could even ask an adult.
It is important to remember to smile, be friendly and have fun!

About Magic
Some people were afraid of magic.
But magic is only a trick.
Some tricks are small.
Some tricks are big.
Houdini was a famous magician.
Street magicians do card tricks sometimes.
Adults know what they're doing when they do tricks with fire.
I love magic.

Counting Animals
Let us 
count some
animals.
One panda.
Two elephants.
Three cows.
Four penguins.
Five puppies.
Six pigs.

Looking at Japan
The girl is looking at something.
What does she see?
A spider on a tower!!!!
Or something more serene?
What do you think?
There are many things to see and do in Japan.
Come with me to see...
the beauty of Japan.

de rerum natura : pars i : Orbis Terrarum
Ecce via lactea.
In via lactea sunt multae stellae.
Sol est stella proxima.
Ecce stella errans, planeta appellatur.
Novem planetae circum solem errant.
Ecce Orbis Terrarum. Orbis Terrarum est planeta nostra.
Ecce homo.
Multi homines in Orbe Terrarum habitant.
Ecce bestia.
Multae bestiae in Orbe Terrarum habitant.
Ecce planta.
Multae plantae in Orbe Terrarum habitant.
Ecce terra.
Est in Orbe Terrarum multa terra.
Ecce aqua.
Est in Orbe Terrarum multa aqua.
Ecce aer.
Est in Orbe Terrarum multus aer.
Aer supra terram et aquam positus est.
Terra et aqua sub aere positae sunt.
Orbis Terrarum in terra et aqua et aere consistit.
Homines et bestiae et plantae una in Orbe Terrarum habitant.

I Am Short
Hi! Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too.
You look worried. What's wrong?
I am frustrated.
Why?
I have a problem. I am short.
Me, too. I am short.
What can I do about it? I need your advice.
You have to always drink milk, do exercise, go to bed early and wake up.
Your advice helped. Thank you very much.
You´re welcome. Keep your fingers crossed and cheer up!!!!!

Little Creations
Ladybug on a flower bud.
Spider on a web.
Hummingbird humming.
Busy bees.
Pretty blue flowers.
Tall white flowers.
Running water.
Jimmy cricket.
Beautiful butterfly.
Tight, little, blue flower bud ready to open.
Pink and white.
Purple flowers all together.
Five petals and five drops of rain.

Gina's Book of Babies
Blowing a kiss.
Kisses for Mummy.
Blue eyes and rosy cheeks.
It's sleep time.
Mummy pick me up, please.
Twice the fun, twice the nappies.
I love apples.
Three of a kind.
Smile for Mummy.

My Horses
Mother horse and baby horse.
Black and brown horses.
One horse eating grass by the trees.
A horse in the air with a man on it.
Going home from riding horses in the sunset.
In the air.
Waving his hat in the air.
Going to camp with the horses.

Summer Fun
I love summer. In the summer, I do a lot.
In the summer, I go to the beach.
In the summer, I go on a picnic.
In the summer, I swim.
In the summer, I see fireworks.
In the summer, I see kites.
In the summer, I eat ice cream.
In the summer, I see a parade.
In the summer, I play with friends.
In the summer, I have fun.

Cowboy Picks
I want to be a cowboy.
I want to be a cowgirl.
I will pick my shirt.
I will pick my blue jeans.
I will pick my hat.
I will pick my boots.
I will pick my horse.
I am a cowboy.
I am a cowgirl.

My Summer Day
This is what I do on my summer days.
In the mornings, I wake up after sleeping late.
It is time for morning medicine.
I love to take a shower!
Some days I work on my writing...
...other days I like to read. Learning is fun!
By then, it is usually time for lunch.
I really enjoy spending time talking with my dad.
Some days, we watch the Cubs play baseball on TV.
In the afternoons, I do my stretching.
If it is not too hot, I will go walking.
When I go to bed, I watch a movie on DVD.
Any time of day is a good time for prayers.

I See
I see a tree.
I see flowers.
I see a cat.
I see a dog.

Pucker Up!
A swinging kiss is a good kiss.
A little kiss is a good kiss.
Pucker up!
A furry kiss is a good kiss.
A colorful kiss is a good kiss.
Pucker up!
A wet kiss is a good kiss.
An old kiss is a good kiss.
Pucker up!
Any kiss is a good kiss!
Don't you think so?
Pucker up!

Discovery Canyon Critters
God most high, I will rejoice.  I will celebrate and sing because of you.  Psalm 9: verse 2.
My heart tells me to pray.  Psalm 27: verse 8.
I ask for your help, Lord God, and you will keep me safe.  Psalm 55: verse 16.
Sing praises to the Lord!  Tell about his miracles.  Psalm 105: verse 2.
Let the hearts of those who seek the Lord rejoice.  Psalm 105: verse 3.

This is Iron Man
This is Iron Man.
Iron Man is strong.
Iron Man has a hat on.
Iron Man is in the water.
Iron Man is flying up.
Iron Man is reading a book.
Iron Man is with a robot.
Iron Man is hiding behind some flowers.

Fabula : Pars I : Celtus
For the film of the book search tutubuslatinus on YouTube.
Salve!
Ecce Albion, terra pulchra et mirabilis.
Ecce iuvenis, nomine Celtus. Celtus est iuvenis fortis.
Ecce canis, nomine Fido.
Celtus et Fido in Geldo habitant.
Geldus est castra parva in Albione.
Ecce currus.
currus est domus Celti.
ecce arca. arca prope currum est.
Celtus ad currum ambulat.
Fido cum Celto ambulat.
Celtus et Fido per castras ambulant.
Arca clausa est.
Celtus arcam aperit.
Gladius est in arca. Celtus gladium capit.
Manuballista est in arca. Celtus manuballistam capit.
Medicina est in arca. Celtus medicinam capit.
Pala est in arca. Celtus palam capit.
Celtus ad focum ambulat.
Cena est parata.
Mox nox est,
et luna plena est in caelo.
Celtus currum intrat et dormit.

At the Station
Thomas is number 1.
He is blue.  Thomas is  a  steam train.
Edward is number 2. He is blue.
I can see Henry parked in the station. Henry looks funny. He is number 3. Henry is happy. Henry is green.
Gordon is blue. He is number 4.
James is number 5. He has a red coat.
Percy is happy.  He is green.  He is number 6.
Toby is number 7.  He is brown.
Duck is number 8. He has  a green coat.
Donald and Douglas  are numbers 9 and  10. They are grey.  Donald and Douglas  look the same. They are brothers.

Fans
Fans
Fans are big.
Fans are small.
Fans are on ceilings.
Fans are on desks.
Fans are on boats.
Fans are on grills.
Fans are colorful.
Fans are flowers.
Fans are awesome!

My Day
This is my day.
I get up at 7:00am.
I eat breakfast at 7:30am.
I get to school at 8:40am.
I get home at 5:30pm.
I do my homework at 6:30pm.
I study English at 7:30pm.
I watch TV at 8:00pm.
I wash my face at 11:30pm.
I go to bed at 11:40pm.

A Trip to the Pet Store
A pet store is a place to buy a pet.
I could buy a cat.
I could buy a dog.
I could buy a fish.
I could buy a turtle.
I could buy a snake.
I could buy a rabbit.
I could buy a lizard.
I could buy a bird.
I could buy a mouse.
I could buy a spider, but I won't.
I will buy  fish.
I will take my fish home.
See my pet fish.

The Beach
This is a cool shape in the sand.
This is the biggest splash ever!!
Sometimes, there are hurricanes at the beach.
This is a tropical storm.
This is the worst storm I have ever seen.

Summertime
In the summer,  the  boy likes to dive.
In the summer, the girl is playing on the beach.
In the summer, the tide is coming in at the beach.
In the summer,  the kids like to swim.
In the summer, the boy likes to surf.
In the summer, the footprints are in the sand.
In the summer, you can put your chair by the water.
In the summer, there are many shells at the beach.
In the summer, we build big sandcastles.

James Bond 007
James Bond has many faces.
"License to Kill" is my favorite movie.
Pierce Brosnan played in 4 movies.
"Die Another Day" is the title of one movie Pierce played in.
Sean Connery was the first James Bond.
"Goldfinger" is a great movie!!!
Roger Moore played in 7 movies.  Wow, that is a lot!
7 Double O 7 movies for Roger Moore. Super cool.

A Special Kind of House
Do you see this house? It is a special kind of house.
There is a red door on this house.
There is a flag on this house.
There is a pole in this house.
There are helmets in this house.
There are coats and boots in this house.
There is a dog in this house.
There are trucks in this house.
There are heroes in this house.
This is a fire house.
It is a special kind of house.

Lemons
Lemons grow on trees.
Lemons splash.
Lemons make cupcakes.
Lemons and oranges.
Lemons are juicy.
Lemon cookies.
Lemons are cut.
Lemon peel.
Lemon and a cat.
Lemon slices.
Lemons are yellow.
Lemons on a chair.
Lemons make lemonade.
The End

Josh Pumkin
Pumpkin
Sugar
Vegetable stock
Onion
Butter
Sour creams
Cornflour

Looking at Fish
Let's look at fish.
Do you see a yellow fish? I do.
Do you see an orange fish?  I do.
Do you see a jellyfish?  I do.
Do you see a clownfish?  I do.
Do you see a colorful fish?  I do.
Do you see the starfish?  I do.
Do you see the striped fish?  I do.
Do you see the lionfish?  I do.
Hey!  That is not a fish!
Now, that is a fish.
YIKES! Do you see the shark? Let's go!

School is Out!
Where did everyone go?
Some people took a plane.
Some people took a bus.
Some people took a train.
But where did they go?
Some people went to the beach.
Some people went to the mountains.
Some people stayed home.

Rainforest
The rainforest is in South America.
The rainforest has many different plants.
It is many different colors of green.
Trees grow very tall.
Lemurs live in the rainforest.
Butterflies are large.
Butterflies are colorful.
Many different birds live in the rainforest.
Toucans have large beaks.
Many monkeys live in the rainforest.
This is a scary bridge.
This is a red and green lizard.
They call this a red eye frog.
This is a very dangerous frog.  It is poisonous.
This frog is yellow.
The sun sets on the rainforest.

My Birthday
What do I want for my birthday?
Maybe, I could have a birthday party.
It would be nice to go swimming.
What about a pony ride?
I would love to go to the circus!
Maybe, I'd go for a balloon ride.
Do you think I could get my own car?
I love to go to baseball games!
Could I go to the mall?
Or maybe instead of a present...
I think I'll take some friends out to lunch.

Recess
I can go on the playground.
I can go on the swings.
I can go down the slide.
I can jump rope.
I can run.
I can play sports.
I can have fun at recess.

Turtles
A turtle is a reptile.
Some turtles are green.
Some turtles are black.
Turtles swim in the water.
Turtles sit on rocks.
Turtles sit on a log.
Turtles sit in my hand.
Turtles play on the beach.
Turtles and hippos are friends.
I like to eat candy turtles.
Turtles play hide and seek in their shell.
Look at me. I'm a turtle.

The Life Cycle of a Frog 2
This is a frog.
A frog lays eggs in the water.
The eggs hatch into tadpoles.
A tadpole has a tail.
The tadpole grows legs. It is now a polliwog.
The tail falls off, and it becomes a frog!
A frog is an amphibian.
It can live on the land,
or in the water.

Foods I Like
I like cupcakes.
I like doughnuts.
I like strawberries.
I like nectarines.
I like popcorn.
I like cookies.
I like gummy worms.
I like pizza.
I like bananas.
I like to eat.

Water
Water
We do different things with water.
We can drink water. It is good for us.
We can swim in water. We can have a lot of fun.
We can take a bath in water. This is how we get nice and clean.
Water helps keep flowers nice and pretty.

Playing with Friends
I can do lots of things with my friends.
You can go down the slide.
You can run and jump.
You can make faces.
You can swing.
You can play with balloons.
You can blow bubbles.
You can play ball.
You can color.
You can read books.
You can play games.
What are you going to do with your friend?

Green Frogs
I like green frogs.
Hopkins is a green frog.
I play with little frogs.
Frogs love to swim.
Frogs live in ponds.
Frogs live in trees.
I like to draw frogs.
Frogs can jump.
I love green frogs.
I do not like toads.

Saige and Her Horse
Saige and Her Horse
I have a horse.
I put a saddle on my horse.
I can ride my horse.
My horse can run.
My horse can jump.
I love my horse.

What Can You Do?
What can you do?
Save the world?
Give to the poor?
Clean the Earth?
Save the lakes?
Peace?
Responsibility?
You have the answer!

Sun
The sun rises in the sky everyday.
The sun in the woods.
The sun on the water.
The sun in a field of flowers.
A bridge in the sun.
Sunflowers in the sun.
The sun sets on another day.

Busy Horses
See all the horses.
This horse is running.
This horse is laughing.
This horse is cold.
This horse is jumping.
This horse is eating.
This horse is relaxing.
This horse is playing ball.
This horse is scratching.
This horse is silly!
Horses are fun.

Bowling Today
Bowling Today
Ride the bus.
Get shoes.
Get ball.
Put ball on rack.
Sit and wait.
My turn.
Your turn.
Hit those pins.
Yeah!

Salad!
Salad!
First, I get out a bowl,
and a fork.
Then, I get out lettuce.
Then, I get out cucumbers and put them on top of the lettuce.
Next, I get out salad dressing.
Then, I pour dressing on my salad.
Finally, I eat my salad!

The Ocean
The Ocean
The ocean is made of water.
Water is a liquid.
Fish swim in the ocean.
Big fish swim in the ocean.
Manta rays swim in the ocean.
Whales swim in the ocean.
Sea turtles swim in the ocean.
The ocean is home to many animals.

The Colors of Frogs
Frogs are green.
Frogs are yellow.
Frogs are blue.
Frogs are red.

Frogs
This frog is green.
These frogs have red eyes. A frog closes its eyes to help swallow food.
This is a happy frog!
Can you catch a frog?
This is a tiny frog.
Frogs take in water through their skin. Swim, frog, swim!
Some frogs are poisonous. Look out!
Good bye, frogs!

Caring
Caring is nice.
Mom's care.
Give me a hand.
A good friend.
Dad's care.
I love my horses.
Daughter's care.
I love you.
Jesus loves you.
Walk with me.
Friends forever.

Running
I like to run.
My friend likes to run, too!
My friend likes to run on trails.
My friend is a faster runner than I am.
I practice to be a faster runner.
Maybe we will run together.
Maybe we will run a race one day!
We will save that for colder weather. :)

Sy the Tortoise
Tortoises live on land.
Many tortoises eat fruits and vegetables.
Dogs may chew on a turtle's shell. This is very dangerous for the turtle.
There are many species of tortoises. Many have unique patterns on their shells.
Baby Greek tortoises are the size of a quarter when they are born.
My tortoise, Sy, looks at me when I call his name.
He likes to go on long walks.
Tortoises can be great pets. They may live for fifty or more years!

Sunflower
We are going to plant a garden.
We need lots of seeds.
We must water the seeds.
Soon the seeds start to grow.
I can't wait for the flowers to bloom.
We're going to have a beautiful garden of sunflowers.

Flowers
There are all different kinds of flowers.
Sunflowers are yellow and grow toward the sun.
Flowers grow in fields.
Bees get nectar from flowers.
Flowers can be cut and put in vases.
Flowers can be big or small and come in many colors.
Flowers have petals and stems.
Flowers smell good and make me feel happy!

Rainbows
Rainbows are red, orange, yellow, green, blue and purple.
I see rainbows in the sky.
Rainbows can be found in many places.
Rainbows are like a ladder to heaven.

SUMMER!
Summer is being at the beach.
Summer is watching a butterfly.
Summer is fireworks popping in the sky.
Summer is juicy watermelon.
Summer is an icy popsicle.
Summer is tiring!

Monkeys
Monkey.
Small monkey.
Tiny monkey.
Little monkey on top of a big monkey.
Three monkeys.
Monkey on a finger.
Sleeping monkey.
Monkey family.
Monkey eating.
Monkey swinging.
Goodbye, monkey.

Tigers
Tigers
Tigers give hugs.
Tigers give kisses.
Tigers fight!

Happy Hamsters!
My brother got a hamster.
We got him some good food,
and a cool place to live.
But my brother's hamster got bored.
So we got him a toy to play with.
Then, he got lazy.
So we got him a wheel.
Soon, my brother's hamster got lonely.
We felt bad so we got him a friend.
And guess what?
Now,they've got each other and we've got happy hamsters.

Going to the Movies
It is movie day!
We are driving to the mall.
Many people want to see a movie.
The big screen is great!
Sometimes we get candy.
Other times we like popcorn.
But, the best part of the movie...
is hanging out with my friends!
The End!

ieiuni sumus!
ecce cibus!
simius dicit, "cibum quaero."
feles dicit, "ego quoque!"
canis dicit, "ego quoque!"
"eheu! mons maximus est!"
aeaeae! Monstrum est!!!!
iuva me!!!
etiam ieiuni sumus!
FINIS!!!!

Skateboarding
A skateboard has wheels.
You can do tricks on a skateboard.
There are different types of skateboards.
Grip tape makes a good grip on the board.
He is doing a trick.
He is jumping.
He is jumping and doing a hand grab.
He is doing a back flip.
He is doing a nose grind.
He is doing a board slide.
He is doing a trick off a table.
This is a kick front flip.
He is doing a grind.
He landed and bounced  back off.
These are tools.
These are boards.
These are different kinds of tools for grinding.

Reading II quoque, sunt, magna
Britannia et Hibernia sunt magnae īnsulae.
America
et Ītalia sunt terrae pulchrae.
Ītalia et America nōn sunt īnsulae.
Eurōpa multās īnsulās habet.
Eurōpa terrās pulchrās quoque habet.
Eurōpam laudāmus,
sed Americam amāmus.

Don't Forget....
It's a school day so don't forget to get up.
Don't forget to brush your teeth.
Don't forget to have breakfast.
Don't forget to get dressed.
Don't forget to pack your lunch.
Don't forget to pack your bag.
Don't forget to wait for the bus.
Don't forget to go to class.
Hey, wait. What is going on here?
Don't you remember?
It's Saturday. You can go back to bed.

Reading, pecunia, laudo, amo, casa
Fīlia tua
nōn multam pecūniam habet.
Sed agricola multam pecūniam habet.
Agricola pecūniam amat.
Agricola parvās fīliās habet.
Parvae filiae agricolam amant.
Agricola
parvās puellās amat.
Fīlia tua
quoque parvās puellās amat.
Agricola parvam casam habet. Parva casa est pulchra.
Parvam et pulchram casam laudāmus.
Magnam casam tuam nōn laudāmus.
Fīliae tuae casam tuam nōn amant.

Roads
There are cars on this road.
This is a winding road.
I really like roads.
These are heart roads.
This road is really red.
This road has white lines.
There is a horse and carriage on this road.
There is a yellow line on this road.
This road goes through grass.
I like the lights on this road.
This is a railroad.
There are two roads beside each other.
There are trees by this road.
This road has a bridge.
This road is covered with leaves.
This road is made of wood.
This road is wet.
This road has the word SLOW on it.
This road is made of gold.
I really like roads.

Corner Gas
I really like Corner Gas.
I really like Brent.
I like the name Brent Butt.
I really like "The Ruby."
This is Hank's truck.
This is Karen and Oscar.
This is the gas station.
The Howler is cool.
I really like hotels.
I really like the clouds.
I really like the elevator.
I really like the cafe.

Summer is...
Summer is clean.
Summer is swimming.
Summer is diving.
Summer is drinking.
Summer is a flower.
Summer is water.
Summer is passion.
Summer is twinkling.

Opificum
Agricola arat.
In vere seminat.
In aestate, metit.
In autumno, vindemiat.
Hieme, triturat in horreo.
Hortulanus plantat hortum.
Molitor molit in mola frumentum.
Pistor pinsit in furno panem e farina.
Pastor pascit gregem.
Secat foenum in prato.
Format e lacte caseos.
Lanio mactat pecudes.
Venator venatur feras.
Auceps volucres capit.
Piscator piscatur.
Coquus cibos parat.
Elixat in olla.
Assat in verubus.
In butyro frigit.
In craticula torret.
Fercula condimus aromatibus.
Potum in cella condimus.
Ex uvis fit vinum.
Cerevisia e dolio promitur.
Auriga jungit eqvos.
Exungit rotas.
Proficiscitur subito.
In coeno haeret.
Nauta navigat navi.
Nauclerus gubernat.
Remiges remigant.
Per fluvios vadamus...
aut utimur scaphis...
aut struimus pontes...
aut struimus ponticulos.
Viator it per semitam.
Viator cavet ne erret...
aut cadat in foveam.
Cedit retro, ubi neqvit pergere.
Mercator tractat merces.
Metuit damnum, qvaerit lucrum.
Moneta gestatur in crumena.
Qvoniam pecunia qvae debemus, solvimus.
Emimus et vendimus caro aut vili.
Nummi sunt diversi, qvisqve suo valore.
Netrix net e lino.
Textor texit linteum.
Sartor mensurat vestes.
Sutor suit calceos ex corio.
Pellio suit e pellibus pellicea.
Restio torqvet restim.
Figulus fingit fidelias.
Scriniarius sua scrinia glutinat.
Faber cudit.
Lignarius asciat securi.
Lignarius aedificat aedificium.
Ponit fundamentum.
Erigit parietes.
Operit tecto.
Debile non est firmum.
Debile fulcitur fulcris....
...ne ruat.
latinum.org.uk

Opificum - About Workmen
Agricola arat.
A farmer ploughs.
In vere seminat.
He sows in spring.
In aestate, metit.
He mows in summer.
In autumno, vindemiat.
In autumn, he gathers the vintage.
Hieme, triturat in horreo.
In wintertime, he threshes in the barn.
Hortulanus plantat hortum.
A gardener plants a garden.
Molitor molit in mola frumentum.
A miller grinds wheat in a mill.
Pistor pinsit in furno panem e farina.
A baker bakes bread from flour in an oven.
Pastor pascit gregem.
A shepherd feeds his flock.
Secat foenum in prato.
He cuts hay in a meadow.
Format e lacte caseos.
He makes cheeses from milk.
Lanio mactat pecudes.
A butcher slaughters animals.
Venator venatur feras.
A huntsman hunts wild animals.
Auceps volucres capit.
A bird-catcher catches birds.
Piscator piscatur.
A fisher fishes.
Coquus cibos parat.
A cook prepares food.
Elixat in olla.
He boils in a pot.
Assat in verubus.
He roasts on a spit.
In butyro frigit.
He fries in butter.
In craticula torret.
He broils on a grid-iron.
Fercula condimus aromatibus.
We season our food with spices.
Potum in cella condimus.
We lay up drink in a cellar.
Ex uvis fit vinum.
Wine is made from grapes.
Cerevisia e dolio promitur.
Beer is drawn from a tun. (small barrel)
Auriga jungit eqvos.
A waggoner yokes horses.
Exungit rotas.
He greases the wheels.
Proficiscitur subito.
He goes suddenly.
In coeno haeret.
He sticks in the mud.
Nauta navigat navi.
A sailor sails a ship.
Nauclerus gubernat.
A tugboat (pilot) guides.
Remiges remigant.
Rowers row.
Per fluvios vadamus...
We wade through rivers...
aut utimur scaphis...
or we use boats...
aut struimus pontes...
or we build bridges
aut struimus ponticulos.
or we build footbriges.
Viator it per semitam.
A traveller goes on a footpath.
Viator cavet ne erret...
A traveller takes care not to lose his way....
aut cadat in foveam.
or fall into a ditch.
Cedit retro, ubi neqvit pergere.
He retreats, when he cannot go ahead.
Mercator tractat merces.
A merchant deals in wares.
Metuit damnum, qvaerit lucrum.
He fears loss, and looks to profit.
Moneta gestatur in crumena.
Money is carried in a purse.
Qvoniam pecunia qvae debemus, solvimus.
Because, with money, we pay what we owe.
Emimus et vendimus caro aut vili.
We buy and we sell dear or cheap.
Nummi sunt diversi, qvisqve suo valore.
Coins are of different kinds, each has its own value.
Netrix net e lino.
A spinster spins from flax.
Textor texit linteum.
A weaver weaves linen.
Sartor mensurat vestes.
A tailor measures clothes.
Sutor suit calceos ex corio.
A shoemaker sews shoes from leather.
Pellio suit e pellibus pellicea.
A furrier makes coats from skins.
Restio torqvet restim.
A ropemaker twists rope.
Figulus fingit fidelias.
A potter throws jugs.
Scriniarius sua scrinia glutinat.
A joiner glues his desks.
Faber cudit.
A blacksmith forges.
Lignarius asciat securi.
A carpenter hews with an axe.
Lignarius aedificat aedificium.
A carpenter builds a building.
Ponit fundamentum.
He lays a foundation.
Erigit parietes.
He erects walls.
Operit tecto.
He covers it with a roof.
Debile non est firmum.
A ruin is not sound.
Debile fulcitur fulcris....
A ruin is propped with props....
...ne ruat.
...lest it fall down.
latinum.org.uk

Dogs in Action
Dogs are cool. This dog is swinging.
Dogs are athletic. This dog is playing fetch.
Dogs are funny. This dog has a silly mouth.
Dogs like sports. This dog likes tennis.
Dogs are sleepy. This one is sleeping.
Dogs like to drive. These dogs are going for a ride.
Dogs like holidays.These dogs are having Christmas.
Dogs are friendly.  This dog is shaking hands.
Dogs like food.  This dog is shopping.
I love dogs and all the things they do. How about you?

The Lost Dogs
The Lost Dogs
There was a dog.
She was very happy.
There was a lightning storm.
The dog was really scared.
The dog ran away
from home.
The dog found a friend!
A baker gave them a cupcake to
share.
In the forest...they found a child!
The child took very good care of the dogs.
They played all day.
Then the child took them home.
The dogs are happy in their new home.

A Little Dog with a Long Name
I decided I wanted a dog.
Mom and I went to the animal shelter to pick one out.
The dog we picked out was a Chihuahua.
Dad decided to call her Chiquita like the bananas.
Mom changed it to Senorita Chiquita Chihuahua.
We soon discovered she was actually a Rat Terrier.
She bounced around her pen like a piece of popcorn.
The veterinarian knew that her real name was Cassie.
This is me and my dog, Senorita Chiquita Chihuahua, the Rat Terrier named Popcorn, also known as Cassie.

Cheerleaders
This is  a cheerleader.
This is a girl.
I like girls.
Girls are fun.
Girls are cute.
Girls are funny.
Girls like bowling.
Girls can ride motorcycles.
Cheerleaders can jump.

Reading III: Patria Mea, Patria Tua
Patriam meam amō,
et patriam tuam amō.
Patria mea est America,
et patria tua est Ītalia.
Patriam meam amās,
et patriam tuam amās.
Patria tua est terra pulchra.

Reading II: Eurōpa, America
Eurōpam amās,
sed fīlia tua Eurōpam nōn amat.
Cūr fīlia tua Eurōpam nōn amat?
Cūr fīlia tua Americam amat?
America est patria, sed Eurōpa nōn est patria.

Beach Days
What a beautiful sunset!
A crab frolics on the sand.
Dolphins swim in the water.
Uh uh! Will the jellyfish sting?
A starfish swims along.

Four Seasons
In spring, there are lots of beautiful flowers.
We feel happy.
In summer, there is lots of sunlight.
We can swim at the beach.
In fall, there are a lot of red leaves.
We can read lots of books.
In winter, there is a lot of snow.
We can make a snowman.
There are four season in a year. The weather gives lots of things to us.

Reading: Agricola, Fīlia, Casa
Agricola fīliam habet.
Fīlia est parva.
Parva fīlia agricolam amat.
Agricola parvam fīliam amat.
Agricola casam pulchram habet,
sed casa nōn est magna.
Casa mea nōn est magna.
Sed parvam casam meam amō.

Simple Techniques for Calming Down
Sometimes I get stressed.
When I do, I can meditate.
Or stretch.
Maybe take a break to rest.
I might squeeze a ball.
Or simply count to 10.
Sometimes, I go for a walk.
Then, I feel calm again.
Now I am ready to work!

PATRIA TUA
Ītalia nōn est patria mea,
et Ītalia nōn est patria tua.
America est patria tua.
America est patria mea.
America nōn est īnsula.
Sed Britannia est īnsula,
et Hibernia est īnsula.
Hibernia est magna īnsula.
Hibernia nōn est patria tua.
Britannia nōn est patria tua.
Ītalia nōn est patria tua.
Sed Ītalia est pulchra.
Britannia est īnsula magna et pulchra.
Hibernia est īnsula magna et pulchra.
America est terra magna et pulchra.

Morbidorum - Caveat Lector!!!
Morbidorum
Jejunus appetit escas.
Satur fastidit.
Delicatus deligit.
Sanus si bene, valet.
Aegrota aegrotat.
Cui dolet is qveritur.
Morbi sine dolore periculosi sunt.
Et plerumqve lethales.
Febris redit per vices.
Apoplexia enecat cito.
Scabies facit pruritum.
Ulcus scatet tabo.
Recens vulnus sanatur.
Qvicqvid putret, sordet.
Robustus multum ferre potest.
Tener parum suffere.
Caecus non videt.
Surdus non audit.
Mutus non loqvitur.
Tactu caret nemo, nisi paraliticus.
Claudus claudicat.
Mutilo deest aliqvid.
John Amos Comenius wrote this in 1657.

Īnsulae
Britannia est īnsula.
Hibernia est īnsula.
Ītalia nōn est īnsula.
Eurōpa nōn est īnsula.
America nōn est īnsula.
Britannia nōn est īnsula parva.
Hibernia nōn est īnsula parva.
Jamaica est īnsula parva.
Australia nōn est īnsula parva.

Morbidorum - warning - has disturbing medical pictures!
Morbidorum
Of the Diseased
Jejunus appetit escas.
Someone who is fasting, craves (really wants it bad!) food.
Satur fastidit.
Someone who is full, loathes (does not like) it.
Delicatus deligit.
A dainty person picks.
Sanus si bene, valet.
Someone who is fit, is in good health.
Aegrota aegrotat.
A sick person is sickly.
Cui dolet is qveritur.
He that is in misery, complains.
Morbi sine dolore periculosi sunt.
Diseases that have no symptoms are dangerous.
Et plerumqve lethales.
And for the most part, are deadly.
Febris redit per vices.
A fever comes and goes.
Apoplexia enecat cito.
A stroke kills suddenly.
Scabies facit pruritum.
Mange causes itchiness.
Ulcus scatet tabo.
An ulcer leaks septic blood.
Recens vulnus sanatur.
A fresh wound is healed.
Qvicqvid putret, sordet.
Something that is rotten, stinks.
Robustus multum ferre potest.
A strong man can tolerate (bear) much.
Tener parum suffere.
A tender person cannot cope with much.
Caecus non videt.
A blind person does not see.
Surdus non audit.
A deaf person does not hear.
Mutus non loqvitur.
A mute person does not speak.
Tactu caret nemo, nisi paraliticus.
Nobody lacks the sense of touch, except for a paralysed person.
Claudus claudicat.
A lame person has a halting step.
Mutilo deest aliqvid.
A maimed person is lacking something.
John Amos Comenius wrote this in 1657.

Worms
What are we going to do with worms?
These candy worms are good to eat.
These worms are not tasty looking. Yuck!
The bird thinks this worm is delicious!
This fish just ate a worm on a hook and got caught.
I think this boy does not like worms. What do you think?
These worms are the only ones I would eat!
We are going to put our worms in the compost bin.
We will feed them food scraps...
like banana peels,
apple cores,
eggshells,
coffee grounds,
and coffee filters.
We will shred paper for them.
We will put the paper in the bin.
We will save newspapers.
The newspapers will go...
in the bin.
The worms will eat the food and paper,
and turn it into soil for gardens.

How We Talk
Some kids talk in different ways. She talks by signing.
Some kids talk in different ways. He talks by touching a button.
Some kids talk in different ways. She talks by writing.
Some kids talk in different ways. He talks with his eyes.
Some kids talk in different ways. I talk with a device.
Some kids talk in different ways.  We all have something to say.

The Bull and the Mouse
The Bull and the Mouse
A bull was lying on the ground.
All of a sudden, a mouse...
bit the bull on the leg.
The bull charged...
and chased the little mouse,
using his horns.
But the bull could not catch the mouse!
The mouse was able to hide...
under the grass.
The bull could not see the mouse...
because it was hiding in the grass.
The mouse then said to the bull:
"Being bigger is not always better!"
"Even though I am a tiny mouse,
and you are a very big bull,
you could not catch me."
The moral of the story:
Even if you are a bull,
watch out for the little mouse!

The Circus
What will we see at the circus?
What will we see at the circus? We will see ONE circus master.
What will we see at the circus? We will see TWO circus elephants.
What will we see at the circus? We will see THREE circus clowns.
What will we see at the circus? We will see FOUR circus tigers.
What will we see at the circus? We will see FIVE circus dogs.
What will we see at the circus? We will see SIX circus acrobats.
What will we see at the circus? We will see lots of people having fun!

Star Wars
This is Yoda! He is a master Jedi!
I like Yoda. Do you like Yoda?
Yoda is a good guy.
Dark Vader is Yoda's enemy.
Dark Vader is a bad guy.
Do you know how long Dark Vader lived because I don't?

Fish
A jellyfish has stingers.
A seagull is flying in the sky.
The whale shark is eating a lot of fish.
A school of fish swim together.
The sea turtle is diving in the ocean.
The jellyfish is upside down.
A shark is hungry.
The sawfish has  a long nose.

Rudimenta Grammaticae 4
Sunt Latini Casus Sex.
There are six cases in Latin.
Look in Rudimenta Grammaticae 3 for more information.
We will study five of them now.
Ecce nominativus: a/er-us-um/clones trax/us/es
Scisne?
Do you know it ?
Ecce Genitivus: ae/i/is/us/ei
Scisne?
Ecce Dativus:
ae/o/i/ui/ei
Scisne?
Ecce Accusativus:
am/um/em(im)/um/em
Scisne?
Ecce Ablativus:
a/o/e (i)/u/e
Scisne?
latinum.org.uk

Plurals: FELES
FELES VESTEM GERIT.
Feles cenant.
Feles
dormiunt.
Feles nictat.
Feles bibit lac.
Feles mortua est.

Plurals: cuniculus te salutat
Cuniculus te salutat.
Cuniculi te salutant.
Cuniculus cenat.
Cuniculi cenant.
Cuniculus te audit.
Cuniculi te audiunt.
Cuniculus stertit.
Cuniculi stertunt.

Football
I like football.
This is a football.
This is a field.
This is a team huddle.
My favorite team is the Texas Longhorns.
The team colors are orange and white.
Colt McCoy is my favorite guy.
This is a Longhorn.
This is a flag of the Texas Longhorns.
This is game day.
Hook 'Em Horns!

Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner
Sometimes I like donuts for breakfast...
but mostly I like oatmeal.
Sometimes I like grilled cheese for lunch...
but mostly I like salad.
Sometimes I like a hamburger for dinner...
but mostly I like fish.
Sometimes I like to eat unhealthy...
but mostly I like to eat healthy.

Taurus et Mus, by the “Trinity Master” (paraphrased)
Taurus et Mus, by the “Trinity Master” (paraphrased)
Taurus ...
... humī ...
strātus fuerat;
Mūs ...
... forte ...
...crūra momordit.
Ille, petēns hostem...
... cornibus ruit.
Hic...
... nusquam cernī potuit.
Frustrā, bōs cornua vibrat.
Dēnsa herba tamen...
... tegit, quem petit.
Inquit:
"Nē parvula spernās."
"Impūne, Mūs tē lacessō."
"Māximus...
... ā minimō...
...laesus erās."
Versiones aliae: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/10

Taurus et Mus, by the "Trinity Master" (elegiac)
Taurus et Mus, by the "Trinity Master" (elegiac)
Strātus humī fuerat Taurus; Mūs forte momordit
Crūra: petēns hostem
cornibus ille ruit.
Hic nusquam cernī potuit: bōs cornua frustrā
Vibrat: dēnsa tamen,
quem petit, herba tegit.
"Parvula nē spernās; tē Mūs impūne lacessō,
Ā minimō laesus
māximus," inquit," erās."
Versiones aliae: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/10

Taurus et Mus: Repetite
Taurus et Mus
___ ___ ___
Taurus et Mus
Taurus ...
... humi ...
stratus est.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Taurus humi stratus est.
Mus ...
... forte ...
... Tauri crura momórdit.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Mus forte Tauri crura momórdit.
Taurus ruit...
... et petit hostem suum ...
... córnibus.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Taurus ruit, et petit hostem suum córnibus.
Sed córnua vibrat frustra!
___ ___ ___ ___!
Sed córnua vibrat frustra!
Murem...
Taurus cérnere non potest...
___ ___ ___ ___ ___...
Murem Taurus cérnere non potest...
... quod herba densa...
... Murem tegit.
...___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
... quod herba densa Murem tegit.
Sic salvus, Mus Tauro dicit:
___ ___, ___ ___ ___:
Sic salvus, Mus Tauro dicit:
"Ne párvula spernas!"
"___ ___ ___!"
"Ne párvula spernas!"
"Ego, qui sum parvulus Mus...
___,  ___ ___ ___ ___...
"Ego, qui sum párvulus Mus...
...te impúne lacésso, quamvis grandis sis."
...___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___."
...te impúne lacésso, quamvis grandis sis."
"Tu máximus...
... a me, mínimo...
... laesus es."
"___ ___ ___ ___, ___, ___ ___."
"Tu máximus a me, mínimo, laesus es."
Fábula docet:
___ ___:
Fábula docet:
Quamvis Taurus sis,
cave parvulum Murem!
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___!
Quamvis Taurus sis, cave párvulum Murem!
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/10

Taurus et Mus: The Bull and The Mouse
Taurus et Mus
The Bull and The Mouse
Taurus et Mus
Taurus ...
... humi ...
stratus est.
A bull was lying on the ground.
Taurus humi stratus est.
Mus ...
... forte ...
... Tauri crura momórdit.
By chance, a mouse bit the bull on the legs.
Mus forte Tauri crura momórdit.
Taurus ruit...
... et petit hostem suum ...
... córnibus.
The bull charges and chases his enemy with his horns.
Taurus ruit et petit hostem suum córnibus.
Sed córnua vibrat frustra!
But the bull shakes his horns in vain!
Sed córnua vibrat frustra!
Murem...
Taurus cérnere non potest...
The bull cannot see the mouse...
Murem Taurus cérnere non potest...
... quod herba densa...
... Murem tegit.
... because thick grass covers the mouse.
... quod herba densa Murem tegit.
Sic salvus, Mus Tauro dicit:
Safe and sound, the mouse says to the bull:
Sic salvus, Mus Tauro dicit:
"Ne párvula spernas!"
"Don't scorn things that are small!"
"Ne párvula spernas!"
"Ego, qui sum párvulus Mus...
te impúne lacésso, quamvis grandis sis."
"I, a small mouse, can get away with hurting you, even though you are big."
Ego, qui sum párvulus Mus, te impúne lacésso, quamvis grandis sis."
"Tu máximus...
... a me, mínimo...
... laesus es."
"You, a big bull, have been wounded by me, a tiny mouse."
Tu máximus a me, mínimo, laesus es."
Fábula docet:
The moral of the story:
Fábula docet:
Quamvis Taurus sis,
cave párvulum Murem!
Even if you are a bull, watch out for the little mouse!
Quamvis Taurus sis, cave párvulum Murem!
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/10

Taurus et Mus
Taurus et Mus
Taurus ...
... humi ...
stratus est.
Mus ...
... forte ...
Tauri crura momórdit.
Taurus ruit...
... et petit hostem suum ...
... córnibus.
Sed córnua vibrat frustra!
Murem...
Taurus cérnere non potest...
... quod herba densa...
... Murem tegit.
Sic salvus, Mus Tauro dicit:
"Ne párvula spernas!"
"Ego, qui sum párvulus Mus...
te impúne lacésso, quamvis grandis sis."
"Tu máximus...
... a me, mínimo...
... laesus es."
Fábula docet:
Quamvis Taurus sis,
cave párvulum Murem!
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/10

Airplanes
Airplanes fly,
in the sky.
Zoom! Zoom!
Airplanes fly,
in the sky.
Zoom! Zoom!
Round and round the airplanes go,
flying high,
or flying low.
Shh! I think I hear one.
Zoom!!!

My Alphabet
A is for apple.
B is for bird.
C is for carrot.
D is for dog.
E is for elephant.
F is for frog.
G is for grape.
H is for hat.
I is for ice cream.
J is for jacket.
K is for kite.
L is for lion.
M if for mouse.
N is for noodle.
O is for owl.
P is for pig.
Q is for queen.
R is for rabbit.
S is for sock.
T is for tree.
U is for umbrella.
V is for violin.
W is for watch.
X is for xylophone.
Y is for yo yo.
Z is for zebra.

That Little Map
You don't have to fly,
to know the sky.
You don't have to dive in,
to know the water.
You don't have to go to the top,
to like the ride down.
You don't have to go far,
to find a new home.
There is something you must do.
Find that little map inside of you.
Then follow it.

Then Clean It!
Don't make it.
Don't tidy it.
Don't fold it.
Don't wash it.
Don't see it.
Don't open it.
Don't sort it.
Don't like it?
Then clean it!

Princesses
The princesses are beautiful.
Here are 3 princesses.
This is Snow White.
These girls are dressed like a princess.
This cake is a princess cake.
I have this movie.  It is "Beauty and the Beast."

What is a Healthy Snack?
This IS a healthy snack.
This IS NOT a healthy snack.
This IS a healthy snack.
This IS NOT a healthy snack.
This IS a healthy snack.
This IS NOT a healthy snack.
This IS a healthy snack.
This IS NOT a healthy snack.
I love healthy snacks!

My Pet, My Friend
I love you because you walk with me.
I love you because you have good taste.
I love you because you play with me.
I love you because you blend in.
I love you because you watch out for me.
I love you because we like the same stuff.
I love you because you swim with me.
I love you because you look at me funny.
Because you are my pet...
Because you are my friend...
I love you.

Types of Animals
A lizard is a reptile. It has scales.
A frog is an amphibian. It has wet skin.
A shark is a fish. It has fins.
A lion is a mammal. It has fur.
A parrot is a bird. It has feathers.

Rainbow Fruit Salad
Fruit is a rainbow of colors!
See the blue berries!
See the purple grapes!
See the red strawberries!
See the orange apricots!
See the yellow lemons!
See the green melons!
I love all the colors in my fruit salad!

Donuts
There are many donuts in the box.
Michael loves sprinkles on his donuts.
The boy is taking a big bite. Yum! Yum!
Donuts have icing and sprinkles.
Cameron and Michael both like Krispy Kreme donuts.

A Baby Smile
What do babies do all day?
They do sleep and they need a lot of it.
They do eat. It helps them to grow.
They do cry. It's how we know they are unhappy.
They do make a mess. Then we have to clean them up.
They do like to read. It's how they learn new things.
They do pee. We have to change them many times a day.
Babies make us do a lot of things for them.
There is little  time to rest.
Do you know why we do it all?
It's simple-- to see a baby smile.

Care of Me
I want to,
but this is better for me.
It looks like fun,
but I'll stay here.
I can have a little,
but I should have a lot of this.
It is okay to watch,
but this is good for my brain.
I want to go nuts,
but I need to take care of myself.
I only have one body.
I only have one brain.
I will take care of me.

Big, Big World! Big, Big Girl!
Sometimes, you may feel you are too small to do anything.
You may feel your enemy is much bigger than you.
Other people may push you around.
You may say, "I'm too small to protect myself!"
I'm a little girl in the big, big world!"
But,
THINK about it again. Is it true?
LOOK around
and smile!
Stop being alone.
Listen to music,
play with your friend.
You CAN fly if you want (but only for two seconds)!
You're a big girl in a big, big world!!

My Favorite Cartoon and Movie
I like to watch "Sailor Moon."
I like to watch "Wedding Peach."
I like to watch "Popeye."
I like to watch "Magic Knight Ray 
Earth."
I like to "Inspector Gadget."
I like to watch "Beetle Juice."
I like to watch "The Mask."
I like to watch "Xanadu."
I like to watch "Grease."
I like to watch the "Wiggles."
I like to watch "Star Trek."
I like  to watch "Men in Black."
I like to watch 
"Movie Magic."
I like to watch "Around the Twist."
I like to  watch "Humpty Dumpty."

Peppa Pig
This is Peppa Pig.
Peppa Pig likes laughing.
Peppa Pig likes painting.
Peppa Pig likes flowers.
Peppa Pig likes flying.
Peppa Pig likes you.

Rudimenta Grammaticae - ESSE - 3
You need to know where sum, eram, fui and the others go.
Sum sonat 'I am'.
Sum means 'I am.'
Here is the verb chart in English.
Here is the same chart, but in Latin.
Can you fill it in from memory ?
Here it is, with the second person (you)
Here it is with the third person. (he or she)
sum, es, _ _ _
eram, eras, _ _ _ _
fui,fuisti, _ _ _ _
fueram, fueras, _ _ _ _ _ _
ero, eris, _ _ _  _
sim, sis, _ _ _
essem, esses, _ _ _ _ _
fuerim, fueris, _ _ _ _ _ _
fuissem, fuisses, _ _ _ _ _ _ _
fuero, fueris, _ _ _ _ _ _
Do you know it all  from memory yet?
Variatur verbum...
A verb is changed...
per tres personas, ut...
with 3 'persons', such as...
EGO sum
I am
EGO _ _ _
TU es
YOU are
TU _ _
ILLE est
HE is
ILLE _ _ _
ILLA est
SHE is
ILLA _ _ _
Et sic verbum dicitur PRIMAE personae
And so a verb is said to be OF THE FIRST person.
et sic verbum dicitur SECUNDAE personae.
And so a verb is said to be OF THE SECOND person
Et sic verbum dicitur TERTIAE personae.
And so a verb is said to be OF THE THIRD person.

Rudimenta Grammaticae - ESSE - 2
We have looked at I am, I was etc.
Now we will look at you are, you were, etc.
Here is the verb chart in English.
Here is the same chart, but in Latin.
Can you fill it in from memory yet?
Here it is, with the second person (you)
I am, you are, THEN I was, you were, and so on.
Look for patterns, to help you learn it.
Ecce! sis, eris, fueris, fueris form a pattern.
which ones end in -es?
There are other patterns. Can you spot them?
Do you know it from memory yet?

Ellis Island
When I arrived in America...
our ship stopped at Ellis Island.
We had to wait in long lines.
The big hall was very crowded.
I saw babies from Holland.
I saw an old man from Greece.
There was a little girl from Sweden,
and three sisters from Guadeloupe.
There were so many languages as we shared a meal!
Mothers and their children waited.
Whole families waited.
She told me her brothers would meet her.
She was looking forward to a reunion, too.
We all faced the health inspectors.
His tattoos were a bit shocking!
When we came to America...
we came with hope.
We came for work.
We brought our stories.
We brought our skills.
We remembered our old homes.
We were curious about our new home.
When we came to America...
we played music to remind us of old days.
We danced to celebrate new beginnings.
We came alone.
We came in families.
We came to Ellis Island...
when we arrived in America.
The photos in this book are from the New York Public Library.

The Colors of the Ocean
I see the ocean.
I like to swim in the ocean.
When I go swimming I see...
a red jellyfish,
an orange clownfish,
a yellow seahorse,
a green sea turtle,
a blue crab,
a purple starfish,
a brown stingray,
a black orca,
a white beluga,
and a gray shark.
I see the beautiful colors of the ocean!

The Farmer and Hercules
The Farmer and Hercules
This is a farmer.
The farmer has a wagon.
This is mud.
The road is very muddy.
The farmer's wagon gets  stuck in the mud.
The farmer is very frustrated.
He sinks down into the mud...
and begs the gods to help him:
"Oh Hercules, I beg you: listen to my prayers!"
"Please come help me...
because my wagon is stuck in the mud!"
From the sky...
Hercules sees everything.
He sees the wagon in the mud...
and he sees the lazy farmer.
The god speaks in a booming voice:
"Get up and push!"
"It's up to you to move the wagon!"
"When you make an effort, then Hercules will help you."
The moral of the story:
God helps those that help themselves.

Rusticus et Hercules: Repetite!
Rústicus et Hércules
___ ___ ___
Rústicus et Hércules
Ecce Rústicus!
___ ___!
Ecce Rústicus!
Rústicus currum habet.
___ ___ ___.
Rústicus currum habet.
Ecce lutum!
___ ___!
Ecce lutum!
In via, est lutum profúndum.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___
In via, est lutum profúndum.
In via lutósa, Rústici currus omnino haeret.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
In via lutósa, Rústici currus omníno haeret.
Rústicus valde frustrátus est!
___ ___ ___ ___.
Rústicus valde frustrátus est!
In lutum súbsidit...
___ ___ ___...
In lutum súbsidit...
... et Deum implórat:
... ___ ___ ___
... et Deum implórat:
"O Hércules, te implóro: audi mea vota!
"___ ___, ___ ___: ___ ___ ___!"
"O Hércules, te implóro: audi mea vota!
"Propítius ádiuva me...
"___ ___ ___...
"Propítius ádiuva me...
... quod currus meus in luto haeret!"
... ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___!"
... quod currus meus in luto haeret!"
De caelo...
___ ___...
De caelo...
... Hércules ómnia videt.
... ___ ___ ___.
... Hércules ómnia videt.
Currum in luto videt...
___ ___ ___ ___...
Currum in luto videt...
... et rústicum pigrum.
... ___ ___ ___.
... et rústicum pigrum.
Deus íntonat:
___ ___:
Deus íntonat:
"Nunc surge, O piger, et ágita equum!"
"___ ___, ___ ___, ___ ___ ___!"
"Nunc surge, O piger, et ágita equum!"
"Currum impélle víribus tuis!"
"___ ___ ___ ___!"
"Currum impélle víribus tuis!"
"Ádmove manus - tum demum Hércules tibi propítius erit."
"___ ___ - ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___."
"Ádmove manus - tum demum Hércules tibi propítius erit."
Fábula docet:
___ ___:
Fábula docet:
Otiósa vota Deus non audit.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Otiósa vota Deus non audit.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/9

Rusticus et Hercules: The Farmer and Hercules
Rústicus et Hércules
The Farmer and Hercules
Rústicus et Hércules
Ecce Rústicus!
This is a farmer.
Ecce Rústicus!
Rústicus currum habet.
The farmer has a wagon.
Rústicus currum habet.
Ecce lutum!
This is mud.
Ecce lutum!
In via est lutum profúndum.
In the road, the mud is deep.
In via est lutum profúndum.
In via lutósa, Rústici currus omníno haeret.
In the muddy road, the farmer's wagon gets completely stuck.
In via lutósa, Rústici currus omníno haeret.
Rústicus valde frustrátus est!
The farmer is very frustrated.
Rústicus valde frustrátus est!
In lutum súbsidit...
He sinks down into the mud...
In lutum súbsidit...
... et Deum implórat:
... and begs God to help him:
... et Deum implórat:
"O Hércules, te implóro: audi mea vota!
"O Hercules, I beg you: listen to my prayers!"
"O Hércules, te implóro: audi mea vota!
"Propítius ádiuva me...
"Kindly come help me...
"Propítius ádiuva me...
... quod currus meus in luto haeret!"
... because my wagon is stuck in the mud!"
... quod currus meus in luto haeret!"
De caelo...
From the sky...
De caelo...
... Hércules ómnia videt.
... Hercules sees everything.
... Hércules ómnia videt.
Currum in luto videt...
He sees the wagon in the mud,
Currum in luto videt...
... et rústicum pigrum.
... and he sees the lazy farmer.
... et rústicum pigrum.
Deus íntonat:
The god speaks in a booming voice:
Deus íntonat:
"Nunc surge, O piger, et ágita equum!"
"Get up now, you lazy man, and drive your horse!"
"Nunc surge, O piger, et ágita equum!"
"Currum impélle víribus tuis!"
"Push the wagon with all your strength!"
"Currum impélle víribus tuis!"
"Ádmove manus - tum demum Hércules tibi propítius erit."
"Set your hands to the task - that's when Hercules will help you out."
"Ádmove manus - tum demum Hércules tibi propítius erit."
Fábula docet:
The moral of the story:
Fábula docet:
Otiósa vota Deus non audit.
God does not listen to lazy prayers.
Otiósa vota Deus non audit.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/9

Rusticus et Hercules
Rústicus et Hércules
Ecce Rústicus!
Rústicus currum habet.
Ecce lutum!
In via est lutum profúndum.
In via lutósa, Rústici currus omníno haeret.
Rústicus valde frustrátus est!
In lutum súbsidit...
... et Deum implórat:
"O Hércules, te implóro: audi mea vota!
"Propítius ádiuva me...
... quod currus meus in luto haeret!"
De caelo...
... Hércules ómnia videt.
Currum in luto videt...
... et rústicum pigrum.
Deus íntonat:
"Nunc surge, O piger, et ágita equum!"
"Currum impélle víribus tuis!"
"Ádmove manus - tum demum Hércules tibi propítius erit."
Fábula docet:
Otiósa vota Deus non audit.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/9

So Gee's Story
My name is So Gee. I was born in Nigeria.
I like to say "car wash."
I like the Kanye West song. "Heartless."
I really like to dance.
I really like to sing, "Happy Birthday."
I also like Buck O'Neil's version of "Take Me Out to the Ball Game."
I like to go to baseball games at McCoy Stadium with my friends.
I like the song, "Boom Boom Pow," by the Black Eyed Peas.

Strong Women
Strong Women
In the past, women were obedient and they were suppressed.
But present day women are different.
They wear short clothes,
and adorn themselves.
Also, they enjoy sports,
and are interested in many.
Now women are active and open.

Korean Food
Korean traditional food.
This is kim-chi. It is very spicy.
This is bulgogi.
Many kinds of spices are mixed into Bulgogi.  It becomes very delicious.
This is Bibimbab. It has many vegetables and hot peppers.
This is Samgyetang.
It is traditionally eaten in the summer.
This is Mae-woon tang, a refreshing hot & spicy fish soup.
This is Cheonggukjang jjigae,
soup made from strong-smelling thick soybean paste.
This is rice-cake soup.
It is the most typical food eaten on New Year's Day.
I love Korean food!

The Earth
The Earth
We live on the Earth.
We can only live on the Earth, no other planet.
The Earth has air. So, we can breath on the Earth.
Nature is very important to the Earth.
We can harm the Earth through pollution.
As a result, our Earth will disappear soon.
If you don't want it to disappear, then you have to take care of the Earth.
We have to  love and protect the Earth.
We can always be happy when the Earth is clean.

Studying
How do people study?
Can people study while they are listening to their favorite music?
Is it good to look for my own place to study?
The best method to study is to note things down.
It is good to study with friends because it is not boring.
Looking for information from the computer is a nice method.
I rest, and I also study with a comfortable mind.
Don't think your studies are difficult.
When I am confident of my studies, I can perform well.

Airplanes
The airplane is flying in the air.
This airplane is as high as the clouds!
Another airplane is putting his wheels out to land.
Lots of airplanes are flying over the water.
This airplane is going through the clouds.
This airplane is about to land.
The airplane is on the runway.
The airplane is big.  I love airplanes.

I Want...
I love music.
I want to be an honorable musician.
So I need a lot of practice.
I want to be a hardworking person.
I want to challenge my life.
Lazy people can't do anything.
Although there is frustration, I don't give up.
I want to be a hard worker.
I will make the impossible possible.

Study
We always find a way of learning.
We study very hard.
Studying is very complicated.
We will start to understand.
Sometimes, we also feel bored and annoyed.
We are happy because of learning.

Happy
The happiness of Christmas.
Happy with friends.
Lovers' happiness.
Happy to be married.
Happy the baby is born.
Raising a happy baby.
Happy memories of family trips.
Happiness in old age.

SMILE
I like to smile.
I smile when I'm happy.
I smile when I'm angry.
I even smile when I'm sad.
When I force a smile, I feel happy sooner.
I may look like a foolish person,
but crying is a terrible thing to me.
So I always smile.

Rainbow Friends by Sung Hyun Seo
Rainbow Friends by Sung Hyun Seo
In the sky, the birds sing different songs.
In the field, all the flowers are different colors.
Some friends like dancing.
I like singing.
Together we make a team. We make a beautiful harmony.
We are all different. We are all beautiful.
The world is beautiful.
The world has many colors like a rainbow in the sky.

Cell Phone
We use a cell phone almost everyday.
There are many kinds of cell phones.
There are also many functions in the cell phone.
We can talk to people by cell phone.
We can send text messages to people by cell phone.
We can take pictures by cell phone.
We can listen to music by cell phone.
I think a cell phone is very useful in our lives.

Love
A person has many emotions...
anger, happiness, sadness, worried, nervous,and so on.
From among these, God gave to us,
the emotion of
love.
I think love is the most beautiful emotion.
Sometimes, it is very sad.
Sometimes, it is very happy.
These days, the world is becoming dirty.
We have to find innocence and love in the world.

WW II:  Women Working
In 1941, the United States went to war.
Many American men went overseas to fight.
Many American women went to work in factories.
They built planes.
They used powerful hand tools.
They worked on the smallest details.
They worked on huge machines.
Some women wore uniforms.
Some women wore pants and bandannas.
This welder wore a mask and heavy gloves.
This woman operated a lathe.
This woman painted airplane wings.
This woman was a mechanic.
Some workers handled delicate electronics.
These workers ate lunch together.
Factory work was hard but important.
During World War II, many women served the war effort.
All the photos in this book are from the Library of Congress.

Friends
Classmates are friends.
Girls are friends.
Boys are friends.
Teachers are friends.
Teammates are friends.
Pets are friends.
I love my friends!

My Summer
We went camping.
We went to the beach.
We went swimming at the pool.
We went hiking.
We went to the zoo.
We went fishing.
We went to the park.
We went to Sea World!

I Like Pets
I like dogs.
I like cats.
I like fish.
I like birds.
I like lizards.
I like mice.
I like snakes.
I like pets.

Animals in the Ocean
Many animals live in the ocean.
Starfish live in the ocean.
Fish live in the ocean.
Jellyfish live in the ocean.
Sea horses live in the ocean.
Coral reefs live in the ocean.
Dolphins live in the ocean.
Whales live in the ocean.

Lonely People
This is for all the lonely people,
Thinking that life has passed them by.
Don't give up until you drink,
From the silver cup,
And ride that highway in the sky.
This is for all the single people,
Thinking that love has left them dry.
You never know until you try.
Well, I'm on my way.
Yes, I'm back to stay.
Well, I'm on my way back home.

Yellow
The sun is yellow.
The van is yellow.
The fish is yellow.
The ducks are yellow.
The crab is yellow.
The lemon is yellow.
The sunset is yellow.
The sunflower is yellow.
The rose is yellow.
The snake is yellow.
The bee is yellow.
The iPod is yellow.
There are many colors. I like yellow!

Mike's Trip to Wrestling
Last April, I went to see WWE Backlash.
The show was at the Dunkin' Donuts Center in Providence.
I got to see my favorite wrestler, CM Punk, wrestle Kane.
My friends took pictures of the Titan Tron.
The Big Show choked and slammed Cena through a light.
Edge became the new World Heavyweight Champion.

Recess!
Going to recess.
After lunch, we go to recess.
A lot of the children play on the playground equipment.
It is fun to play on the playground equipment.
Everyone should play safely.
When the whistle blows, that means it is time to line up and go inside.
I will try to line up as soon as the whistle blows.
This will make my teachers happy.
After I line up, I will try to stay in line.
Everyone will be proud of me!

Summer Things
Summer Fun!
Making waves!
Water slide fun.
A nice, cool treat.
Young summer love.
Sisters in the sand.
Family beach fun.
Summer sunset.

Jumping
I can jump in the air.
I can jump off the swing.
I can jump with my friend.
I can jump on the bed.
I can jump in the grass.
I can jump in the water.
I can jump rope.
I can jump when I play.

Being Nice
People are sad when I'm not nice.
Biting friends is not nice.
Biting food is nice.
Biting hands is not nice.
Biting bubbles is nice.
Pinching noses is not nice.
Pinching flowers is nice.
Pinching bottoms is not nice.
Pinching pages in a book is nice.

Summer
I found a starfish on the beach.
The sun sets over the sea.
She likes to walk in the water.
I like to eat lollipops.
I went to Disney World in June.
I learned to swim this summer.
Boy, do I love to eat ice cream!
Bubbles, bubbles, everywhere.

Beach Day
I am going to the beach today!
I like to swim at the beach.
I like to play in the sand at the beach.
I like to find crabs at the beach.
I like to find sea stars at the beach.
I like to laugh with my friends at the beach.
When the sun goes down, I leave the beach.

Going to School
Going to School
I go to 2nd grade almost every day.
My 2nd grade teacher's name is Ms. Hardaway.
There are a lot of kids in my class.
We do a lot of things like handwriting, math games, centers and shared reading.
Sometimes my teacher, Ms. Hardaway, needs to tell the whole class something.
She gets our attention by clapping her hands.
When I hear clapping, I'm supposed to clap, too.
Then I'm supposed to listen to Ms. Hardaway.
All of the kids do this.
It is okay to do this.
When I hear clapping, I will try to clap, too.
I will try to listen to Ms. Hardaway.
Then I will know what to do next.
Ms. Hardaway will be happy when I clap and listen.

Summer Fun
They played in the water.
Watching the sun set over the water.
Looking at fireworks from boats in the water.
Look at that big slide.
That tube slide is fun.
He loves to  play in the water.
He played in the water with his shoes on.
You can float in a tube around the park.
Look at the lovely bowls of  watermelon.
More bowls  of  watermelon that you can eat.
He loves to eat watermelon.
Hot dogs are the best part of summer fun.

Llamas
Llamas are mammals.
You can see llamas at a fair.
Llamas are friendly animals.
Llamas are used for many purposes.
Llamas eat grass.
Llama hair is used to make clothes.
Llamas are pack animals.
Llamas are interesting creatures.

Summertime
I like to drink lemonade.
I go swimming with my friends.
I found a starfish at the beach.
My family went to Disney World!
The beach was lots of fun.
I go swing on the swings.
We read lots of books.
My friends play in my sand box.
We climb on all the playground equipment.

Summer
Summer is time for fun.
Boats go fast. They are fun.
These flowers are purple.
Sand feels funny.
Lazy summer sky.
This is a crab. It lives on the beach.
Pretty pink dresses.
Flipping is fun.
One sunflower.
Many sunflowers.
A starfish has 5 legs.
Swimming is cool and fun.

Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star
Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star
Twinkle, twinkle little star,
how I wonder what you are!
Up above the world so high,
like a diamond in the sky.
Twinkle, twinkle little star,
how I wonder what you are!

Body Parts
I have two eyes.
I have a nose.
I have a mouth.
I have two ears.
I have hair.
I have two hands.
I have two feet.
I have a tummy.

Puppies
PUPPIES!
Puppies sit.
Puppies smile.
Puppies look.
Puppies sleep.
Puppies bathe.
Puppies jump.
Puppies yawn.
Puppies are friends.

Fruit
Do you know what a fruit is, a fruit is, a fruit is?  A fruit is a food that grows on a tree (or vine).
Do you know what an orange is, an orange is, an orange is?  An ORANGE is FRUIT that grows on a TREE.
Do you know what a pear is, a pear is, a pear is?  A PEAR is a FRUIT that grows on a TREE.
Do you know what an apple is, an apple is, an apple is?  An APPLE is a FRUIT that grows on a TREE.
Do you know what a lemon is, a lemon is, a lemon is?  A LEMON is a FRUIT that grows on a TREE.
Do you know what a strawberry is, a strawberry is, a strawberry is?  A STRAWBERRY is a FRUIT that grows on a VINE.

Summertime Fun
What did you do this summer?
Did you find starfish in the sand?
Did you go hold your breath under water?
Did you jump in the water?
Did you slide down a water slide?
Did you sail in a boat?
Did you play at the beach?
Did you walk in the sand?
Some people went swimming!
Some people slid on a "Slip and Slide."
Some people rode on rides.
Some people ate barbecue.
The lucky dogs got to swim.

Summer Fun
Swimming in the Blue River on a sunny day.
Bright orange starfish floating in the ocean.
Watching the sunset over the horizon.
Swimming, splashing, cooling off on a hot day.
Strolling along the beach.
Boating along the River Bay.
Deep sea fishing looking for fish.
Skateboarding in the valley.
A long refreshing glass of ice tea after mowing the grass.
Surfs up.
Three sisters watching the waves by the seashore.
Running through the water and playing with friends.

Welcome Back to School
Welcome Hernandez Heroes!
Did you bring your pencils?
Did you bring your crayons?
Did you bring your erasers?
Did you bring your glue?
Did you bring a backpack?
We are glad you are here!

Roses are Red
Roses are red.
Violets are blue.
Candy is sweet!
And so are you!

When I Feel Angry
Angry!
Sometimes I feel angry.
All people feel angry at one time or another.
When I get angry, I will find my teacher, Mommy, Daddy or another adult.
When I find them, I will try to use words to tell them that I am angry.
I can say, "I'm angry!" or "That makes me mad!"
It is okay to use words when I feel angry.
They will talk to me about what happened and about how I feel.
This might help me to feel better.
Wherever I am, I can try to find someone to talk to about how I feel.

Dog Days of Summer
When the weather gets hot,
when the days get longer
and the crabs are at play,
look up to the sky!
Get your lollipop ready...
because summer is here!
Get your best friend.
Jump right in!
And enjoy your friends outside!

The World Outside
This is a leaf.  In the fall, we find leaves on the ground.
This is a tree outside.  They grow big and strong.
The ocean is outside.  We can swim in it.
Sometimes, it rains outside.  If we go out, we get wet.
This girl is jumping.  We can play outside.
These are clouds.  They are in the sky outside.
These are purple flowers.  They grow outside.
This is a kitten.  Animals live and play outside.
There is a big world outside.  Let's go see it!

It's Almost Over!
I am excited for school to end!  I want to graduate and go to a new place called New Seasons.
In the summer, I like to watch baseball, and I go to see the New Britain Rock Cats.
My mom and dad have a family cookout, and we eat a lot.
I also like to go to the Portuguese Church Fair, where I listen to music and eat.
I love summer so much. I can’t wait for it to be here!

Saying Hi!
Hello
People like it when I say "hi" to them.
There are many times during the day when I can say "hi" to people.
I can say "hi" to my family when I get up in the morning.
I can say "hi" to my bus driver.
I can say "hi" to my friends and teachers when I get to school.
I can even say "hi" to people I see in the hallway.
I can say "hi" to new people that I meet.
It makes people happy when you say "hi" to them.
I will try to say "hi" to the people I see during the day.

School is Almost Over
I am really happy for school to be over.
I can do more things outside in the summer.
I can go on vacations, attend summer school and do summertime activities.
I want to go to Rhode Island. In Rhode Island, I can go on hikes and trails.
I would also like to go to Cape Cod. I would like to see my family and go canoeing.
Finally, I would like to visit New Hampshire. I would like to go to the stores there and walk around and shop.
I can go to summer school in the summer.
I can go on walks, and I can do lots of sports with my friends and have lots of fun.
Also, I can go on trails, have lunch with my friends and go in the community.
Summer school is very fun to go to in the summer.
I love having summer breaks, and summer is a lot of fun to have around.

Trees
Trees are very useful.
We can play on the trees.
We can rest under the trees.
We can enjoy watching the beautiful scenes.
But we don't take the trees seriously.
We need to love the trees.
Trees are very important.
We can't live without them.
I hope all people take trees seriously.
I like trees!

Cats
My favorite animal is a cat.
Cats are very cute.
These species of cats are not very big.
I like  kittens very much.
Kittens are very cute.  I love them.
In my neighborhood, I can hear cats crying all night.
A cat's sound is like a baby's crying. When I hear it, my heart feels hurt.
When I see a cat in  the street, I want to have it.
I only want to raise my cat.

If You Could Read My Mind
If you could read my mind love,
What a tale my thoughts could tell.
Just like an old time movie,
'bout a ghost from a wishing well.
In a castle dark or a fortress strong,
With chains upon my feet,
You know that ghost is me.
I will never be set free,
As long as I'm a ghost that you can't see.
If I could read your mind love,
What a tale your thoughts could tell.
Just like a paperback novel,
The kind that drugstores sell.
When you reach the part, where the heartaches comes,
The hero would be me,
But heroes often fail,
And you won't read that book again,
Because the ending's just too hard to take.
I'd walk away like a movie star.
Enter number two.
A movie queen to play the scene,
Of bringing all the good things out in me,
But for now love, lets be real.
* I never thought I could act this way. *
And I've got to say that I just don't get it.
I don't know where we went wrong.
If I could read your mind love,
What a tale my thoughts could tell.
Just like an old time movie,
'bout a ghost from a wishing well.
In a castle dark or a fortress strong,
With chains upon my feet,
But stories always end.
If you read between the lines,
You'll know that I'm just trying to understand,
The feelings that you lack.
I never thought I could feel this way,
And I've got to say that I just don't get it.
The feelings that you lack,
And I just can't get it back.

World Food
There are many different traditional foods in the world.
A Chinese traditional food is jajangmyeon.
There is ramyeon and sushi in Japan.
Italy has pizza that includes many toppings on the dough.
India has curry and rice that has a special smell.
There is kimchi that tastes very hot in Korea.
Anther Korean traditional food is bulgogi that tastes sweet and good, too.
I think that our food is the best in the world.
I will try to get Korean food known around the world.

Rudimenta Grammaticae   ESSE - 1
Inter verba primum est ESSE,
Among the verbs, TO BE is the most important,
ita conjugatio ejus reliquarum quattuor conjugationum
clavis est.
It is the key
to the other four conjugations.
Quam proinde primum disce.
For this reason, we learn it first.
This is what we will learn.
SUM
I AM
SUM
ERAM
I WAS
ERAM
ERAM
SUM
ERAM
FUI
I HAVE BEEN
FUI
SUM
ERAM
FUI
FUERAM
I HAD BEEN
FUERAM
SUM
ERAM
FUI
FUERAM
ERO
I SHALL (WILL) BE
ERO
SUM - I AM
ERAM - I WAS
FUI - I HAVE BEEN
FUERAM - I HAD BEEN
ERO - I SHALL BE
SIM
I MAY BE
SIM
SUM
ERAM
FUI
FUERAM
ERO
SIM
ESSEM
I MIGHT BE
ESSEM
SUM
ERAM
FUI
FUERAM
ERO
SIM
ESSEM
FUERIM
I MAY HAVE BEEN
FUERIM
SUM
ERAM
FUI
FUERAM
ERO
SIM
ESSEM
FUERIM
FUISSEM
I MIGHT HAVE BEEN
FUISSEM
SUM
ERAM
FUI
FUERAM
ERO
SIM
ESSEM
FUERIM
FUISSEM
FUERO
I SHALL HAVE BEEN
FUERO
Ecce!
SUM - I AM
ERAM - I WAS
FUI - I HAVE BEEN
FUERAM - I HAD BEEN
ERO - I WILL BE
SIM - I MAY BE
ESSEM - I MIGHT BE
FUERIM - I MAY HAVE BEEN
FUISSEM - I MIGHT HAVE BEEN
FUERO - I SHALL HAVE BEEN
Ecce!
Indicatives on the white; Subjunctives on the yellow.
SUM,
INDICATIVE, IN PRAESENTI.
ERAM, INDICATIVE IN PRAETEREUNTE.
FUI, INDICATIVE IN PRAETERITO.
FUERAM, INDICATIVE IN ANTE-PRAETERITO.
ERO, INDICATIVE IN FUTURO.
SIM, SUBJUNCTIVE IN PRAESENTI.
ESSEM, SUBJUNCTIVE IN PRAETEREUNTE.
FUERIM, SUBJUNCTIVE IN PRAETERITO.
FUISSEM, SUBJUNCTIVE IN ANTE-PRAETERITO.
FUERO, SUBJUNCTIVE IN FUTURO-PRAETERITO.
Ecce!
Here are the Latin tenses.
They are in a pattern. Did you spot it?
The first box is NOW.
The second box is for things that were happening over some time.
For example, I was plotting to kill Caesar.
The third box is for things that happened, and are quite finished.
For example, I stabbed Caesar.
The fourth box describes things that happened long ago - I had stabbed Caesar.
The white triangle is for things that have not happened yet.
The pattern repeats in the yellow squares.
What is the difference between the yellow and the white?
The yellow squares are about things that may be, or might be, or could be.
Here it is again, in Roman cursive handwriting.
This is what we are learning.
Memorise this table!
latinum.mypodcast.com

Hide-and-Seek
Let's start playing hide-and-seek!!
I have to start counting. One, two, three...
Where can I  hide??
We are hiding like this.
Shush, be quiet!
This smells of Koko.
Maybe he was hiding here?
Oh!
You are clever!
I agree with you. You are very good.
However, we were so funny.

Finlay's Birds
Barn owls love mice.
Swallows are summer visitors.
Robins are here all year.
Pheasants love corn.
Curlews live on the moors.
Ospreys fish in the lake.
Buzzards hunt on the uplands.
Mallards have lots of colour.

Simpsons
My favourite TV show is the Simpsons.
The Simpsons is good.
Marge is good.
Mr. Burns is mean.
Homer Simpson is funny.
Lisa is pretty.
Bart is silly.

Cogito ergo Sum
NUNC cogito, ergo sum.
NOW I am thinking, therefore, I am.
Nunc cogito, ergo sum.
Nunc cogito, ergo _ _ _
TUNC cogitabam, ergo eram.
THEN I was thinking, therefore, I was.
Tunc cogitabam, ergo eram.
Tunc cogitabam, ergo, _ _ _ _
JAM cogitavi, ergo fui.
PREVIOUSLY, I have thought, therefore, I have been.
Jam cogitavi, ergo fui.
Jam cogitavi, ergo _ _ _
JAM TUM cogitaveram, ergo, fueram.
AT THAT TIME, I had thought, therefore, I had been.
Jam tum cogitaveram, ergo fueram.
Jam tum cogitaveram, ergo _ _ _ _ _ _
MOX cogitabo, ergo ero.
NEXT, I shall think, therefore, I shall be.
Mox cogitabo, ergo ero.
Mox cogitabo, ergo _ _ _
Sum
I am
_ _ _
Sum
Eram
I was
(I was being)
_ _ _ _
Eram
Fui
I was
(I have been)
_ _ _
Fui
Fueram
I had been
_ _ _ _ _ _
Fueram
Ero
I shall be
_ _ _
Ero
Cogito ergo sum.
Nunc cogito, ergo sum.
Now I am thinking, therefore,  I am.
Nunc cogito, ergo sum.
Nunc _ _ _ _ _ _, ergo - - -
Tunc cogitabam, ergo eram.
Then I was thinking, therefore, I was.
Tunc cogitabam, ergo eram.
Tunc _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _, ergo, _ _ _ _
Jam cogitavi, ergo fui.
Previously, I have thought, therefore, I have been.
Jam cogitavi, ergo fui.
Jam _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _, ergo _ _ _
Jam tum cogitaveram, ergo, fueram.
Beforehand, I had thought, therefore I had been.
Jam tum cogitaveram, ergo fueram.
Jam tum _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _, ergo _ _ _ _ _ _
Mox cogitabo, ergo ero.
Next, I shall think, therefore, I shall be.
Mox cogitabo, ergo ero.
Mox _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _, ergo _ _ _
Nunc,  sum.
Tunc,  eram.
Jam,  fui.
Jam tum,  fueram.
Mox,  ero.
N _ _ _  sum.
T _ _ _ ,  eram.
J _ _ ,  fui.
J _ _ T _ _ ,  fueram.
M _ _  ero.
NUNC cogito, ergo sum
TUNC cogitabam, ergo eram.
JAM cogitavi, ergo fui.
Jam tum cogitaveram, ergo fueram.
MOX cogitabo, ergo ero.
latinum.org.uk

Blue
What is blue?
The water is blue.
Shutters can be blue.
Flowers can be blue, too.

PRINCESS
PRINCESS
Princesses are always happy.
They live in huge castles.
Everyday they eat sweets and pretty cakes.
Also, they buy many clothes.
When the princesses grow, they get married to a good prince.
I would feel very, very happy if I could be a princess.
Unfortunately, that is impossible.

What is Red?
Flowers are red.
Fireworks are red.
The sky is red.
A Valentine's heart is red.
My high tops are red.
My front door is red.

Pizza
I  like 
pizza
nice  and  hot,
nice and hot,
nice and hot.
I like pizza 
nice and hot,
on  Thanksgiving
Daaaay!
Pizza is very yummy. It's my
favorite food!
Yummy, yummy
yummy!!
Yummy, yummy,
good!!
Pizza, pizza,
pizza!!!
Look, pizza! Yum,
yum.
Good-bye,
pizza!
THE END

Catching Dreams
When you climb mountains, you may think you can't get to the top.
The road to the mountain is so complex.
So, in the middle of climbing, you may want to give up.
But if you keep on climbing, you will get close to the top.
When you arrive at the top, you may feel great joy.
The process of achieving your dreams can be  very hard...
as a pianist,
as a painter,
as a dancer.
But if you pursue your dreams, passionately,
you will achieve your dreams.

My Sister
Hello, my name is Ashely.
I live in London, England.
I have an older sister.
Her name is Amily. She is beautiful, and I like her.
From a child, she took care of me.
Sometimes, she listened to my stories.
We are best friends.
I am really thankful for her.
Amily, you are a good girl.

Friends
Friendship is precious.
Friends are happy together.
Friends can be sad together.
Sometimes, friends fight.
Soon, they will  have a reconciliation.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
Avoid a bad friend.
Keep an abiding friendship!
I love my friends very much!!

Music
I like music.
I'm a student at DeokWon Arts High School.
There are many variety parts of arts.
Dancing parts,
art parts,
and music parts.
I'm entered in the music part, and I'm playing violin.
It is not all fun and happiness.
Sometimes, I tried very hard and get very tired.
But, I'll study and practice hard!
I like music, and I want to be a great musician.

Dogs
Do you have any dogs?
I have a pretty dog in my house.
I take a walk with the dog in the park sometimes.
Then, my dog felt tired.
So, the dog took a shower.
After the shower, my dog had some sleep.
When my dog sleeps, he looks like a human.

Paris
Last winter vacation, I went to Paris.
After I arrived in Paris, I took the subway and visited the Eiffel Tower.
When I saw the famous Eiffel Tower, I was surprised at the great view.
Also, I went to the Louvre Museum where Mona Lisa was displayed.
Seine was very beautiful because an evening glow made for a fantastic view.
Paris had many works of art on the street.
At the square in front of the city hall, many people were skating, especially in winter.
Paris is a romantic city that people fall in love with.

Rudimenta Grammaticae 3
Rudimenta Grammaticae. John Comenius. 1657.
Qvot autem sint casus, apparet ex interrogatione et responsione.
Pluraliter...
qvum de pluribus loqvimur
Sic:
Qvi sunt isti?
Domini sunt.
Voca eos!
O Domini!
Qvorum vox?
Vox dominorum.
Qvibus servis?
Dominis servio.
Qvos vides?
Dominos video.
Cum qvibus ibis?
Cum dominis.
Nominativus et Vocativus dicuntur casus recti...
alii obliqvi dicuntur.
Nominativus & Vocativus: Nusqvam enim differunt illi duo...
nisi in declinatione secunda...
et qvidem tantum in iis nominibus
qvae nominativo in -US desinunt...
ut Brutus, Brute.
(et tu, Brute?)
Nomina generis neutri semper habent accusativum similem rectis.
Desinuntqve illi tres pluraliter in -A
ut, "Ecce: verba!"
ut "O verba"
ut, "Dic tria verba!"
et singulariter...
ut, "Ecce: verbum."
ut, "O verbum!"
ut, "Dic verbum".
Qvando nomen per suos casus... deducitur
dicitur DECLINARI:
qvod apud Latinos
fit qvinqve modis.
Agnoscitur autem id
ex Genitivo (Possessivo)
qvi declinationes discriminat.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -AE
ea sunt declinationis primae.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -I
ea sunt declinationis secundae.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -IS
ea sunt declinationis tertiae.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -US
ea sunt declinationis qvartae.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -EI
ea sunt declinationis qvintae.
Ideoqve character hic cuilibet nomini adscribitur in dictionario.
latinum.mypodcast.com

Happy Animals
This is sunny
and her baby sun.
The two suns are smelling the flowers.
They saw a happy face made up of fruit.
They meet a snow tiger called Snowy.
Snowy was picking some pink tulips.
Snowy was also
picking some red flowers.
The cat said, "They smell beautiful."
The black cat 
agreed with its 
friend.

Rudimenta Grammaticae 3 - Basics of Grammar 3
Rudimenta Grammaticae. John Comenius. 1657.
Qvot autem sint casus, apparet ex interrogatione et responsione.
The number of cases becomes apparent through question and response.
Pluraliter...
Plural...
qvum de pluribus loqvimur
when we talk about many
Sic:
Thus (in this way):
Qvi sunt isti?
Who are these people?
Domini sunt.
They are masters.
Voca eos!
Call them!
O Domini!
O Masters!
Qvorum vox?
Whose voice is it?
Vox dominorum.
The masters' voice!
Qvibus servis?
Whom do you serve?
Dominis servio.
I serve the masters.
Qvos vides?
Whom do you see?
Dominos video.
I see the masters.
Cum qvibus ibis?
Whom are you going with?
Cum dominis.
With the masters.
Nominativus et Vocativus dicuntur casus recti...
The nominative and vocative are called "straight" cases.
alii obliqvi dicuntur.
the others are called 'angled' or 'oblique'
Nominativus & Vocativus: Nusqvam enim differunt illi duo...
Nothing really is different between these two (Nominative & Vocative)
nisi in declinatione secunda...
except in the second declension..
et qvidem tantum in iis nominibus
and then only names...
qvae nominativo in -US desinunt...
and then only when the nominative case ends in  -US
ut Brutus, Brute.
(et tu, Brute?)
like Brutus, Brute. (and you as well, Brutus?)
Nomina generis neutri semper habent accusativum similem rectis.
Neuter nouns always have their accusative like the 'straight' case.
Desinuntqve illi tres pluraliter in -A
And these three plurals end in -A
ut, "Ecce: verba!"
like, "Look,  words!"
ut "O verba"
like "O words!"
ut, "Dic tria verba!"
like, "Say three words!"
et singulariter...
and in the singular...
ut, "Ecce: verbum."
like, "Look, a word!"
ut, "O verbum!"
like, "O , word!"
ut, "Dic verbum".
like, "Say a word".
Qvando nomen per suos casus... deducitur
When a noun is taken through its cases...
dicitur DECLINARI:
it is called DECLINING.
qvod apud Latinos
which by the Romans
fit qvinqve modis.
was done in five ways.
Agnoscitur autem id
This is also recognised
ex Genitivo (Possessivo)
from the Genitive (Possessive)
qvi declinationes discriminat.
which discriminates (tells apart) the declensions.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -AE
Those that have AE in the genitive
ea sunt declinationis primae.
belong to the first declension.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -I
Those that have I in the genitive
ea sunt declinationis secundae.
belong to the second declension.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -IS
Those that have IS in the genitive
ea sunt declinationis tertiae.
belong to the third declension.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -US
Those that have US in the genitive
ea sunt declinationis qvartae.
belong to the fourth declension.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -EI
Those that have EI in the genitive
ea sunt declinationis qvintae.
belong to the fifth declension.
Ideoqve character hic cuilibet nomini adscribitur in dictionario.
That is why this defining characteristic is written in the dictionary.

Rudimenta Grammaticae 1
Rudimenta Grammaticae. J.A. Comenius. 1657.
De Literis
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP QRSTUVXYZ sunt literae majusculae.
abcdefghilklmnopqrstuvxyz sunt literae minusculae.
Enuntiantur
singulae sono proprio.
Uniformi enuntiantur.
Ph legitur ut p-h, non legitur ut 'F'.
Characteres Literarum pingendi sunt pulchre, ut sit scriptura legibilis.
Exerceatur ergo.
De Syllabis.
Syllaba est vel UNIUS literae....
ut 'A'.
Syllaba est vel DUARUM literarum...
ut 'AB'.
Syllaba est vel TRIUM literarum...
ut 'abs'.
Syllaba est vel QVATUOR literarum...
ut 'Tabs'.
Syllaba est vel QVINQVE literarum...
ut 'Trabs'.
Syllaba est vel SEX literarum...
ut 'Stirps'.
latinum.mypodcast.com

Rudimenta Grammaticae 2
Rudimenta Grammaticae. J.A. Comenius. 1657
De Nomine
Vocabula capitis secundi dicuntur NOMINA.
Est autem nomen, vel masculini generis...
ut hic REX,
vel feminini generis...
ut haec REGINA...
vel neutri generis...
ut hoc REGNUM.
ut hoc CORPUS.
Qvum nomen...
per diversas terminationes...
flectitur...
vocatur talis terminatio...
casus.
ut dominUS
ut dominE
ut dominI
ut dominO
Qvot autem sint CASUS...
apparet
ex interrogatione
et responsione.
Singulariter
Qvum de UNO loqvimur...
ita:
Qvis ibi stat?
Dominus stat ibi.
Voca illum!
O Domine!
Respondet: 'Salve!'
Cujus est vox?
Vox domini est.
Cui servis?
Domino servio.
Qvem vides?
Dominum video.
Cumqvo ibis?
Cum domino.
Sunt ERGO Latinis...
casus SEX...
qvi appellantur:
1. NOMINATIVUS
2. VOCATIVUS
3. GENITIVUS seu POSSESSIVUS
4. DATIVUS
5. ACCUSATIVUS seu ACTIVUS
6. ABLATIVUS seu INSTRUMENTIVUS
latinum.mypodcast.com

Rudimenta Grammaticae 2 - Basics of Grammar 2
Rudimenta Grammaticae. J.A. Comenius. 1657
The basics of grammar.
De Nomine
About Names (Nouns)
Vocabula capitis secundi dicuntur NOMINA.
The words in the second chapter are called NAMES (NOUNS).
Est autem nomen, vel masculini generis...
A name (noun) is either of male (masculine) gender...
ut hic REX,
like this KING,
vel feminini generis...
or of female (feminine) gender...
ut haec REGINA...
like this QUEEN...
vel neutri generis...
or of neuter (no sex) gender...
ut hoc REGNUM.
like this KINGDOM.
ut hoc CORPUS.
like this BODY.
Qvum nomen...
When a name...
per diversas terminationes...
by changing the different end bits
flectitur...
is bent around (inflected)...
vocatur talis terminatio...
each ending (termination)  is called...
casus.
a case.
ut dominUS
ut dominE
ut dominI
ut dominO
Qvot autem sint CASUS...
How many CASES there are
apparet
is apparent (can be seen)
ex interrogatione
through interrogation (question)
et responsione.
and response (answer).
Singulariter
Singular
Qvum de UNO loqvimur...
When we talk about ONE...
ita:
in this way (thus):
Qvis ibi stat?
Who is standing there?
Dominus stat ibi.
The master stands there.
Voca illum!
Call him!
O Domine!
O Master!!
Respondet: 'Salve!'
He answers: 'Greetings!'
Cujus est vox?
Whose voice is it?
Vox domini est.
It is the master's voice.
Cui servis?
Whom do you serve?
Domino servio.
I serve the master.
Qvem vides?
Whom do you see?
Dominum video.
I see the master.
Cumqvo ibis?
With whom do you go?
Cum domino.
With the master.
Sunt ERGO Latinis...
THUS, in Latin there are...
casus SEX...
SIX cases...
qvi appellantur:
which are called:
1. NOMINATIVUS
1. Naming (Nominative)
2. VOCATIVUS
2. Calling (Vocative)
3. GENITIVUS seu POSSESSIVUS
3. Belonging (Genitive or Possessive)
4. DATIVUS
4. Giving (Dative)
5. ACCUSATIVUS seu ACTIVUS
5. Action (Accusative)
6. ABLATIVUS seu INSTRUMENTIVUS
6. Departure (Ablative or Instrumental)
latinum.mypodcast.com

Cornix et Urna: Repetite!
Cornix et Urna
___ ___ ___
Cornix et Urna
Ecce cornix!
___ ___!
Ecce cornix!
Cornix sitibúnda est, et bíbere vult.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Cornix sitibúnda est, et bíbere vult.
Ecce urna!
___ ___!
Ecce urna!
Cornix urnam ínvenit.
___ ___ ___.
Cornix urnam ínvenit.
In urnae fundo, est aqua.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
In urnae fundo, est aqua.
Sed urna alta est, et aqua brevis.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Sed urna alta est, et aqua brevis.
Quod urna alta est, et aqua brevis, Cornix bíbere non potest.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Quod urna alta est, et aqua brevis, Cornix bíbere non potest.
Cornix cógitat: "Víribus meis, urnam evértam!"
___ ___: "___ ___, ___ ___!"
Cornix cógitat: "Víribus meis, urnam evértam!"
Cornix alis vérberat...
___ ___ ___...
Cornix alis vérberat...
... et fórtiter ad urnam ádvolat.
... ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
... et fórtiter ad urnam ádvolat.
Sed urna fírmiter stat, et non movétur.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Sed urna fírmiter stat, et non movétur.
Cornix íterum cógitat:
___ ___ ___:
Cornix íterum cógitat:
"In urna est aqua, et bíbere volo."
"___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___."
"In urna est aqua, et bíbere volo."
"Sed urna fírmiter stat, et evértere non possum."
"___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___."
"Sed urna fírmiter stat, et evértere non possum."
"Quid ergo fáciam?"
"___ ___ ___?"
"Quid ergo fáciam?"
Cornix diu cógitat, deinde clamat:
___ ___ ___, ___ ___:
Cornix diu cógitat, deinde clamat:
"Euréka! Consílium hábeo!"
"___! ___ ___!"
"Euréka! Consílium hábeo!"
"Prope urnam, cálculi sunt."
"___ ___, ___ ___."
"Prope urnam, cálculi sunt."
"Cálculos legam...
"___ ___...
"Cálculos legam...
... et in urnam mittam!"
... ___ ___ ___ ___!"
... et in urnam mittam!"
"Sic aquam levabo...
"___ ___ ___...
"Sic aquam levabo...
... et bibere potero!"
... ___ ___ ___!"
... et bibere potero!"
Ergo: Cornix rostro cálculos legit.
___: ___ ___ ___ ___.
Ergo: Cornix rostro cálculos legit.
Cálculos in urnam mittit...
___ ___ ___ ___...
Cálculos in urnam mittit...
... et sic aquam levat.
... ___ ___ ___ ___.
... et sic aquam levat.
Hoc modo ingenióso...
___ ___ ___...
Hoc modo ingenióso...
... Cornix felíciter bibit.
... ___ ___ ___.
... Cornix felíciter bibit.
Fábula docet:
___ ___:
Fábula docet:
Ingénium plus valet quam vires.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Ingénium plus valet quam vires.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/8

Rudimenta Grammaticae - Basics of Grammar 1
Rudimenta Grammaticae. J.A. Comenius. 1657.
De Literis
About Letters
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP QRSTUVXYZ sunt literae majusculae.
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP QRSTUVXYZ are majuscules. (capital or 'upper case' letters)
abcdefghilklmnopqrstuvxyz sunt literae minusculae.
abcdefghilklmnopqrstuvxyz are miniscules (lower case)letters.
Enuntiantur
They are enunciated (said clearly)
singulae sono proprio.
each with their own special sound.
Uniformi enuntiantur.
They are each said the same way all the time.
Ph legitur ut p-h, non legitur ut 'F'.
Ph is read as
 p-h, not as F.
Characteres Literarum pingendi sunt pulchre, ut sit scriptura legibilis.
The shapes of the letters are to be well formed, for readable writing.
Exerceatur ergo.
It needs to be practiced.
De Syllabis.
About syllables.
Syllaba est vel UNIUS literae....
A syllable is either ONE letter long...
ut 'A'.
like 'A'.
Syllaba est vel DUARUM literarum...
Or a syllable is TWO letters....
ut 'AB'.
like 'AB'.
Syllaba est vel TRIUM literarum...
Or a syllable is THREE letters...
ut 'abs'.
like 'abs'.
Syllaba est vel QVATUOR literarum...
Or a syllable is  FOUR letters...
ut 'Tabs'.
like 'Tabs'
Syllaba est vel QVINQVE literarum...
Or a syllable is FIVE letters...
ut 'Trabs'.
like 'Trabs'
Syllaba est vel SEX literarum...
Or a syllable is SIX letters...
ut 'Stirps'.
like 'Stirps'.
latinum.mypodcast.com

The Crow and the Pot
The Crow and the Pot
This is a crow.
The crow is thirsty and wants to take a drink.
This is a pot.
The crow finds the pot.
There is water in the bottom of the pot.
But the pot is deep and the water is shallow.
Because the pot is deep and the water is shallow, the crow cannot drink from the pot.
The crow thinks, "I will use my strength to turn the pot over."
The crow beats her wings...
and flies towards the pot at full speed.
But the pot stands firm and does not move.
The crow thinks some more,
"There is water  in the pot, and I want to drink."
"But the pot is standing firm, and I cannot turn it over."
"What am I going to do?"
The crow thinks for a long time and then shouts,
"Eureka! I have a plan!"
"There are pebbles near the pot."
"I will gather the pebbles...
and toss them into the pot!"
"In this way I will raise the level of the water...
and I will be able to take a drink."
So the crow gathers the pebbles.
She  tosses the pebbles into the pot...
and thus she raises the level of the water.
By  using her brain...
the thirsty crow is able to take a drink!
The moral of the story:
Brains are stronger than brute force.

Cornix et Urna: The Crow and The Pot
Cornix et Urna
The Crow and The Pot
Cornix et Urna
Ecce cornix!
This is a crow.
Ecce cornix!
Cornix sitibúnda est et bíbere vult.
The crow is thirsty and wants to drink.
Cornix sitibúnda est et bíbere vult.
Ecce urna!
This is a pot.
Ecce urna!
Cornix urnam ínvenit.
The crow finds the pot.
Cornix urnam ínvenit.
In urnae fundo est aqua.
There is water in the bottom of the pot.
In urnae fundo est aqua.
Sed urna alta est, et aqua brevis.
But the pot is deep, and the water is shallow.
Sed urna alta est, et aqua brevis.
Quod urna alta est, et aqua brevis, Cornix bíbere non potest.
Because the pot is deep and the water is shallow, the crow cannot drink.
Quod urna alta est, et aqua brevis, Cornix bíbere non potest.
Cornix cógitat: "Víribus meis, urnam evértam!"
The crow thinks: "I will use my strength to turn the pot over."
Cornix cógitat: "Víribus meis, urnam evértam!"
Cornix alis vérberat...
The crow beats her wings...
Cornix alis vérberat...
... et fórtiter ad urnam ádvolat.
...  and flies towards the pot at full speed.
... et fórtiter ad urnam ádvolat.
Sed urna fírmiter stat et non movétur.
But the pot stands firm and does not move.
Sed urna fírmiter stat et non movétur.
Cornix íterum cógitat:
The crow thinks some more:
Cornix íterum cógitat:
"In urna est aqua, et bíbere volo."
"There is water  in the pot, and I want to drink."
"In urna est aqua, et bíbere volo."
"Sed urna fírmiter stat, et evértere non possum."
"But the pot is standing firm, and I cannot turn it over."
"Sed urna fírmiter stat, et evértere non possum."
"Quid ergo fáciam?"
"What am I going to do?"
"Quid ergo fáciam?"
Cornix diu cógitat, deinde clamat:
The crow thinks for a long time and then shouts:
Cornix diu cógitat, deinde clamat:
"Euréka! Consílium hábeo!"
"Eureka! I have a plan!"
"Euréka! Consílium hábeo!"
"Prope urnam cálculi sunt."
"There are pebbles near the pot."
"Prope urnam cálculi sunt."
"Cálculos legam...
"I will gather the pebbles...
"Cálculos legam...
... et in urnam mittam!"
... and toss them into the pot!"
... et in urnam mittam!"
"Sic aquam levabo...
"In this way I will raise the water...
"Sic aquam levabo...
... et bibere potero!"
...and I will be able to drink."
... et bibere potero!"
Ergo: Cornix rostro cálculos legit.
So the crow gathers the pebbles.
Ergo: Cornix rostro cálculos legit.
Cálculos in urnam mittit...
She  tosses the pebbles into the pot...
Cálculos in urnam mittit...
... et sic aquam levat.
... and thus she raises the water.
... et sic aquam levat.
Hoc modo ingenióso...
In this intelligent way...
Hoc modo ingenióso...
... Cornix felíciter bibit.
... the crow  happily takes a drink.
... Cornix felíciter bibit.
Fábula docet:
The moral of the story:
Fábula docet:
Ingénium plus valet quam vires.
Intelligence is more powerful than brute force.
Ingénium plus valet quam vires.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/8

Cornix et Urna
Cornix et Urna
Ecce cornix!
Cornix sitibúnda est et bíbere vult.
Ecce urna!
Cornix urnam ínvenit.
In urnae fundo est aqua.
Sed urna alta est, et aqua brevis.
Quod urna alta est, et aqua brevis, Cornix bíbere non potest.
Cornix cógitat: "Víribus meis, urnam evértam!"
Cornix alis vérberat...
... et fórtiter ad urnam ádvolat.
Sed urna fírmiter stat et non movétur.
Cornix íterum cógitat:
"In urna est aqua, et bíbere volo."
"Sed urna fírmiter stat, et evértere non possum."
"Quid ergo fáciam?"
Cornix diu cógitat, deinde clamat:
"Euréka! Consílium hábeo!"
"Prope urnam cálculi sunt."
"Cálculos legam...
... et in urnam mittam!"
"Sic aquam levabo...
... et bibere potero!"
Ergo: Cornix rostro cálculos legit.
Cálculos in urnam mittit...
... et sic aquam levat.
Hoc modo ingenióso...
... Cornix felíciter bibit.
Fábula docet:
Ingénium plus valet quam vires.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/8

Flowers
Flowers come in all different colours.
Flowers smell nice.
Flowers have different shapes and sizes.
Flowers are pretty.
Bees love the nectar from  flowers.
Butterflies like flowers.
Ladybugs like flowers.
Hummingbirds like flowers.
Hummingbirds get their food from flowers.
I like flowers.

Summer
It is hot in the summer.
The grass is green in the summer.
Trees grow in the summer.
Flowers grow in the summer.
Flowers are pretty colours.
We see water in the summer.
Swimming is fun when it is hot.
Water cools us off in the summer.
Water parks are fun in the heat.
We like fruit all the time.
Fruit grows in the summer.
Fruit is yummy to eat.
We play in the summer.
Parks are fun all the time.

Cool Cars
It looks like a dragon.
It looks like a monster.
This cool car is awesome.
It looks like the water.
This truck is like a bumblebee.
My favorite color is red.
It looks like red fire.
It looks like gold.
It looks like money.
This car looks really nice.
It looks like a nighttime sky.
It looks nice.

Summer Fun
Summer Fun!
I can’t wait for summer! My mom and dad let me have more fun.
I like to do lots of things in the summer.
There are places to go, there is yummy food to eat, and I like to do activities.
I like to go to the beach in the summertime.
I play in the sand and go swimming in the water.
Another thing I like to do is go to Lake Compounce.
I go on rides in the water park, and I get really wet.
On rainy days, I like to go to the mall with my mom.
My favorite store is Claire`s. My mom lets me buy earrings.
I like to look at the other stores, too!
I like to go to many different places on summer break.
I like to eat different foods in the summer. Food is good!
I like grape popsicles the best.
I like to eat ice cream in the summer.  I always eat it in a bowl. I like it with sprinkles.
My favorite summer fruit is strawberries.  I eat strawberries with whipped cream on them.
Summer food is fantastic!
Summer is fun, and I'm happy it is almost here.

What's in Adam's Bag?
What's in Adam's backpack?
In Adam's backpack, what can you find?
There are lots of books! Books about Marley,
Kung Fu Panda,
iguanas,
reptiles,
sharks,
and Scooby Doo.
Adam likes to write! He likes to write on notebooks,
and notecards.
But a clothes pin?

Tree
Tree
Sit under a tree.
Plant a tree.
Play in the trees.
Let a tree grow.
Hug a tree.
Live in a tree.
Climb a tree.
Swing in a tree.
Tree

Sowing Seeds
The farmer set out to sow his grain.
Some fell on rocky soil but did not grow.
Some fell on thorny soil but did not grow.
Some fell on fertile soil.
The harvest was good.
Peas on earth.

Girls
Some girls are sisters.
Some girls have no sisters.
Some girls are friends.
Some girls are athletes,
and some are angelic!
Some girls worry.
Some girls are sleepy.
Some girls are happy,
and some very thoughtful.
But inside and out,
all girls are beautiful!

Spring Rain
The rain is falling.
We wear boots when it rains.
We wear a raincoat.
A raincoat keeps us dry.
Take an umbrella in the rain.
Umbrellas are colourful.
We walk with an umbrella in the rain.
We jump the puddles in the rain.

Easter Time
We boil eggs.
We colour eggs.
Easter eggs are in the basket.
The eggs crack and chicks appear.
Little chicks hatch from eggs.
The bunny looks for food.
The bunny smells the grass.
The rabbit hops and runs away.
Chocolate eggs are good to eat.
Happy Easter, everyone!

Maple Syrup
We go to Sugarbush.
We walk in the snow at Sugarbush.
We see pails on the trees.
Maple syrup comes from trees.
Maple syrup is sweet.
Pancakes and syrup are yummy.

Eaten
Sharks swim in the ocean.
The shark is hungry.
Whale sharks eat shrimp.
Sting rays swim near sharks.
They are on the beach.
Hammerhead sharks eat fish.
Scuba divers swim with the sharks. He feels scared.

Snow
In the winter, it snows.
Snow is cold.
Lakes freeze in the winter.
Ice is on the trees in the winter.
There is ice on the trees in the winter.
The snow is falling down.
Winter is cold.

Joe's Story Part 2
Hi. It's Joe again. I want to tell you more about me.
Sometimes, I like to be a pest.
I have a dog named Cooper.
Baby Izzy cries a lot and wakes up the whole house.
I like to sing Happy Birthday.
Did I mention that I like to be a pest sometimes?
Brenda says that sometimes I can be a pill!
I go to Uncle Brian and Aunt Tammy's house for a cookout and swimming.
I like the song "Get Back" by the Beatles because it says, "JO JO."
I live with Bob and Angela.
I have a step sister named Tiffany.
Angela likes to groove to the Grateful Dead.
I always eat my chicken nuggets at lunch.
I am happy to see my friend, Matt, again.
One Halloween, Angela dressed me up as a nerd. It was a cool costume.
My real name is Anthony. You can call me Tony.
I like to go on field trips with Kevin and Ray, but sometimes I have to come back because I act like a punk.
This Halloween, I dressed up as a UPS driver that got run over. It was a cool costume.

Dylan's Story
Hi! My name is Dylan.
I drive to school in a blue van.
My favorite color is orange.
I like to go out for Chinese food with Marissa.
I like airplanes.
I have friends named Ross, Lee, Terry, and Arnold.
I like to eat hamburger's with lots of ketchup.
I have a dog named Kota.
I have a job at the police station taking out the trash.
Sometimes, I like to pick on Jeff. Don't touch my coffee, Jeff!!!
Sometimes I like to toot and act like a poop.

Winter Cold
It's cold in the winter.
We wear a warm coat in winter.
We wear a hat in the winter.
We wear boots in the winter.
Mitts keep our hands warm in the winter.
Winter is fun when we are warm.

Children of God
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
I am a child of God.
We are children of God.

Summertime Activities
I am super excited for school to end! I can do a lot of things in the summer and have a great time.
I can go to theme parks.
There are fun places to go and many summertime activities to do.
Cookouts are a great time to spend with my family.
We talk and eat and play dominoes.
I like going to the movies on the weekends with my cousin.
We get popcorn and candy and watch funny movies.
I like to hangout with my friends. We go to the library or walk to McDonald’s.
I like to go to the beach. When I go there, I like to play with my sister and hang out with my mom and my family, too.
I also like to go to the park.
We have hot dogs, chips and soda. I enjoy the family cookouts in the summer.
There are really fun places to go in the summer. Six Flags is my favorite place.
I go with my mom, her friend and my sister. First, we go to the water rides, and then we go on all the other rides.
We have fried dough and popcorn. We stay there all day until it gets dark.
High Meadows is a really fun place to go. There is free food and free ice cream.
They have a pool there and a DJ.
They have a lot of fun activities like rock climbing. It is a great place to go to have fun.
I will be so sad when summer ends.

Summer Vacation
Summer vacation is fun and exciting!
In the summer, I love to visit New York and get away from Connecticut.
While I am there, I will do my summer writing and reading.
Another place I like to go is Providence.
I love to go there to see my family.
We always have a cookout and catch up.
Then, I finally see my father’s side of the family when they come down from South Carolina.
We always go to church on Sundays. Afterwards, we go home and we cook a Sunday dinner.
In the summer, I have a whole lot of time on my hands, so I fill it with summer activities.
I love fashion, so I like to shop at all the stores and look at all the clothes.
You can usually find me at the mall.  That's one of my favorite places to go.
On the weekends, I go to the movies and see the latest films.
Hopefully, this summer will be fabulous, and I will make many great memories.

I Love Summer!
I am excited that school is almost over. I’m happy because I get to do fun activities in the summer.
I like to go to the theme parks, go on vacation and wear summer fashion.
My favorite theme park is Lake Compounce.
One of my favorite rides is a big swing called, "Thunder and Lightning."
I go to Florida in the summer.
While I am in Florida, I like to go to the pool and shop with my grandmother.
In the summertime, I like to be fashionable.
I wear lots of t-shirts, skirts, shorts and cute sandals to explore my creative side.
In the summer, I have a lot of fun and it is usually calm and relaxing, too.
I love summer so much.  It is the best time of year!

Birds
They are red and pink.
This is an owl. It is gray  with yellow eyes.
These are two ducks. They are grumpy.
This is a humming bird. It is  standing  still  in the air.
This is an eagle. It  is huge.
This is a robin. It has a red  breast.
This is a peacock. It has beautiful white feathers.
This is a   swan.  It has   beautiful  white feathers, too.
This is a parrot.  It is pink.
This is a kookaburra. It is laughing.

Christmas Time
Christmas trees are decorated.
Christmas lights are pretty.
Santa comes at Christmas.
Santa rides in a sleigh.
Rudolph has a red nose.
Presents are under the tree.
Candy canes are sweet.

In Terra Sunt - Grammatica
In terra sunt Alti Montes.
Qvis ibi stat?
Terra ibi stat!
Voca illam!
O, Terra!
Salve, O Puella!
Cujus est vox?
Vox terrae est.
Salve, O Puella!
Qvem vides?
Terram video.
Qvem vides?
Video aliqvid in terrā
Alti montes in terra sunt.
Ecce: Mons.
Salve, O Tu, Mons!
Pars montis.
Addo partem monti.
Cui serviunt?
Respondent: Monti!
Qvem vides?
Montem video.
Video aliqvid in monte.
In terra sunt
Profundae Valles.
Haec est vallis.
Salve, o tu, Vallis!
Cujus est vox?
Vox vallis est.
Cui servis?
Valli servio.
Qvem vides?
Vallem video.
Video aliqvid in valle.
In terra sunt Elevati Colles.
Hic collis est.
Salve, O Tu, Collis!
Respondet: "Salve."
Cujus est vox?
Vox collis.
Cui servis, o puer?
Colli servio.
Qvem vides?
Video collem.
In colle aliqvid video.
In terra sunt Cavae Speluncae.
Quis ibi stat?
Cava spelunca ibi stat.
Voca illam!
Salve, O cava spelunca!
Respondet: "Salve."
Cujus est vox?
Vox cavae speluncae est.
Cui servis?
Cavae speluncae servio.
Qvem vides?
Cavam Speluncam video.
Video aliqvid in cava spelunca!
In terra sunt
Plani Campi.
Ecce Campus.
Voca illum!
Salve, O Tu, Campe!
Respondet: "Salve."
Cujus est vox?
Vox campi est.
Cui servis?
Campo servio.
Qvem vides?
Campum video.
Video aliqvid in campo.
In terra sunt
Opacae Sylvae.
Ecce sylva opaca.
Voca illam!
Salve, O Tu, Sylva Opaca!
Respondet: "Salve!"
Cujus est vox?
Vox sylvae opacae  est.
Cui servis?
Servio sylvae opacae.
Qvem vides?
Opacam Sylvam video.
Video aliqvid in sylva opaca.
latinum.org.uk

Halloween
Ghosts are scary on Halloween.
Spooky pumpkins on Halloween.
Witches have black hats on Halloween.
Spiders crawl around on Halloween.
We dress up on Halloween.
We go to houses to get candy.
We say, "Trick or Treat!"
We eat candy on Halloween.

Apples
Apples are red.
We went for a wagon ride.
We pick apples.
We eat apples.
We make apple sauce.
Apples are yummy.

Horses
I like horses.
I like horses running.
I like painted horses.
This horse's eyes are blue.
I think this horse is white.
I really love brown and white horses.
This horse wants to get through the gate.
This horse is in the woods.
This horse is eating grass.
These horses are running away.
These horses are putting their heads against each other.
This horse is putting his ears down.
These people ride horses.
This horse is drinking water.
This horse is in a stable.
This horse is smiling.
This horse is going to go swimming.
This horse is standing.

Summer
Summer!  I can't wait for it to be here!
I love summer because I have time off.
I get to have lots of food, play sports, and do many other activities.
I like to play sports in the summer.
My favorite is basketball because I play in my gym class.
I have two hula hoops under my bed and on nice days I take them outside and practice with them.
Jumping rope outside and inside is fun, too!
When it's hot, I love to go get my ice cream at Friendly's.
My favorite flavor is strawberry, not chocolate.
I like watermelon, too, and I eat it with my hands.
Another summertime treat is popsicles.  I eat them everyday!
Summertime activities are the best!
I get to go to summer camp, where we make crafts, play games, and watch movies.
I love to dance! I put the music on and dance by myself in my room.
I love to swim.  I had Level One lessons, and now I am a great swimmer.
I love summer.  It is my favorite time of year!

What Am I?
What am I?
I am an arachnid.
I have eight legs. I am black.  I am small.  I have no ears.
I move by using webs.
I eat flies.
I live in trees and in dusty places.
I start as a egg, then I hatch. Then I am a baby. Then an adult.
I defend myself by running away and using my venom.
I have lots of predators, including birds.
What am I?
I am a spider.

What Am I?
What am I?
I'm a reptile.
I have 4 legs.
I have claws.
I move by walking slowly.
I eat birds.
I live in the water.
I am born from an egg.
I defend myself by my sharp teeth.
My predators are sharks and humans.
What am I?
I am a crocodile.

What Am I?
What am I?
I belong to the reptile family.
I have a long slender body.
I have scaly skin, no legs and a forked tongue.
My eyes are never closed.
I move by slithering.
I eat rats, mice, eggs, birds and small animals.
I hatch from eggs.
I defend myself by camouflage.
My predators are crocodiles and birds.
What am I?.
I am a snake.

Timmy
Timmy is a kid that goes to high school.
Timmy has a friend named Jimmy.
They are on the TV show, South Park.
Timmy and Jimmy are handicapped.
The only word Timmy can say is TIMMY!!!
Timmy is sleeping with his turkey.
Timmy is very funny because every time he talks he yells.
All in all, Timmy is funny. You should watch South Park on Comedy Central to see how funny he is.

Tigris, Leo et Ovis
ecce tigrulus. est tigris parvus.
ecce leo parvus.
ecce agnus. agnus est parva ovis.
tigris ieiunus est.
leo parvus ieiunus est.
agnus laetus est.
tigris et leo amici sunt. ambo ieiuni sunt.
tigris et leo cenam quaerunt.
tigris et leo agnum vident!
tigris currit.
leo currit.
ovis currit. ovis dicit: "amicus esse volo!"
tigris et leo agnum non audiunt.
ecce tigrovis. 
ovis vestem tigris gerit.
omnes ludunt.
amici sunt.
FINIS!

Summertime and the Living is Easy
I really like the summer. There are a lot of things to do outside.
I really love my family cookouts.
We have a new deck, and I can't wait to cook out on it.
I don't like to sleep late. I like to get an early start on my summertime activities.
I love to go to concerts outside in the summer.
In the warm weather, music is so much more fun to dance to.
I love to go outside in the summer and play baseball. Baseball is my favorite sport to play outside with my family.
During the month of July, I get to go to summer camp with all my friends. We have so much fun at summer camp.
I really love the summer because of all the fun activities I get to do.

X-ending  One Syllable
FAEX, FAX, PAX
dregs, torch, peace
FAEX, FAX, PAX
ARX, CALX, FALX
citadel, heel sickle
ARX, CALX, FALX
LEX, NEX, REX
law, murder, king
LEX, NEX, REX
CRUX, DUX, LUX
cross, leader, light
CRUX, DUX, LUX
NIX, NOX, NUX
snow, night, nut
NIX, NOX, NUX

Fun in the Summer
Fun in the Summer
I am so happy that school is ending.
There are more things to do in the summer than the rest of the year.
Some things to do are go to summer camps and summer school.
There are many summer activities that I will do on my summer vacation.
I like to go to Hole in the Wall Camp and sleep in cabins, where the bunks are very comfortable.

What Am I?
What am I?
I am an arachnid.
I have 8 legs and a red line on my back.
I move by crawling.
I eat flies.
I live in dark places.
My life begins as an egg. Then I hatch. Then I become a spiderling. Then an adult.
I defend myself by camouflage and venom.
My predators are snakes and birds.
What am I?
I am a spider.

What Am I?
What am I?
I am a reptile.
I have my ears under my head.
I have scales.
I have a rattle.
I am venomous.
I slither and slide.
I eat insects, rats and mice.
I live in woods and the bush.
I hatch out of an egg.
I bite and use venom to defend myself.
My predators include crocodiles, alligators and birds.
What am I?
I am a snake.

What Am I?
What am I?
I am a mammal.
I have rough grey skin and great, thick, baggy knees.
I move slowly.
I eat leaves
and hay.
I live in the
jungle.
I am born
alive, then I am a calf and then I am an adult.
I defend myself by stomping and using my tusks.
My predators are lions and humans.
What am I?
I am an elephant.

What Am I?
What am I?
I am a reptile.
I have patterns and 300 vertebrae. I am legless  and cold blooded.
When I go in the sun to get warm, my blood becomes warm.
I slither and slide.
I eat rats and mice.
I live in caves and holes.
I start as an egg.  I hatch into a baby, then I am an  adult.
I defend myself by poisoning.
I get eaten by birds.
What am I?
I am a snake.

What Am I?
What am I?
I belong to the amphibian family.
I look slimy. I have 4 limbs.
I have 2 eyes, and my skin is moist.
I move by hopping.
I eat insects.
I live on land and water.
I first start as an egg, then a tadpole, then a adult.
I defend myself by hopping away.
My predators are crocodiles, birds and snakes.
What am I?
I am a frog.

What Am I?
What am I?
I am a mammal.
I am big and grey.
I move by my 4 legs.
I eat leaves. I am a herbivore.
I live in the jungle.
I am born alive, turn into a calf and grow up to be an adult.
What am I?
I am an elephant.

B is for Blackbeard
A is for the apples that are grown in the mountains of North Carolina.
B is for Black Beard, a famous pirate who died off the coast of North Carolina.
C is for copperhead, a snake that is largely found in the mountains of North Carolina.
D is for dogwood, North Carolina's state flower located on the dogwood tree.
E is for the former Governor of North Carolina, Mike Easley.
F is for "First in Flight," North Carolina's license plate motto.
G is for Gaston William, who wrote "The Old North State."
H is for the honey bee, North Carolina's state insect.
I is for North Carolina's famous tobacco industry.
J is for the three former presidents from North Carolina: James Polk, Thomas Jefferson, and Andrew Jackson.
K is for Kill Devil Hills, a beach in North Carolina where the Wright brothers first flew in 1903.
L is for the six major lighthouses on the coast of North Carolina.
M is for the Smokey Mountains that run through North Carolina.
N is for November 21, 1789 when North Carolina was admitted into statehood.
O is for the Outer Banks, which acts as a wall that protects the shore of North Carolina.
P is for pine tree, North Carolina's state tree.
Q is for the "Queen City" of Charlotte, North Carolina.
R is for Raleigh, North Carolina's state capitol.
S is for sweet potatoes, North Carolina's state vegetable.
T is for triangle, namely the research triangle of North Carolina, where many scientists work.
U is for over 63 universities and colleges in North Carolina.
V is for the Vance monument in downtown Asheville, North Carolina.
W is for the Wright brothers, who flew their first planes in Kitty Hawk, North Carolina.
X is for WaXhaw, North Carolina, the home of the "Flathead" Indians.
Y is for the Yadkin River that flows into the Pee Dee River in North Carolina.
Z is for Zebulon Vance, the 43rd Governor of North Carolina.

What Am I?
What am I?
I belong to the mammal family.
I have brown fur, 4 limbs, a curly tail, a flat nose and eyes.
I move by leaping or walking.
I eat fruit and nits.
I live in tropical rainforests and jungles.
I begin my life as a kid and then become an adult.
I defend myself by running away.
I have many predators, including snakes.
What am I?
I am a monkey.

What Am I?
What am I?
I am an amphibian.
I am slimy and green.
I jump into water and swim in water.
I change colour.
I have two eyes and four legs.
I have long toes and jump high.
I eat insects.
I live in water and on surfaces.
I am born from eggs and change into tadpoles. Then I grow into an adult.
I get eaten by snakes and birds.
What am I?
I am a frog.

What Am I?
What am I?
I am an amphibian.
I have smooth skin and four legs.
I move by jumping.
I eat insects.
I live near ponds.
I start as an egg and hatch into a tadpole.
I defend myself by jumping away.
My predators are snakes and birds.
What am I?
I am a frog.

What Am I?
What am I?
I am a carnivore.  I am a member of the reptile family.
I have scales, and I can shed my skin.
I move by slithering.
I live in trees, bushes and long grass.
I eat birds, mice, rats and birds eggs.
I hatch from an egg.  I begin life as a baby.
I defend myself by biting, using my venom and constricting.
I have lots of predators, like birds and crocodiles.
What am I?
I am a snake.

What Am I?
What am I?
I belong to the mammal family.
I have a long tail, brown fur and four limbs.
I move by using my hands and feet to claw around the jungle.
I eat fruit and nits from my friends.
I live in trees and the gaps in the trees.
I turn from a baby to a grown up.
I climb up trees to hide.
My predators are lions, tigers and cheetahs.
What am I?
I am a monkey.

What Am I?
What am I?
I am a bird.
I have pink  and white feathers.
I eat grubs,insects and berries.
I begin life in an egg.
I squeak, bite, and fly.
My predators  are snakes and crocodiles.
What am  I?
I am a rainbow lorikeet.

One Syllable ABC
ARS
(art)
BŌS
(cow)
COR
(heart)
DENS
(tooth)
EX
(out of)
FLŌS
(flower)
GREX
(flock)
HĪC
(here)
IAM
(already)
K
(the letter K)
LUX 
(light)
MEL
(honey)
NUX
(nut)
ŌS
(mouth)
PONS
(bridge)
QUID
(what)
REX
(king)
SŌL
(sun)
T  Ū
(you)
VER
(spring)
X
(the letter X)
Y
(the letter Y)
Z
(the letter Z)

What Am I?
What Am I?
I am an amphibian.
I have smooth skin and four legs.
I move by jumping.
I eat flies and other small animals.
I live near ponds.
I hatch from eggs.
I hop first and then dive.
I have lots of predators.  My worst enemy is the snake.  My other enemies include birds.
What am I?
I am a frog.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I shed my skin.
I am a carnivore.
I am cold blooded and have scaly skin.
I am legless.
I belong to the reptile family.
I move by slithering.
I eat rats, mice, birds, insects and insect lavae.
I live in long grass and trees.
I defend myself by biting and using my venom.
I have many predators including kookaburras, hedgehogs and crocodiles.
What am I?
I am a snake.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I am a reptile.
I have 300 vertebrae.
I move by slithering.
I eat small animals.
I live under rocks or in the water.
I am an egg. Then, I hatch into a baby.  In 1 year, I turn into an adult.
I defend myself by poisoning and using my venom.
My predators are crocodiles and birds.
What am I?
I am a snake.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I belong to the mammal family.
I have two arms and legs, a long tail, fur, a round face and small ears.
I move by climbing and running on my legs and arms.
I eat fruits.
I live in the jungle and swing from tree to tree.
I begin life as a baby. I am born alive and then I grow up.
I defend myself by climbing up trees and swinging to trees.
My predators are lions and tigers.
What am I?
I am a monkey.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I am a reptile.
I have a long body.
I have scales.
I slither.
I eat birds and rabbits.
I live in the bush.
I hatch from  eggs.
What am I?
I am a snake.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I belong to the amphibian family.
I move by hopping.
I look quite small.
I am an omnivore.
I start as an egg, then I'm a tadpole.  Last, I grow into an adult.
I live in the water and on land.
I hop away to defend myself.  My predators are birds and crocodiles.
What am I?
I am a frog.

HERI, HODIE, CRAS
HERI, HODIE, CRAS
VOCABULA:
HODIE
today
HODIE
HERI
yesterday
HERI
CRAS
tomorrow
CRAS
SUBITO
suddenly ...
SUBITO
HODIE
CANIS IN VIA AMBULAT.
SUBITO ...
APPARET ELEPHAS.
CANIS ATTONITUS EST.
CANIS LATRAT
HERI ...
CANIS IN VIA AMBULABAT.
SUBITO
APPARUIT ELEPHAS.
CANIS ATTONITUS ERAT.
CANIS LATRAVIT.
CRAS
CANIS AMBULABIT.
SUBITO ...
ELEPHAS APPAREBIT.
CANIS ATTONITUS ERIT.
CANIS LATRABIT.
HODIE
FELES DORMIUNT.
SUBITO ...
CANTAT AVIS.
FELES EVIGILANT ...
ET DE FENESTRA SPECTANT.
HERI ...
FELES DORMIEBANT
SUBITO ...
CANTAVIT AVIS.
FELES EVIGILAVERUNT..
ET DE FENESTRA SPECTAVERUNT.
CRAS
FELES DORMIENT.
SUBITO ...
CANTABIT AVIS.
FELES EVIGILABUNT ...
ET DE FENESTRA SPECTABUNT.
TEMPUS FUGIT. FINIS EST!

Ecce Corpus
Hoc vero quid est?
Hoc est corpus.
Corpus est, non hocus-pocus. :-)
Voca illud!
Salve, O Corpus!
Salve!
Cujus est vox?
Vox corporis est!
Cui servis?
Corpori!
Qvem vides?
Corpus video.
Cumqvo ibis?
Corpore!
latinum.org.uk

Ecce Regina
Ecce regīna.
Quid est hoc?
Regīna est.
Pars regīnae est.
Quem vidēs?
Regīnam videō.
O tū, regīna!
Voca eam!
O regīna!!!
Salve, o tū, regīna!
Videō aliqvid in regīnā!!!
Addō partem regīnae!!
latinum.org.uk

Let's Go
Summer is here.  Let's go do things!
Let's go riding.
Let's go wash.
Let's go run.
Let's go swimming.
Let's go hiking.
Let's go to sleep.
Let's go read.
Let's go grilling.

Gallus et Margarita by Phaedrus (iambic trimeter - marked)
Gallus et Margarīta
In ster·culī·nō, pul·lus gal·līnā·ceus
dum quae·rit ēs·cam, mar·garī·tam rep·perit.
Iacēs · indīg·nō, quan·ta rēs, · inquit, · locō!
Hoc sī · quis pret·jī cup(i)·dus vī·disset · tuī,
ōlim · redīs·sēs ad · splendō·rem pris·tīnum.
Eg(o) quod · t(ē) invē·nī, pot·jor cui · mult(ō) est · cibus,
nec tib(ī) · prōdes·se, nec · mihī · quicquam · potest.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/5

Gallus et Margarita by Phaedrus (iambic trimeter)
Gallus et Margarīta
In sterculīnō, pullus gallīnāceus,
dum quaerit ēscam, margarītam repperit.
Iacēs indīgnō, quanta rēs, inquit, locō!
Hoc sī quis pretiī cupidus vīdisset tuī,
ōlim redīssēs ad splendōrem pristīnum.
Ego quod t(ē) invēnī, potior cui mult(ō) est cibus,
nec tibī prōdesse, nec mihī quicquam potest.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/5

Gallus et Margarita by Phaedrus (paraphrased - bilingual)
Gallus et Margarīta
The Rooster and The Pearl
Gallus et Margarīta
Pullus gallīnāceus,
dum quaerit ēscam,
A young rooster, while he is looking for food,
Pullus gallīnāceus, dum quaerit ēscam,
in sterculīnō
repperit margarītam.
finds a pearl in the manure heap.
in sterculīnō repperit margarītam.
Inquit:
Ō margarīta, quanta rēs es!
He says: O pearl, what a great thing you are!
Inquit: Ō margarīta, quanta rēs es!
Iacēs in indīgnō locō!
You are lying in this unworthy place.
Iacēs in indīgnō locō!
Sī quis cupidus pretiī tuī
vīdisset tē,
If someone craving a thing of your value had seen you,
Sī quis cupidus pretiī tuī vīdisset tē,
ōlim redīssēs ad splendōrem pristīnum.
you would one day have returned to your former magnificence.
ōlim redīssēs ad splendōrem pristīnum.
Sed ego tē invēnī,
et mihī cibus multō potior est.
But I am the one who found you, and for me, food is far more preferable.
Sed ego tē invēnī, et mihī cibus multō potior est.
Ego tibī prōdesse nōn possum,
nec quicquam hōc potest mihī.
I cannot do you any good, and this does nothing for me either.
Ego tibī prōdesse nōn possum, nec quicquam potest hōc mihī.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/5

Gallus et Margarita by Phaedrus (paraphrased)
Gallus et Margarīta
Pullus gallīnāceus,
dum quaerit ēscam,
repperit margarītam
in sterculīnō.
Inquit:
"Ō margarīta, quanta rēs es!
Iacēs in indīgnō locō!
Sī quis cupidus pretiī tuī
vīdisset tē,
ōlim redīssēs ad splendōrem pristīnum.
Sed ego tē invēnī,
et mihī cibus multō potior est.
Ego tibī prōdesse nōn possum,
nec quicquam potest hōc mihī."
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/5

Summer Things
Summer
Roller coaster
Baseball bat
Campfire
Bike
Pool
Parade
Flag

Summer
Ty is going swimming this summer.
Darius is going to watch TV this summer.
Elizabeth is going swimming with her mom this summer.
Raejauna is going to play with her Elmo this summer.
Daisy is going to sleep late this summer.
Jacob is going to play baseball this summer.
Jaime is going to play basketball this summer.
JD is going to run this summer.

Qvid hoc est?
Qvid ego conspicio?
Ignis  est.
Ignis ardet.
Vide ignem!
Qvid est?
Flamma  est.
Flamma flagrat.
Vide flammam.
Qvid hoc est?
Scintilla  est.
Scintilla gliscit.
Qvomodo id vocatur?
Nubes.
Nubes pendent in aere.
Hoc vero qvid est?
Fulgur  est.
Fulgur fulminat.
Qvid hoc?
Mola pneumatica est .
Qvid hoc est?
Pluvia est.
Aqva est.
Pluvia pluit.
Qvid est?
Nix  est.
Nix ningit.
Hoc vero qvid est?
Poculum est.
Aqva est.
Qvid hoc est?
Aqva  in poculo est.
Vide aqvam!
Hoc vero qvid est?
Fons est.
Qvid est?
Puteus est.
Vide puteum!
Hoc vero qvid est?
Gutta est.
Qvid hoc est?
Ros est. Ex vapore fit ros.
Qvid hoc est?
Pruina est. 
Ex vapore fit pruina.
Videsne vaporem?
Vaporem video.
latinum.org.uk

Formica et Cicada by Nequam (elegiac couplets)
Formīca et Cicāda
Formīcam brūmā nārrātur adīsse Cicāda,
Ut sibi frūmentī || paucula grāna daret.
Illa refert: "Cūr nōn sūdandō, tempore messis,
Haec tibi quaesīstī  || quae modo grāna petis?"
Rēspondēns: "Cantāns per amoena virēta vagābar;
Cantandī requiēs  || nōn erat ulla mihi."
Hinc Formīca refert: "Cantāstī tunc, modo saltā;
Nam sine tē comedam || parta labōre meō."
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Formica et Cicada  by Nequam (paraphrased - bilingual)
Formīca et Cicāda
Cicāda nārrātur
ad Formīcam adīsse
brūmā,
The grasshopper is said to have gone to the ant during the winter,
Cicāda nārrātur ad Formīcam adīsse brūmā,
ut Formīca sibi  daret
paucula grāna
frūmentī.
to ask the ant to give her a few little grains of food.
ut Formīca sibi  daret paucula grāna frūmenti.
Formīca refert:
The ant replies:
Formīca refert:
"Cūr nōn quaesīstī sūdandō
tempore messis
haec grāna,
"Why during harvest time did you not seek with your own sweat those grains
"Cūr nōn quaesīstī sūdandō tempore messis haec grāna,
quae modo nunc tibi petis?"
which you are now asking me to give you?"
quae modo nunc tibi petis?"
Cicāda rēspondet:
The grasshopper answers:
Cicāda rēspondet:
"Cantāns,
vagābar per amoena virēta."
"I sang and wandered through the lovely greenery."
"Cantāns, vagābar per amoena virēta."
"Nōn erat mihi ulla requiēs cantandī."
"I didn't take any break from singing at all."
"Nōn erat mihi ulla requiēs cantandī."
Hinc Formīca refert:
At this point the ant replies:
Hinc Formīca refert:
"Tunc cantāstī;
modo nunc saltā!"
"You sang then; now dance!"
"Tunc cantāstī; modo nunc saltā!"
"Nam haec grāna, parta labōre meō,
sine tē comedam."
"I'm going to eat my grains without you, since I got them by my own hard work."
"Nam haec grāna, parta labōre meō, sine tē comedam."
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Formica et Cicada by Nequam (paraphrased)
Formīca et Cicāda
Cicāda nārrātur
ad Formīcam adīsse
brūmā,
ut Formīca sibi  daret
paucula grāna
frūmentī.
Formīca refert:
"Cūr nōn quaesīstī sūdandō
tempore messis
haec grāna,
quae modo nunc tibi petis?"
Cicāda rēspondet:
"Cantāns,
vagābar per amoena virēta."
"Nōn erat mihi ulla requiēs cantandī."
Hinc Formīca refert:
"Tunc cantāstī;
modo nunc saltā!"
"Nam haec grāna, parta labōre meō,
sine tē comedam."
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Sunflower
My family and I lived in Iran.
We had a small back yard.
My mom and I planted some sunflower seeds.
We watered the seeds everyday on time.
After one month, the seeds grew into seedlings.
The seedlings grew into a cute sunflower.
We were really happy when the sunflower grew.
My family and I like sunflowers a lot.

Seeds in India
This is wheat, the most popular food to my family.
These are some flowers from my family's garden.
These are sunflowers.
These are the flowers from a community garden in my village.
These are oranges.
This is my favourite fruit. It's called sugarcane.
This is a another fruit called pomegranate.
This is a fruit that my uncle used to bring for me everyday.
Fruits are good for your health.

Wheat
This is wheat. Wheat is popular in the world. In Pakistan, we grow wheat in November.
The wheat seed is my family seed.
Wheat is used  in almost everything.
It takes 6 months to get ready.
Wheat is ready on April 13th.
The seeds look like this when they are good to use.
Here is a popular production of food made from wheat.
There is a picture of wheat on American money.

Bananas
These are bananas.
These are banana trees.
This is the bud of the banana flower.
Banana, come out!
My family sells bananas.
Monkeys like to eat bananas.
This cake is made from bananas.
My father teaches people how to plant bananas.

Rice
This is rice.
These are rice plants.
This is how I cook rice at home.
Oxen help to harvest the rice.
People use their hands to harvest.
Some rice is planted in water.
Some rice is planted on mountains.
My family  eats rice every day.

My Rose
This is my beautiful rose.
I have roses in many different colors.
I can decorate a cake with roses.
This is my angel, who takes care of my roses.
My rose in winter is a little bit dead.
This is my picture of roses.
This is a bouquet of roses for my mom.
This is a garden rose on my patio.

Summer Vacation
Summer is sailing.
Summer is birthdays.
Summer is swimming.
Summer is hanging out with friends at home and school.
Summer is camping.
Summer is laughing with my friends.
Summer is fishing with my family.
Summer is fun with my friend, Jeff.
Summer is dancing  with my Mom and Dad.
Summer is fireworks!!

Formica et Cicada by Caspar Barth (iambic dimeter)
Formīca et Cicāda
Cicāda cum  canendō
Trīvisset omne tempus
Aptum  penū  parandō,
Hjem(e) ingruente coepit
Vīctū  carēre. Sed  cum
Inaudiisset esse
Formīc(am) e(ō) adfluentem
Ad (e)am  profecta, coepit
Orāre pasceret  sē.
Formīca parca, quid  nam
Aestāte factitāsset
Rogāre, quō  minus  sē
Hjemī  cib(ō) ingruentī
Obmūnīvisset? illa
Cantāsse sē  profess(a) est.
Nunc ergō, cantilēnīs
Saltēs  licet,   peractīs.
Rēspondit, in  cavumque
Formīca rētrōvers(a) est.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Formica et Cicada by Caspar Barth (iambic dimeter marked)
Formīca et Cicāda
Cicā·da cum · canen·dō
Trīvis·set om·ne tem·pus
Aptum · penū · paran·dō,
Hjem(e) in·gruen·te coe·pit
Vīctū · carē·re. Sed · cum
Inau·diis·set es·se
Formī·c(am) e(ō) ad·fluen·tem
Ad (e)am · profec·ta, coe·pit
Orā·re pas·ceret · sē.
Formī·ca par·ca, quid · nam
Aestā·te fact·itās·set
Rogā·re, quō · minus · sē
Hjemī · cib(ō) in·gruen·tī
Obmū·nīvis·set? il·la
Cantās·se sē · profes·s(a) est.
Nunc er·gō, can·tilē·nīs,
Saltēs · licet, · perac·tīs.
Rēspon·dit, in · cavum·que
Formī·ca rē·trōver·s(a) est.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Formica et Cicada by Caspar Barth  (paraphrased - bilingual)
Formīca et Cicāda
The Ant and The Grasshopper
Formīca et Cicāda
Cicāda
canendō
trīvit omne tempus
aptum penū parandō.
The grasshopper, with her singing, wasted all the time fit for preparing food.
Cicāda canendō trīvit omne tempus aptum penū parandō.
Hieme ingruente,
vīctū carēre coepit.
With winter coming on, the grasshopper started to lack food.
Hieme ingruente, vīctū carēre coepit.
Sed inaudīvit Cicāda
Formīcam esse
vīctū adfluentem.
But the grasshopper heard that the ant was overflowing with food.
Sed inaudīvit Cicāda Formīcam esse vīctū adfluentem.
Cicāda ad Formīcam profecta est,
et orāre coepit:
So the grasshopper went to the ant and started to beg her:
Cicāda ad Formīcam profecta est, et orāre coepit:
"Ō Formīca, pasce me!"
"O Ant, feed me!"
"Ō Formīca, pasce me!"
Formīca parca est, et rogat:
The ant is frugal, and asks:
Formīca parca est, et rogat:
"Quid nam aestāte factitābās?"
"Well, what were you doing during the summer?"
"Quid nam aestāte factitābās?"
"Minimē te obmūnīvistī cibō
hiemī ingruentī!"
"You did not safeguard yourself with any food at all for the coming winter."
"Minimē te obmūnīvistī cibō hiemī ingruentī!"
Cicāda professa est:
"Cantābam."
The grasshopper confessed: "I was singing."
Cicāda professa est: "Cantābam."
Formīca rēspondit:
The ant replied:
Formīca rēspondit:
"Ergō: licet  cantilēnīs peractīs,
nunc saltēs."
"So, even if your songs are over, now you will dance!"
"Ergō: licet  cantilēnīs peractīs, nunc saltēs."
In cavum
Formīca rētrōversa est.
And the ant went back into her hole.
In cavum Formīca rētrōversa est.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Summer
Summer
Roller coaster
Parade
Rides
Zoo
Fishing pole
Campfire
Tent
Swim suit
Pool

Formica et Cicada by Caspar Barth (paraphrased)
Formīca et Cicāda
Cicāda
canendō
trīvit omne tempus
aptum penū parandō.
Hieme ingruente,
vīctū carēre coepit.
Sed inaudīvit Cicāda
Formīcam esse
vīctū adfluentem.
Cicāda ad Formīcam profecta est,
et orāre coepit:
"Ō Formīca, pasce me!"
Formīca parca est, et rogat:
"Quid nam aestāte factitābās?"
"Minimē te obmūnīvistī cibō
hiemī ingruentī!"
Cicāda professa est:
"Cantābam."
Formīca rēspondit:
"Ergō: licet  cantilēnīs peractīs,
nunc saltēs."
Et Formīca rētrōversa est
in cavum.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

My Garden
Hummingbirds visit my garden to get nectar from the flowers.
Bees are important to pollinate the flowers.
Many kinds of water lilies grow in my pond.
Butterflies also visit my garden to drink nectar from the many kinds of flowers.
Peonies are one of my favorite flowers.
The iris is a beautiful flower that is one of the first to bloom in my garden.

The Fruit and Vegetable Store
At the store, there are many vegetables and fruit.
There are potatoes,
pumpkins,
beans,
tomatoes,
capsicums,
carrots,
broccoli,
lettuce,
zucchini,
and spinach.
There are also lemons,
oranges,
watermelon,
bananas,
pears,
and many types of apples.
Some apples are red and some are green.
With fruit bought from the store,
a lovely fruit salad...
can be made.

Gardens are Never Boring
This is our family!!!
We are not a big family, but we love each other!!
We came from a country that grows wheat,
grapes,
nuts,
corn,
and many other different types of vegetables!!!
My mother likes gardening.
She is always looking for different types of seeds.
Back home we had a big garden, so she could sow all kinds of seeds.
My brother,
and me always helped her with work in the garden!!
Each year in our garden, we had gladioli,
roses (my sister's favorites),
tulips (my favorites),
dogberry,
daffodils,
and many other types of flowers.
We also grew  vegetables in the garden...
like peppers,
carrots,
potatoes,
tomatoes,
onions,
garlic,
dill,
and parsley!
In the garden, we also have fruit trees and other types of fruits.
Grapes,
apples,
peaches,
raspberries,
strawberries,
and plums. I like to eat plums the most.  I eat them directly from the garden. Mmm, so good!!
A garden is never boring. There is always something new in it and it's always something special!!

My Mom and Wheat
Every year, my mom grows wheat for celebrating the New Year.
Everyday, she waters the wheat to help it grow.
She puts a sheet on it to protect it from insects.
She pulls the weeds and bad plants out from the good ones.
The wheat grows and everyday it gets bigger.
When the wheat gets big, she separates it from its shafts.
She makes bread from it.
The bread that my mom makes is the best bread I have ever tasted.
My mom makes SAMANAK from the wheat.
Samanak is a kind of sweet dessert and it's so delicious.

Formica et Cicada: Repetite!
Formíca et Cicáda
___ ___ ___
Formíca et Cicáda
Ecce Formíca!
___ ___!
Ecce Formíca!
Formíca negotiósa est, et prudens.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Formíca negotiósa est, et prudens.
In aestáte, Formíca labórat...
... cólligens fruméntum.
___ ___, ___ ___, ___ ___.
In aestáte, Formíca labórat, cólligens fruméntum.
Colléctum fruméntum trahit...
... in cavérnam suam.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Colléctum fruméntum trahit in cavérnam suam.
Cibum repónit in aestáte...
...ut cómedat in híeme.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Cibum repónit in aestáte, ut cómedat in híeme.
Ecce Cicáda!
___ ___!
Ecce Cicáda!
Cicáda otiósa est, et imprúdens.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___
Cicáda otiósa est, et imprúdens.
In aestáte, Cicáda cantat...
... et non labórat.
___ ___, ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
In aestáte, Cicáda cantat, et non labórat.
Sed mox tempus híemis ádvenit...
... cum magno frígore.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Sed mox tempus híemis ádvenit, cum magno frígore.
Formíca in cavérna sua  manet...
...cómedens cibum suum.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Formíca in cavérna sua  manet, cómedens cibum suum.
Sed Cicáda cibum non habet.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Sed Cicáda cibum non habet.
Auxílium quaerens, Cicáda venit...
... ad Formícae iánuam.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Auxílium quaerens, Cicáda venit ad Formícae iánuam.
Famélica Cicáda clamat:
___ ___ ___:
Famélica Cicáda clamat:
"O Formíca, te implóro...
... da mihi cibum!"
"___ ___, ___ ___: ___ ___ ___!"
"O Formíca, te implóro: da mihi cibum!"
"Cópiam habes tu, et ego nihil."
"___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___."
"Cópiam habes tu, et ego nihil."
"Fame iam moritúra sum!"
"___ ___ ___ ___!"
"Fame iam moritúra sum!"
Sed Formíca Cicádam intérrogat:
___ ___ ___ ___:
Sed Formíca Cicádam intérrogat:
"Ego tota aestáte laborábam...
... colligens frumentum.
"___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___."
"Ego tota aestáte laborábam, et fruméntum colligébam."
"Dum ego sic laborábam, quid agébas tu?"
"___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___?"
"Dum ego sic laborábam, quid agébas tu?"
Cicáda respóndet:
___ ___:
Cicáda respóndet:
"Per flores errábam...
... et per grámina."
"___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___."
"Per flores errábam, et per grámina."
"Cármina cantábam ómnibus, gratis."
"___ ___ ___, ___."
"Cármina cantábam ómnibus, gratis."
"Hoc erat mihi opus aestívum."
"___ ___ ___ ___ ___."
"Hoc erat mihi opus aestívum."
Formíca ridet, et iánuam claudit:
___ ___, ___ ___ ___:
Formíca ridet, et iánuam claudit:
"Si aestáte cantábas...
... híeme nunc salta!"
"___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___."
"Si aestáte cantábas, híeme nunc salta!"
Fábula docet:
___ ___:
Fábula docet:
Sine labóre...
...non erit panis in ore.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Sine labóre, non erit panis in ore.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Formica et Cicada: The Ant and The Grasshopper
Formíca et Cicáda
The Ant and The Grasshopper
Formíca et Cicáda
Ecce Formíca!
This is an ant.
Ecce Formíca!
Formíca negotiósa est, et prudens.
The ant works hard, and thinks about the future.
Formíca negotiósa est, et prudens.
In aestáte, Formíca labórat...
... cólligens fruméntum.
In summer, the ant works hard, gathering food.
In aestáte, Formíca labórat, cólligens fruméntum.
Colléctum fruméntum trahit...
... in cavérnam suam.
Then it drags the food it has gathered into its hole.
Colléctum fruméntum trahit in cavérnam suam.
Cibum repónit in aestáte...
...ut cómedat in híeme.
The ant stores up food in the summer to eat in the winter.
Cibum repónit in aestáte, ut cómedat in híeme.
Ecce Cicáda!
This is a grasshopper.
Ecce Cicáda!
Cicáda otiósa est, et imprúdens.
The grasshopper takes it easy, not thinking about the future.
Cicáda otiósa est, et imprúdens.
In aestáte, Cicáda cantat...
... et non labórat.
In summer, the grasshopper sings and does not work hard.
In aestáte, Cicáda cantat, et non labórat.
Sed mox tempus híemis ádvenit...
... cum magno frígore.
Soon winter time arrives, with very cold weather.
Sed mox tempus híemis ádvenit, cum magno frígore.
Formíca in cavérna sua  manet...
...cómedens cibum suum.
The ant stays in its hole, eating its food.
Formíca in cavérna sua  manet, cómedens cibum suum.
Sed Cicáda cibum non habet.
But the grasshopper doesn't have any food.
Sed Cicáda cibum non habet.
Auxílium quaerens, Cicáda venit...
... ad Formícae iánuam.
Looking for help, the grasshopper comes to the ant's door.
Auxílium quaerens, Cicáda venit ad Formícae iánuam.
Famélica Cicáda clamat:
The hungry grasshopper shouts:
Famélica Cicáda clamat:
"O Formíca, te implóro...
... da mihi cibum!"
"O Ant, I beg you: give me some food!"
"O Formíca, te implóro: da mihi cibum!"
"Cópiam habes tu, et ego nihil."
"You have a lot of food, and I don't have any."
"Cópiam habes tu, et ego nihil."
"Fame iam moritúra sum!"
"I am about to die of hunger!"
"Fame iam moritúra sum!"
Sed Formíca Cicádam intérrogat:
But the ant has some questions for the grasshopper:
Sed Formíca Cicádam intérrogat:
"Ego tota aestáte laborábam...
... cólligens fruméntum.
"I worked all summer long, gathering food."
"Ego tota aestáte laborábam, cólligens fruméntum."
"Dum ego sic laborábam, quid agébas tu?"
"While I was working, what were YOU up to?"
"Dum ego sic laborábam, quid agébas tu?"
Cicáda respóndet:
The grasshopper answers:
Cicáda respóndet:
"Per flores errábam...
... et per grámina."
"I was wandering among the flowers and in the grass."
"Per flores errábam, et per grámina."
"Cármina cantábam ómnibus, gratis."
"I sang songs for everybody, free of charge."
"Cármina cantábam ómnibus, gratis."
"Hoc erat mihi opus aestívum."
"That was my task for the summer."
"Hoc erat mihi opus aestívum."
Formíca ridet et iánuam claudit:
The ant laughs and closes the door:
Formíca ridet et iánuam claudit:
"Si aestáte cantábas...
... híeme nunc salta!"
"If you sang for the summer, now dance for the winter!"
"Si aestáte cantábas, híeme nunc salta!"
Fábula docet:
The moral of the story:
Fábula docet:
Sine labóre...
...non erit panis in ore.
If you don't work, you won't have bread to eat.
Sine labóre, non erit panis in ore.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Regina Purpurea
Puella laeta.
 Coronam florum habet.
Ursus purpureus ei est.
Simius purpureus ei est.
Agnus purpureus ei est.
Animalia purpurea ei sunt.
Flores purpurei ei sunt.
Arca parva purpurea ei est.
Globus purpureus ei est.
Puella in pallio purpureo sedet.
Puella habet saccum purpureum.
Puella soleas purpureas habet.
Puella florem purpureum texit.
Puella aquam ex poculo purpureo bibit.
Puella uvam purpuream ēst.
Ecce regina purpurea!

The Ant and the Grasshopper
The Ant and the Grasshopper
This is an ant.
The ant works hard and thinks about the future.
In summer, the ant works...
gathering food.
Then it drags the food away...
into its hole.
The ant stores up food during the summer...
so that it will have something to eat in the winter.
This is a grasshopper.
The grasshopper takes it easy, not thinking about the future.
In summer, the grasshopper  sings...
but it does not do any work.
Soon winter time arrives...
and the weather is very cold.
The ant stays in its hole...
eating its food.
But the grasshopper doesn't have any food.
Hoping to get help, the grasshopper goes...
and knocks on the ant's door.
The hungry grasshopper shouts:
"Oh  Ant, I beg you!"
"Give me some food!"
"You have so much food, and I don't have any."
"I am about to die of hunger!"
But the ant has some questions for the grasshopper:
"I worked all summer long...
gathering food."
"While I was working, what were YOU doing?"
The grasshopper answers:
"I was wandering among the flowers...
and in the grass."
"I sang songs for everybody, free of charge."
"That is what I did this summer!"
The ant laughs and closes the door:
"If you sang during the summer...
you can dance to stay warm in the  winter."
The moral of the story:
If you don't work...
you don't eat.

Formica et Cicada
Formíca et Cicáda
Ecce Formíca!
Formíca negotiósa est, et prudens.
In aestáte, Formíca labórat...
... cólligens fruméntum.
Colléctum fruméntum trahit...
... in cavérnam suam.
Cibum repónit in aestáte...
...ut cómedat in híeme.
Ecce Cicáda!
Cicáda otiósa est, et imprúdens.
In aestáte, Cicáda cantat...
... et non labórat.
Sed mox tempus híemis ádvenit...
... cum magno frígore.
Formíca in cavérna sua  manet...
...cómedens cibum suum.
Sed Cicáda cibum non habet.
Auxílium quaerens, Cicáda venit...
... ad Formícae iánuam.
Famélica Cicáda clamat:
"O Formíca, te implóro...
... da mihi cibum!"
"Cópiam habes tu, et ego nihil."
"Fame iam moritúra sum!"
Sed Formíca Cicádam intérrogat:
"Ego tota aestáte laborábam...
... cólligens fruméntum.
"Dum ego sic laborábam, quid agébas tu?"
Cicáda respóndet:
"Per flores errábam...
... et per grámina."
"Cármina cantábam ómnibus, gratis."
"Hoc erat mihi opus aestívum."
Formíca ridet et iánuam claudit:
"Si aestáte cantábas...
... híeme nunc salta!"
Fábula docet:
Sine labóre...
...non erit panis in ore.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

God Made Them All, Too!
God made warthogs, too!
God made spiders, too!
God made cockroaches, too!
God made snakes, too!
God made sharks, too!
God made crocodiles, too!
God made jellyfish, too!
God made octopi, too!
God made rats, too!
God made donkeys, too!

God Made Them All
God made the lambs.
God made the puppies.
God made horses.
God made meerkats.
God made dolphins.
God made tigers.
God made eagles.
God made clown fish.
God made giraffes.
God made cows.

Water
Water
Water helps plants grow.
Water gives life.
Water creates beauty.
Water moves.
Water is for drinking.
Water is for swimming.
Water is for playing.
Water is for washing.
Water is for baptizing.
Water is for everyone and everything.

A Fox and a Worm
A fox changes its coat.
A cat catches mice.
A chicken lays eggs.
A goose feeds on oats.
Look, oats!
Worms chew on mud.
Lice bite the skin.
An ant is hard-working.
A spider is creative.
Bees prick with a sting.
Whatever is alive, is lively.
John Comenius  wrote this in 1657.

Vulpes et Vermes
Vulpes pilos mutat.
Catus (felis) mures capit.
Gallina ova parit.
Anser avena vescitur.
Ecce: avena
Vermes lutum rodunt.
Pediculi cutem mordent.
Formica est laboriosa.
Aranea artificiosa est.
Apes pungunt aculeo.
Qvicqvid vivit, viget.
latinum.org.uk

Vulpes et Vermes - A Fox and A Worm
Vulpes pilos mutat.
A fox changes its coat.
Catus (felis) mures capit.
A cat catches mice.
Gallina ova parit.
A chicken lays eggs.
Anser avena vescitur.
A goose feeds on oats.
Ecce: avena
Look: oats!
Vermes lutum rodunt.
Worms chew on mud.
Pediculi cutem mordent.
Lice bite the skin.
Formica est laboriosa.
An ant is hard-working.
Aranea artificiosa est.
A spider is creative.
Apes pungunt aculeo.
Bees prick with a sting.
Qvicqvid vivit, viget.
Whatever is alive, is lively.
latinum.org.uk

About  Plants
A plant grows.
A leaf turns green.
A flower flowers.
Fruit ripens.
Bend the branch to pick fruit!
Whether they are pears.
Whether they are plums.
Whether they are cherries.
Look! A nut.
A nut contains a kernel.
A rose smells good.
Nettle burns.
John Comenius wrote this book in 1657.

Plantarum
Herba crescit.
Folium viret.
Flos floret.
Fructus maturescit.
Flecte ramum ut carpas!
Sive sunt pira.
Sive sunt pruna.
Sive sunt cerasa.
Ecce: nux.
Nux nucleum continet.
Rosa bene olet.
Urtica urit.
latinum.org.uk

Plantarum - Of Plants
Herba crescit.
A plant grows.
Folium viret.
A leaf turns green.
Flos floret.
A flower flowers.
Fructus maturescit.
Fruit ripens.
Flecte ramum ut carpas!
Bend the branch to pick fruit!
Sive sunt pira.
Whether they are pears.
Sive sunt pruna.
Whether they are plums.
Sive sunt cerasa.
Whether they are cherries.
Ecce: nux.
Look! a nut.
Nux nucleum continet.
A nut contains a kernel.
Rosa bene olet.
A rose smells good.
Urtica urit.
Nettle burns.
latinum.org.uk

Proverbs About Fish
Proverbs About Fish
Fish gotta swim.
Don't try to teach a fish to swim.
A monk outside of his cell...
is like a fish out of water.
The cat loves fish...
but it refuses to get in the water.
People are hooked on pleasures...
just like  fish on a hook.
Without a fishing hook...
you cannot catch a fish.
A fish starts to stink...
from the head  down.
After three days, fish stink...
and so do house guests.
You won't find fish in every river.
In a big river...
you can catch a big fish.
Turbulent waters...
are more full of fish.
You haven't caught the fish...
and you're already stirring the sauce.
After it's caught, a fish wants wine...
when it's alive, a fish wants water.
The big fish eat the little fish.

Proverbs About Horses
Proverbs About Horses
A horse pulls the chariot...
an ox pulls the plow.
If someone was a donkey here...
he won't become a horse somewhere else.
The horse often fights back...
against the reins.
Golden reins...
do not make a better horse.
If someone doesn't have a horse...
he'll have to go on foot.
Drive your horse...
towards the finish line.
When a horse is running...
there's no need of spurs.
A thoroughbred horse...
even responds to the shadow of the riding crop.
Keep your distance...
from a horse's hooves.
Don't look a gift horse...
in the mouth.
When a horse is old...
give him less to carry.
O Trojans...
beware of the horse!

Proverbia de Piscibus: Repetite!
Provérbia de Píscibus
___ ___ ___
Provérbia de Píscibus
Pisces natáre opórtet.
___ ___ ___.
Pisces natáre opórtet.
Ne piscem natáre docúeris.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Ne piscem natáre docúeris.
Ut piscis extra aquam...
... sic mónachus extra cellam.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Ut piscis extra aquam, sic mónachus extra cellam.
Feles amat pisces...
... sed aquas intráre recúsat.
___ ___ ___,  ___ ___ ___ ___.
Feles amat pisces, sed aquas intráre recúsat.
Voluptáte hómines capiúntur...
... ut hamo pisces.
___ ___ ___,  ___ ___ ___.
Voluptáte hómines capiúntur, ut hamo pisces.
Curvo sine hamo...
... piscem non cápies.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___
Curvo sine hamo, piscem non cápies.
A cápite...
... foetet piscis.
___ ___ ___ ___.
A cápite foetet piscis.
Post tres dies, piscis viléscit ...
... et hospes.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___,  ___ ___.
Post tres dies, piscis viléscit, et hospes.
Non omni flúvio pisces.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Non omni flúvio pisces.
In magno magni...
...capiúntur flúmine pisces.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
In magno magni capiúntur flúmine pisces.
Aqua túrbida ...
... piscósior est.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Aqua túrbida piscósior est.
Ántequam pisces céperis...
... múriam misces.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Ántequam pisces céperis, múriam misces.
Piscis captívus vinum vult...
... flúmina vivus.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Piscis captívus vinum vult, flúmina vivus.
Piscem vorat maior minórem.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Piscem vorat maior minórem.
Pisces
LatinViaProverbs.com

Proverbia de Piscibus: Proverbs about Fish
Provérbia de Píscibus
Proverbs about Fish
Provérbia de Píscibus
Pisces natáre opórtet.
Fish gotta swim.
Pisces natáre opórtet.
Ne piscem natáre docúeris.
Don't try to teach a fish to swim.
Ne piscem natáre docúeris.
Ut piscis extra aquam...
... sic mónachus extra cellam.
A fish out of water is like a monk out of his cell.
Ut piscis extra aquam, sic mónachus extra cellam.
Feles amat pisces...
... sed aquas intráre recúsat.
A cat loves fish, but refuses to get in the water.
Feles amat pisces, sed aquas intráre recúsat.
Voluptáte hómines capiúntur...
... ut hamo pisces.
People are captured by pleasure, like fish on a hook.
Voluptáte hómines capiúntur, ut hamo pisces.
Curvo sine hamo...
... piscem non cápies.
Without the curved fishhook, you will not catch a fish.
Curvo sine hamo piscem non cápies.
A cápite...
... foetet piscis.
A fish stinks starting from the head downward.
A cápite foetet piscis.
Post tres dies, piscis viléscit ...
... et hospes.
After three days, a fish stinks, and so does a houseguest.
Post tres dies, piscis viléscit, et hospes.
Non omni flúvio pisces.
There are not fish in every river.
Non omni flúvio pisces.
In magno magni...
...capiúntur flúmine pisces.
Big fish are caught in a big river.
In magno magni capiúntur flúmine pisces.
Aqua túrbida ...
... piscósior est.
Turbulent waters are more full of fish.
Aqua túrbida piscósior est.
Ántequam pisces céperis...
... múriam misces.
Before you've caught the fish, you're mixing the fish sauce.
Ántequam pisces céperis, múriam misces.
Piscis captívus vinum vult...
... flúmina vivus.
A fish when it's caught wants wine; when it's alive, it wants rivers.
Piscis captívus vinum vult, flúmina vivus.
Piscem vorat maior minórem.
The bigger fish eats the smaller fish.
Piscem vorat maior minórem.
Pisces
LatinViaProverbs.com

Proverbia de Piscibus
Provérbia de Píscibus
Pisces natáre opórtet.
Ne piscem natáre docúeris.
Ut piscis extra aquam...
... sic mónachus extra cellam.
Feles amat pisces...
... sed aquas intráre recúsat.
Voluptáte hómines capiúntur...
... ut hamo pisces.
Curvo sine hamo...
... piscem non cápies.
A cápite...
... foetet piscis.
Post tres dies piscis viléscit ...
... et hospes.
Non omni flúvio pisces.
In magno magni...
...capiúntur flúmine pisces.
Aqua túrbida ...
... piscósior est.
Ántequam pisces céperis...
... múriam misces.
Piscis captívus vinum vult...
... flúmina vivus.
Piscem vorat maior minórem.
Pisces
LatinViaProverbs.com

De Tellure
Ecce: Tellus (Terra).
Ex revolutione Telluris diurna,
provenit ut non sphaera sit,
sed sphaeroida oblata.
Ecce: sphaera.
Sphaera est rotunda.
Ecce: sphaeroida oblata.
Sphaeroida oblata non sphaera rotunda est, sed oblata.
Ecce: sphaeroida oblata.
Sphaeroida oblata....
cujus diameter aeqvatorius exsuperat axem..
circiter 37 milliaribus anglicanis.
Ecce: axis.
Ecce: diametros (linea media)
Ecce: aeqvator
Diameter Telluris est 7926 milliarium.
Tellus movetur circa solem...
spatio 365 dierum...et..
5 horarum....
et 48 minutarum.
latinum.org.uk

Natura
stagnum, -i (n)     Stagnum est serenum.
herba, -ae (f) 

Herba est viridis.
arbor, arboris (f)
Arbor est rubra.
ventus, -i (m)  

Ventus arbores agitat.
campus, -i (m)  

Campus est magnus.
flos, floris (m)

Flos est albus et croceus.
ager, agri (m)

Ager est in ordinibus aratus.
nubes, -is (f)

Sunt multae nubes in caelo.
sol, -is (m)
Sol lucet.
pluvia, -ae (f)
Pluvia murum madefacit.
silva, -ae (f)
Silva est plena vitae.
rivulus, -i (m)
Animalia saepe ad rivulum bibunt.
collis, -is (m) 


Collis est latus.
valles, -is (f)
Valles inter colles est.
luna, -ae (f)
Luna est longinqua.
saxum, -i (n)
Est saxum magnum in campo.
Sunt flores in herba.
Sunt flores in saxo.
Sunt saxa in herba.
finis

Elementorum
Ignis ardet.
Flamma flagrat.
Scintilla gliscit.
Tonitrus tonat.
Fulgur fulgurat.
Ventus flat.
Pluvia pluit.
Nix ningit.
Aqva in plano fluit.
Ex vase manat aqva.
E fonte aqva salit.
E puteo hauritur.
Gutta stillat.
Ex vapore fit ros.
Ex vapore fit pruina.
latinum.org.uk

Celestium Actiones
Sol lucet.
Luna splendet.
Stellae micant.
Mane incipit dies.
Vesperi incipit nox.

Celestium Actiones - The Sky
Sol lucet.
The sun shines.
Luna splendet.
The moon is bright.
Stellae micant.
The stars twinkle.
Mane incipit dies.
The day begins in the morning.
Vesperi incipit nox.
The night begins in the evening.

Comparing and Describing
The first is educated.
The second is more educated.
The third is most educated.
A bull is large.
A camel is larger.
An elephant is the largest.
A sparrow is small.
A titmouse is smaller.
A wren is smallest.
Beer is good.
Mead is better.
Wine is best.
A lizard is bad.
A viper is worse.
An asp is the worst.
A ducat (a type of coin) is gold.
A dollar is silver.
A kettle is copper.
A 'kantharos' is tin.
A hammer is iron.
A bench is wooden.
A wall is stone.
John Comenius wrote this book in 1657.

Comparativa et Denominativa
Primus est doctus.
Secundus, doctior.
Tertius, doctissimus.
Taurus magnus est.
Camelus major est.
Elephas maximus est.
Passer parvus est.
Parus minor est.
Trochilus, minimus est.
Cerevisia bona est.
Mulsum melius est :-)
Vinum optimum est.
Lacerta mala est.
Vipera pejor est.
Aspis pessima est.
Aureus ducatus est.
Thalerus argenteus est.
Ahenum cupreum est.
Cantharus stanneus est.
Malleus ferreus est.
Scamnum ligneum est.
Murus lapideus est.
latinum.org.uk

Comparativa - Comparisons
Primus est doctus.
The first is educated.
Secundus, doctior.
The second is more educated.
Tertius, doctissimus.
The third, is most educated.
Taurus magnus est.
A bull is large.
Camelus major est.
A camel is larger.
Elephas maximus est.
An elephant is the largest.
Passer parvus est.
A sparrow is small.
Parus minor est.
A titmouse is smaller.
Trochilus, minimus est.
A wren is smallest.
Cerevisia bona est.
Beer is good.
Mulsum melius est :-)
Mead is better.
Vinum optimum est.
Wine is best.
Lacerta mala est.
A lizard is bad.
Vipera pejor est.
A viper is worse.
Aspis pessima est.
An asp is the worst.
Aureus ducatus est.
A ducat ( a type of coin) is gold.
Thalerus argenteus est.
A dollar is silver.
Ahenum cupreum est.
A kettle is copper.
Cantharus stanneus est.
A 'kantharos' is tin.
Malleus ferreus est.
A hammer is iron.
Scamnum ligneum est.
A bench is wooden.
Murus lapideus est.
A wall is stone.
latinum.mypodcast.com

Sylva densa est.
Sylva densa est.
Sylva rara est.
Ager fecundus est.
Ager sterilis est.
Ager fecundus aut sterilis est.
Motus celer est.
Motus tardus est.
Motus est celer aut tardus.
Cursor alacer est.
Piger est cursor.
Cursor alacer aut piger est.
Securis acuta est.
Securis stupida est.
Acuta securis vel stupida est.
Hebes est securis.
Operarius ignavus est.
Operarius gnavus est.
Gnavus aut ignavus est operarius.
Cibus crudus est.
Cibus coctus est.
Cibus crudus vel coctus est.
Sermo jocosus est.
Sermo serius est.
Sermo jocosus est, vel serius.
Historia certa est.
Historia dubia est.
Historia certa aut dubia est.
Testimonium verum est.
Testimonium falsum est.
Testimonium verum aut falsum est.
latinum.mypodcast.com

Sylva densa est. A wood is thick.
Sylva densa est.
A wood is thick.
Sylva rara est.
A wood is thin.
Ager fecundus est.
A field is fertile.
Ager sterilis est.
A field is barren.
Motus celer est.
Motion is fast.
Motus tardus est.
Motion is slow.
Cursor alacer est.
A runner is speedy.
Piger est cursor.
A runner is sluggish.
Securis acuta est.
An axe is sharp.
Securis stupida est.
An axe is dull.
Hebes est securis.
An axe is blunt.
Operarius ignavus est.
A work-man is slothful.
Operarius gnavus est.
A work-man is hard-working.
Cibus crudus est.
Food is raw.
Cibus coctus est.
Food is cooked.
Sermo jocosus est.
A speech is funny.
Sermo serius est.
A speech is serious.
Sermo jocosus est, vel serius.
A speech is serious or funny.
Historia certa est.
A story is certain.
Historia dubia est.
A story is doubtful.
Historia certa aut dubia est.
A story is certain or doubtful.
Testimonium verum est.
A testimony is true.
Testimonium falsum est.
A testimony is false.
Testimonium verum aut falsum est.
A testimony is true or false.
latinum.org.uk

Dogs
I love dogs.
There are many kinds of dogs.
Some are tall.
Some are short.
Some are happy.
Some are grumpy.
Some are smart.
Some...not so much.
They are our babies.

Spring
Spring
Spring is pink and black.
Spring is barbecue.
Spring is flowers.
Spring is watering.
Spring is cows having babies.
Spring is planting.
Spring is rain.

Valentine's Day
Happy Valentine's Day.
A red rose for Valentine's Day
A red heart for Valentine's Day.
Candy for Valentine's Day.
Chocolate for Valentine's Day.
Kisses for Valentine's Day.
I love you.

Winter Fun
Winter Fun
Skiing is fun.
Skating is fun.
Hockey is fun.
Tobogganing is fun.
Snowman building is fun.

Arm's Length
When my arm is out straight, we don't touch. That's an arm's length.
We walk together an arm's length away.
While we talk, we are an arm's length away.
I won't touch you when we talk.
I won't bump into you when I walk by.
When I walk by older people...
or people who use a cane,
I'll slow down and give them a little more room.
When I see people talking, I will not walk between them. I will go around.
When I talk to you,
I'll stand still as a tree.
I'll smile. I stayed in my space.

Phone
It is fun to call and text my friends.
Sometimes, my friends don't answer.
When I get my friend's voicemail, it means they are busy. I can leave 1 message only.
When I get a voicemail message, I listen 1 time, then erase the message.
They will call me or text me when they are not busy. It might be later that day or it might be the next day.
It is also fun to text.
When I text the same thing over and over again, my friends will get annoyed and not want to text with me anymore.
Here are some words I can text. Wassup?
What ya doin'?
I can tell them what I am doing.
If I don't have anything new to say, I will just say, "Have a good day!"
I need to remember to be patient and wait until my friend texts me back.
Don't text again until they text you back.
My friends are great, even when I have to wait!

Summer Fun Days
Picnics
Friends
Swimming
Ice cream
Grilling
Bubbles
Beach

Shrinking
This is a man shrinking.
A girl found him in a blender!
He is a small man.
He likes to ride but he doesn't know what it is.
He likes to draw and write.
He found other small people and got a job.
He bought a little car for him and the other people.
He got help from the big people to build a city.
And they ate happily ever after!!!

Our Garden
These are vegetables.
My parents planted all these vegetables in our garden. My family likes gardening and planting different kinds of vegetables.
I like eating tomatoes like an apple.
This is our garden. We also plant onions. I like our garden so much. It makes me feel like living on a farm.
In my family, we all like cucumbers. I like the smell of vegetables.
When I was younger, my family planted strawberries every year.
Now we don't have them in our garden. We have to buy them from the store.
This is our home and garden. I like my garden because we have all kinds of flowers.

Oranges
My grandparents grew oranges.
Oranges are so yummy.
You can make juice from oranges, which is good for your health.
By selling oranges, you can make a lot of money.
That's what the orange trees look like, but our orange tree was bigger than this one.
Oranges grow in different colours such as yellow, green and orange.
My grandparents made a jam from oranges, which was so yummy to eat.

Summer
This summer I want to...
go to the zoo.
This summer I want to...
play outside.
This summer I want to...
go swimming.
This summer I want to...
go to the beach.
This summer I want to...
go camping.
This summer I want to...
grill out.
This summer I want to...
go to an amusement park.
This summer I want to...
ride my bike.

Proverbia de Equo: Repetite!
Provérbia de Equo
___ ___ ___
Provérbia de Equo
In curru equus...
... in arátro bos.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
In curru equus, in arátro bos.
Si fuit hic ásinus...
... non ibi fiet equus.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Si fuit hic ásinus, non ibi fiet equus.
Frenis...
... saepe repúgnat equus.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Frenis saepe repúgnat equus.
Aúrei freni...
... equum meliórem non fáciunt.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Aúrei freni equum meliórem non fáciunt.
Qui non habet equum...
... vadat pédibus.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Qui non habet equum, vadat pédibus.
Impélle equum...
... ad metam.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Impélle equum ad metam.
Equo currénti...
... non opus calcáribus.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Equo currénti non opus calcáribus.
Nóbilis equus...
... umbra quoque virgae régitur.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Nóbilis equus umbra quoque virgae régitur.
Procul...
... a pédibus equínis!
___ ___ ___ ___!
Procul a pédibus equínis!
Non opórtet equi dentes inspícere...
... donáti.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Non opórtet equi dentes inspícere donáti.
Senescénti equo...
... levióra impóne.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Senescénti equo levióra impóne.
Equo ne crédite...
... Teucri!
___ ___ ___, ___!
Equo ne crédite, Teucri!
LatinViaProverbs.com

Proverbia de Equo: Proverbs about the Horse
Provérbia de Equo
Proverbs about the Horse
Provérbia de Equo
In curru equus...
... in arátro bos.
A horse pulls the chariot; an ox pulls the plough.
In curru equus, in arátro bos.
Si fuit hic ásinus...
... non ibi fiet equus.
If has been a donkey here, he won't become a horse there.
Si fuit hic ásinus, non ibi fiet equus.
Frenis...
... saepe repúgnat equus.
The horse often fights against the reins.
Frenis saepe repúgnat equus.
Aúrei freni...
... equum meliórem non fáciunt.
Golden reins don't make a better horse.
Aúrei freni equum meliórem non fáciunt.
Qui non habet equum...
... vadat pédibus.
If someone doesn't have a horse, let him go on foot.
Qui non habet equum, vadat pédibus.
Impélle equum...
... ad metam.
Drive your horse towards the finish line.
Impélle equum ad metam.
Equo currénti...
... non opus calcáribus.
When a horse is running, there's no need of spurs.
Equo currénti non opus calcáribus.
Nóbilis equus...
... umbra quoque virgae régitur.
A thoroughbred horse is guided even by the shadow of the riding crop.
Nóbilis equus umbra quoque virgae régitur.
Procul...
... a pédibus equínis!
Keep your distance from the hooves of horses.
Procul a pédibus equínis!
Non opórtet equi dentes inspícere...
... donáti.
You shouldn't look at a horse's teeth when the horse  is a gift.
Non opórtet equi dentes inspícere donáti.
Senescénti equo...
... levióra impóne.
When a horse gets old, give him lighter loads.
Senescénti equo levióra impóne.
Equo ne crédite...
... Teucri!
Don't trust that horse, Trojans!
Equo ne crédite, Teucri!
LatinViaProverbs.com

Snowman
We made a snowman.
Snowman has a carrot nose.
Snowman has a hat.
Snowman has a scarf.
Snowman has buttons.
We love snowman.

Proverbia de Equo
Provérbia de Equo
In curru equus...
... in arátro bos.
Si fuit hic ásinus...
... non ibi fiet equus.
Frenis...
... saepe repúgnat equus.
Aúrei freni...
... equum meliórem non fáciunt.
Qui non habet equum...
... vadat pédibus.
Impélle equum...
... ad metam.
Equo currénti...
... non opus calcáribus.
Nóbilis equus...
... umbra quoque virgae régitur.
Procul...
... a pédibus equínis!
Non opórtet equi dentes inspícere...
... donáti.
Senescénti equo...
... levióra impóne.
Equo ne crédite...
... Teucri!
LatinViaProverbs.com

My Birthday Puppy
My Birthday Puppy
Today is my birthday!
I got a real puppy!
I named my puppy Silvia.
She has blue eyes and pink fur.
I take my puppy out for a walk.
My puppy likes to eat dog bones.

Christmas
I love Christmas.
Christmas trees are pretty.
Stockings are hung.
Santa comes at Christmas.
We like presents.
We love turkey dinner.
Christmas is fun.

Phones are Changing...
Phones are changing.
A long, long time ago people had shared public phones.
They wanted their own phone at home.
Then people imagined a cordless phone.
At last, they have made their dream come true.
People were continuously longing for cool cellphones.
They came to have messy spaces no longer.
Only a cellphone is enough.
No more telephone boxes.
Even no more need to meet each other.
But loneliness is not what they want...
People began to realize...
The most important thing is a friend, not a brand-new phone.

Your Lifemate, Books!
Did you sleep with your head on textbooks, again?
You look older like my grandpa. Cute though...
Exams are killing you, aren't they?
You must want to stamp on them. Right?
You might feel like giving them away to a lazy creature, a cat.
Please, don't let studying eat you up.
Books are useful tools to make you fly. A little bit chatty and eye-soaring ones.
Try to make them your friends.
Lifelong lasting friends!
Books will even help you fly into outer space. What a fantastic friend!

Four Seasons in Korea
In Korea we have four seasons: spring, summer, fall and winter.
In the spring, many kinds of beautiful flowers are everywhere.
In the summer, it's very hot, and many people go to beach.
They swim in the blue sea.
In the fall, the weather is cool.
Fall gives us various colors of leaves.
Red leaves.
Yellow leaves.
In the winter, we have a lot of snow.
Children like to make snowmen.
They have snowball fights.
We Koreans like this country very much.
What season do you think this is? This is my favorite season.

Sports
He is playing soccer.
He is shooting a basketball.
He is riding a horse.
They are playing baseball.
He is playing tennis.
They are synchronized swimming.
They are running.
She is boxing.
He is surfing.

What Makes Me Happy
Kids' innocent smiles make me happy.
Being together brings me happiness.
When I see my baby growing up, I feel happy.
Puppies teach me how to express love. When I love someone, I feel happy.
Sharing together with friends gives me strength to keep going on in my life.
Fairy tales make me daydream and allow me to get out of my busy reality.
Rainbows make me hopeful and make me not want to give up.
On a shiny day, I feel happy strolling alone. It gives me peace.

Who Am I?
Who Am I?
I'm Sam.
My nick name is "Deer" because I have a long neck.
But I want to have other names, like an eagle. I want to be free.
I like sports, playing games, and watching movies.
I'm a teacher.
I'm happy with my family and my students in school.
But sometimes I'm sad. So I want to stop teaching.

School
This is my school.
I go to school by school bus.
I have many diverse friends at school.
Teachers are kind and cheerful.
Sometimes, they are very careful and strict.
I always listen to the teachers to learn a lot.
I'm very attentive when I listen to others.
There's a time when we worry about studying.
I study hard until late at night.
So I'm very tired by daytime.
But there is something exciting at school.
Also, we learn how to dance and enjoy it.
Usually after lunch, we go out and play on the playground.
Watching cheerleaders' perform is also fun.
The empty classroom is waiting for us.
The pictures with my friends will be remembered forever.

I Wanted a Girl
I wanted a girl.
She smiles like sunshine.
Sometimes, she is shy.
Sometimes, she can be an angel.
She walks like
she is walking on egg shells.
Girls take care of each other.
But I have two boys.
I can't tell you how much I love them.

Let's Throw a Party!
Birthday party
Baby shower
Wedding party
Christmas party
Year's Eve party
Pajama party
Halloween
Thanksgiving

Teenagers
Teenagers have to study hard.
Teenagers have to have good friends.
Teenagers have to meet famous people.
Teenagers have to help poor people.
Though they have many pains,
teenagers have to smile a lot.
Teenagers have to have many experiences.
Finally, you are a good adult.

Canis et Lupus: Repetite
Canis et Lupus
___ ___ ___
Canis et Lupus
Ecce Lupus!
___ ___!
Ecce Lupus!
Ecce silva!
___ ___!
Ecce silva!
Lupus domum habet in silva.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Lupus domum habet in silva.
Lupus in silva cibum quaerit.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Lupus in silva cibum quaerit.
Non multum cibum ínvenit.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Non multum cibum ínvenit.
Lupus macer est.
___ ___ ___.
Lupus macer est.
Quam macer Lupus est!
___ ___ ___ ___!
Quam macer Lupus est!
Ecce Canis!
___ ___!
Ecce Canis!
Canis domum habet in urbe.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Canis domum habet in urbe.
Canis Dómino servit.
___ ___ ___.
Canis Dómino servit.
Dóminus cibum Cani dat.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Dóminus cibum Cani dat.
Dóminus multum cibum Cani dat.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Dóminus multum cibum Cani dat.
Canis pinguis est.
___ ___ ___.
Canis pinguis est.
Quam pinguis Canis est!
___ ___ ___ ___!
Quam pinguis Canis est!
Canis Lupo occúrrit.
___ ___ ___.
Canis Lupo occúrrit.
CANIS: "Salve, amíce!"
CANIS: "___, ___!"
CANIS: "Salve, amíce!"
LUPUS: "Salve, amíce!"
LUPUS: "___, ___!"
LUPUS: "Salve, amíce!"
LUPUS: "Mirátus sum: quam pinguis es tu!"
LUPUS: "___ ___: ___ ___ ___ ___!"
LUPUS: "Mirátus sum: quam pinguis es tu!"
LUPUS: "Cibum semper quaero, sed saepe non invénio."
LUPUS: "___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___."
LUPUS: "Cibum semper quaero, sed saepe non invénio."
LUPUS: "Unde tantum cibum habes tu?"
LUPUS: "___ ___ ___ ___ ___?"
LUPUS: "Unde tantum cibum habes tu?"
CANIS: "Dóminus meus cibum mihi dat."
CANIS: "___ ___ ___ ___ ___."
CANIS: "Dóminus meus cibum mihi dat."
CANIS: "Cibum mihi dat de mensa sua!"
CANIS: "___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___!"
CANIS: "Cibum mihi dat de mensa sua!"
LUPUS: "Sed vídeo in collo tuo cicatríces."
LUPUS: "___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___."
LUPUS: "Sed vídeo in collo tuo cicatríces."
LUPUS: "Unde cicatríces in collo habes?"
LUPUS: "___ ___ ___ ___ ___?"
LUPUS: "Unde cicatríces in collo habes?"
CANIS: "Mi amíce, hoc nihil est."
CANIS: "___ ___, ___ ___ ___."
CANIS: "Mi amíce, hoc nihil est."
CANIS: "Intérdum me álligant caténa."
CANIS: "___ ___ ___ ___."
CANIS: "Intérdum me álligant caténa."
CANIS: "Caténa cicatríces mihi in collo facit."
CANIS: "___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___."
CANIS: "Caténa cicatríces mihi in collo facit."
LUPUS: "Quam miser es tu, Canis!"
LUPUS: "___ ___ ___ ___,  ___!"
LUPUS: "Quam miser es tu, Canis!"
LUPUS: "Cibum habes."
LUPUS: "___ ___."
LUPUS: "Cibum habes."
LUPUS: "Sed cibus servitútis est."
LUPUS: "___ ___ ___ ___."
LUPUS: "Sed cibus servitútis est."
LUPUS: "Vale, mi amíce!"
LUPUS: "___, ___ ___!"
LUPUS: "Vale, mi amíce!"
LUPUS: "Volo vívere in libertáte, non in servitúte."
LUPUS: "___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___."
LUPUS: "Volo vívere in libertáte, non in servitúte."
Vocabula:
Aesopus.PBWorks.com/1

Cervus et Cornua Eius: Repetite!
Cervus et Córnua Eius
___ ___ ___ ___
Cervus et Córnua Eius
Ecce Cervus!
___ ___!
Ecce Cervus!
Cervus córnua habet.
___ ___ ___.
Cervus córnua habet.
Cervi córnua magna sunt.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Cervi córnua magna sunt.
Cervus crura habet, sed magna non sunt.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Cervus crura habet, sed magna non sunt.
Cervi crura tenuíssima sunt.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Cervi crura tenuíssima sunt.
Cervus, sítiens, ad fontem venit, ut bibat.
___, ___, ___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Cervus, sítiens, ad fontem venit, ut bibat.
Dum bibit, Cervus imáginem suam spectat in aquis.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Dum bibit, Cervus imáginem suam spectat in aquis.
Cervus córnua sua laudat.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Cervus córnua sua laudat.
"Quam pulchra sunt mea córnua!"
"___ ___ ___ ___ ___!"
"Quam pulchra sunt mea córnua!"
"Magna sunt mea córnua, et mirífica."
"___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___!"
"Magna sunt mea córnua, et mirífica."
Cervus crura sua damnat.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Cervus crura sua damnat.
"Quam indígna sunt mea crura!"
"___ ___ ___ ___ ___!"
"Quam indígna sunt mea crura!"
"Tenuíssima sunt mea crura, et túrpia."
"___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___."
"Tenuíssima sunt mea crura, et túrpia."
Dum Cervus se spectat, venátor appropínquat.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Dum Cervus se spectat, venátor appropínquat.
Cervus audit canes latrántes.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Cervus audit canes latrántes.
Cervus pertérritus est.
___ ___ ___.
Cervus pertérritus est.
Cervus celérrime fugit!
___ ___ ___!
Cervus celérrime fugit!
Quam velox Cervus est!
___ ___ ___ ___!
Quam velox Cervus est!
Venátor, cum cánibus, Cervum petit.
___, ___ ___, ___ ___.
Venátor, cum cánibus, Cervum petit.
Per campum, Cervus cánibus praecúrrit.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Per campum, Cervus cánibus praecúrrit.
Sic Cervus evádit, et currit in silvam.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Sic Cervus evádit, et currit in silvam.
Sed inter árbores silvae, Cervi córnua haerent.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Sed inter árbores silvae, Cervi córnua haerent.
Córnua Cervum détinent, ut cúrrere non possit.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Córnua Cervum détinent, ut cúrrere non possit.
Profécto canes Cervum apprehéndunt.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Profécto canes Cervum apprehéndunt.
Cervus moribúndus  clamat:
___ ___ ___:
Cervus moribúndus  clamat:
"Me míserum!"
"___ ___!"
"Me míserum!"
"Quam stultus eram!"
"___ ___ ___!"
"Quam stultus eram!"
"Damnávi crura, sed ecce: crura mihi utilíssima erant."
"___ ___, ___ ___: ___ ___ ___ ___."
"Damnávi crura, sed ecce: crura mihi utilíssima erant."
"Laudávi córnua, sed ecce: córnua me perdunt."
"___ ___, ___ ___: ___ ___ ___."
"Laudávi córnua, sed ecce: córnua me perdunt."
"Nimis sero errórem intéllego."
"___ ___ ___ ___."
"Nimis sero errórem intéllego."
Fábula docet:
___ ___:
Fábula docet:
Laudáte non pulchrum, sed útile.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Laudáte non pulchrum, sed útile.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/4

Feles in Puellam Mutata: Repetite
Feles et Venus
___ ___ ___
Feles et Venus
Ecce Feles!
___ ___!
Ecce Feles!
Ecce Puer!
___ ___!
Ecce Puer!
Puer Felem amat.
___ ___ ___.
Puer Felem amat.
Ecce Venus, amóris Dea.
___ ___,  ___ ___.
Ecce Venus, amóris Dea.
Puer orat Vénerem:
___ ___ ___:
Puer orat Vénerem:
"O Dea, muta Felem in Puéllam!"
"___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___!"
"O Dea, muta Felem in Puéllam!"
Venus ádnuit.
___ ___.
Venus ádnuit.
Venus Felem mutat ...
___ ___ ___...
Venus Felem mutat ...
... in Puéllam.
... ___ ___.
... in Puéllam.
Feles nunc habet Puéllae formam.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Feles nunc habet Puéllae formam.
Pulchra est!
___ ___!
Pulchra est!
Puer gaudet, quod Puéllam amat.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Puer gaudet, quod Puéllam amat.
Puer Puéllam domum ducit.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Puer Puéllam domum ducit.
Venus dúbia est, et dicit:
___ ___ ___, ___ ___:
Venus dúbia est, et dicit:
"Certe, habet Puéllae formam."
"___, ___ ___ ___."
"Certe, habet Puéllae formam."
"Sed Puéllae natúram habet, an Felis?"
"___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___?"
"Sed Puéllae natúram habet, an Felis?"
"Certe, habet Puéllae fáciem."
"___, ___ ___ ___."
"Certe, habet Puéllae fáciem."
"Sed Puéllae mentem habet, an Felis?"
"___  ___ ___ ___, ___ ___?"
"Sed Puéllae mentem habet, an Felis?"
Venus experiméntum agit.
___ ___ ___.
Venus experiméntum agit.
Venus experiméntum agit - per Murem!
___ ___ ___ - ___ ___!
Venus experiméntum agit - per Murem.
Puélla Murem spectat.
___ ___ ___.
Puélla Murem spectat.
Puélla currit!
___ ___!
Puélla currit!
Puélla Murem captat.
___ ___ ___.
Puélla Murem captat.
Venus iráta est, et dicit:
___ ___ ___, ___ ___:
Venus iráta est, et dicit:
"Puéllae spécies me decipit!"
"___ ___ ___ ___!"
"Puéllae spécies me decipit!"
"Habet Felis natúram, non Puéllae!"
"___ ___ ___, ___ ___!"
"Habet Felis natúram, non Puéllae!"
Ergo: Venus Puéllam mutat ...
___: ___ ___ ___...
Ergo: Venus Puéllam mutat ...
... in Felem.
... ___ ___.
... in Felem.
Feles Murem dévorat.
___ ___ ___.
Feles Murem dévorat.
Feles gaudet, quod Murem dévorat.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Feles gaudet, quod Murem dévorat.
Puer lácrimat, quod Puéllam non habet.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Puer lácrimat, quod Puéllam non habet.
Venus ridet,  quod Dea dura est.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Venus ridet,  quod Dea dura est.
Fábula docet:
___ ___:
Fábula docet:
Mentem specta...
___ ___...
Mentem specta...
... non fáciem.
... ___ ___.
... non fáciem.
Spécies décipit!
___ ___!
Spécies décipit!
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/3

My Family's Garden
When I was young, we moved every 2 or 3 years to a new part of Canada.
Three seeds were important to my family.
Every new house we lived in, my mother would work very hard to make a flower garden.
When the snow melted in the spring, there would be life, colours and our favourite flowers.
We always had daffodils.
They are so cheery.
Tulips!
Every year, I was allowed to give one to my teacher.
I still grow them today. Here are mine!
And marigolds!
They are always a nice touch.
These days, I like to grow seeds for my whole family. My cat looooooves catnip!
Really, really loves it.
I mean really!
The plants that I grow bring more creatures into my family... like bees.
And birds.
I start growing my seeds in February.
They grow all spring.
In the summer, I get tomatoes,
basil,
And beans!
I love my garden!

Gallus et Gemma: Repetite!
Gallus et Gemma
___ ___ ___
Gallus et Gemma
Ecce Gallus!
___ ___!
Ecce Gallus!
Gallus famélicus est.
___ ___ ___.
Gallus famélicus est.
Ecce stercus!
___ ___!
Ecce stercus!
Gallus in stércore escam quaerit.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Gallus in stércore escam quaerit.
Quid Gallus cómedit?
___ ___ ___?
Quid Gallus cómedit?
Gallus trítici grana cómedit.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Gallus trítici grana cómedit.
Gallus hórdei grana cómedit.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Gallus hórdei grana cómedit.
Gallus etiam vermes cómedit.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Gallus etiam vermes cómedit.
Ex improvíso,
___ ___,
Ex improvíso,
dum escam quaerit,
___ ___ ___,
dum escam quaerit,
Gallus gemmam in stércore ínvenit.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Gallus gemmam in stércore ínvenit.
Gemma res rara est!
___ ___ ___ ___!
Gemma res rara est!
Gemma res pulchra est!
___ ___ ___ ___!
Gemma res pulchra est!
Gemma res pretiósa est!
___ ___ ___ ___!
Gemma res pretiósa est!
Sed Gallo gemma non placet.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Sed Gallo gemma non placet.
Gallus frustrátus est...
___ ___ ___...
Gallus frustrátus est...
... and says:
... ___ ___:
... et dicit:
"Gemma mihi non placet!"
"___ ___ ___ ___!"
"Gemma mihi non placet!"
"Gemma mihi non prodest!"
"___  ___ ___ ___!"
"Gemma mihi non prodest!"
"Escam quaero,
"___ ___,
"Escam quaero,
non gemmas!"
___ ___!"
non gemmas!"
"Gemmas comédere non possum."
"___ ___ ___ ___."
"Gemmas comédere non possum."
"O gemma, mísera es...
"___ ___, ___ ___...
"O gemma, mísera es...
... quod in stércore iaces."
... ___ ___ ___ ___."
... quod in stércore iaces."
"Ego quoque miser sum...
"___ ___ ___ ___...
"Ego quoque miser sum...
... quod escam non hábeo."
... ___ ___ ___ ___."
... quod escam non hábeo."
"Unum granum escae mélius mihi est...
"___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___...
"Unum granum escae mélius mihi est...
... quam omnes gemmae pretiosae."
... ___ ___ ___ ___."
... quam omnes gemmae pretiosae."
"Ergo: hanc gemmam pretiósam frustra invéni."
"___: ___ ___ ___ ___ ___."
"Ergo: hanc gemmam pretiósam frustra invéni."
Fábula docet:
___ ___:
Fábula docet:
Cuique suum.
___ ___.
Cuique suum.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/5

Haedus et Lupus: Repetite!
Haedus et Lupus
___ ___ ___
Haedus et Lupus
Ecce Capélla!
___ ___!
Ecce Capélla!
Ecce Haedus!
___ ___!
Ecce Haedus!
Haedus párvulus est.
___ ___ ___.
Haedus párvulus est.
Capélla est mater; Haedus est fílius.
___ ___ ___; ___ ___ ___
Capélla est mater; Haedus est fílius.
Ecce pratum!
___ ___!
Ecce pratum!
In prato, Capélla cibum quaerit.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___
In prato, Capélla cibum quaerit.
Capélla fílium domi relínquit, solum.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___, ___.
Capélla fílium domi relínquit, solum.
Haedus párvulus est, et ignárus.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Haedus párvulus est, et ignárus.
Capélla Haédulum monet:
___ ___ ___:
Capélla Haédulum monet:
"Haédule mi, cave Lupum!"
"___ ___, ___ ___!"
"Haédule mi, cave Lupum!"
Mater fílio praecéptum dat:
___ ___ ___ ___:
Mater fílio praecéptum dat:
"Noli aperíre portam Lupo!"
"___ ___ ___ ___!"
"Noli aperíre portam Lupo!"
Mater abit.
___ ___.
Mater abit.
Dum Mater abit, Lupus latet!
___ ___ ___, ___ ___!
Dum Mater abit, Lupus latet!
Nunc Haedus domi rémanet, solus.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___.
Nunc Haedus domi rémanet, solus.
Lupus portam pulsat.
___ ___ ___.
Lupus portam pulsat.
Lupus matris vocem símulat.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Lupus matris vocem símulat.
"Fili mi, portam áperi!"
"___ ___, ___ ___!"
"Fili mi, portam áperi!"
"Ego sum mater tua."
"___ ___ ___ ___."
"Ego sum mater tua."
Lupus bene símulat Capéllae vocem.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Lupus bene símulat Capéllae vocem.
Haedus matris vocem audit, sed cautus est!
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___!
Haedus matris vocem audit, sed cautus est!
Haedus per rímulam spectat.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Haedus per rímulam spectat.
Haedus Lupum videt!
___ ___ ___!
Haedus Lupum videt!
Haedus matris praecépto oboédit.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Haedus matris praecépto oboédit.
"Tibi portam non apério!"
"___ ___ ___ ___!"
"Tibi portam non apério!"
Haedus dicit veritátem:
___ ___ ___:
Haedus dicit veritátem:
"Lupum vídeo, non matrem."
"___ ___, ___ ___."
"Lupum vídeo, non matrem."
Haedus demónstrat sapiéntiam:
___ ___ ___:
Haedus demónstrat sapiéntiam:
"Tu vis me devoráre!"
"___ ___ ___ ___!"
"Tu vis me devoráre!"
Veritáte et sapiéntia, Haedus Lupum repéllit.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Veritáte et sapiéntia, Haedus Lupum repéllit.
"Abi nunc, Lupe!"
"___ ___, ___!"
"Abi nunc, Lupe!"
Lupus repúlsus abit!
___ ___ ___!
Lupus repúlsus abit!
Haedus salvus est.
___ ___ ___
Haedus salvus est.
Mater et fílius felíces sunt!
___ ___ ___ ___ ___!"
Mater et fílius felíces sunt!
Fábula docet: Cave Lupum!
___ ___: ___ ___!
Fábula docet: Cave Lupum!
Bonum est oboedíre paréntum praecéptis.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Bonum est oboedíre paréntum praecéptis.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/2

Scisne semel sena qvot sint?
Scisne semel sena qvot sint?
1 x 6 =
semel sena aeqvatur sex.
1 x 6 = 6
Scisne bis sena qvot sint?
2 x 6 =
Bis sena sunt duodecim.
2 x 6 = 12
Scisne ter sena qvot sint?
3 x 6 =
Ter sena sunt duodeviginti.
3 x 6 = 18
Scisne qvater sena qvot sint?
4 x 6 =
Qvater sena sunt qvattuor et viginti.
4 x 6 = 24
Scisne qvinqvies sena qvot sint?
5 x 6 =
Qvinqvies sena sunt triginta.
5 x 6 = 30
Scisne sexies sena qvot sint?
6 x 6 =
Sexies sena sunt sex et triginta.
6 x 6 = 36
Scisne septies sena qvot sint?
7 x 6 =
Septies sena sunt  duo et qvadraginta.
7 x 6 = 42
Scisne octies sena qvot sint?
8 x 6 =
Octies sena sunt 
duodeqvinqvaginta.
8 x 6 = 48
Scisne novies sena qvot sint?
9 x 6 =
Novies sena sunt qvattuor et qvinqvaginta.
9 x 6 = 54
Scisne decies sena qvot sint?
10 x 6 =
Decies sena sunt  sexaginta.
10 x 6 = 60
latinum.mypodcast.com

Farm Life
I live on a farm. Let's go and visit.
I see a cat.
I see a cow.
I see a dog.
I see a squirrel.
I see a chicken.
I see a goat.
I see a pony.
I see a rabbit.
I see a flower.
I see a barn.
It is time to go home.

Scisne semel qvina qvot sint?
Scisne semel qvina qvot sint?
1 x 5 =
Semel qvina, aeqvatur qvinqve.
1 x 5 = 5
Scisne bis qvina, qvot sint?
2 x 5 =
Bis qvina, sunt decem.
2 x 5 = 10
Scisne ter qvina, qvot sint?
3 x 5 =
Ter qvina sunt qvindecim.
3 x 5 = 15
Scisne qvater qvina qvot sint?
4 x 5 =
Qvater qvina sunt viginti.
4 x 5 = 20
Scisne qvinqvies qvina qvot sint?
5 x 5 =
Qvinqvies qvina sunt qvinqve et viginti.
5 x 5 = 25
Scisne sexies qvina qvot sint?
6 x 5 =
Sexies qvina sunt  triginta.
6 x 5 = 30
Scisne septies qvina qvot sint?
7 x 5 =
Septies qvina sunt qvinqve et triginta.
7 x 5 = 35
Scisne octies qvina qvot sint?
8 x 5 =
Octies qvina sunt  qvadraginta.
8 x 5 = 40
Scisne novies qvina qvot sint?
9 x 5 =
Novies qvina sunt qvinqve et qvadraginta.
9 x 5 = 45
Scisne decies qvina qvot sint?
10 x 5 =
Decies qvina sunt  qvinqvaginta.
10 x 5 = 50
latinum.mypodcast.com

On the Christmas Tree...
I like to see the Christmas tree.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see ornaments.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see lights.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see stars.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see angels.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see ribbon.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see Santa Claus.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see bubble lights.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see snowmen.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see candy canes.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see garland.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see reindeer.
I don't like to see broken ornaments off the tree!

A Day With Daniel
Daniel was working hard one day.
Mr. Smith sat next to him and startled him when he started talking.
He and Mrs. Eldridge thought that what Mr. Smith said was pretty silly.
They laughed and laughed!
Daniel laughed so hard he nearly split in two the long way!
Whew!  He's getting better.
Oh, my!  Who knew that laughing could bring THIS on!
We need to work on getting back to being us!
Will this help?
Yeah!  That's better!
Oh, what fun we had!
"Say goodbye, Mrs. Eldridge!" says Daniel.
Thanks for reading!

Tigers for Kids!
This a tiger. He is very strong.
Tigers like to play with their moms.
Some people understand tigers.
Tigers look very cute sometimes.
This may be a sweet, baby tiger.
He is sleeping in the nice, summer weather.
This tiger has sharp teeth.
They like to play with each other.
He is a snow tiger and looks like a snowman.

Proverbia de Aquila: Repetite!
Provérbia de Áquila
___ ___ ___
Provérbia de Áquila
Áquila non captat...
...muscas.
Áquila non captat muscas.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Áquila non captat muscas.
Iúpiter áquilam delégit.
___ ___ ___.
Iúpiter áquilam delégit.
Áquila non parit...
... colúmbam.
Áquila non parit colúmbam.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Áquila non parit colúmbam.
Áquilam voláre ne dóceas; novit.
___ ___ ___ ___; ___.
Áquilam voláre ne dóceas; novit.
Ne ad pugnam vocet áquilam...
... luscínia.
Ne ad pugnam vocet áquilam luscínia.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Ne ad pugnam vocet áquilam luscínia.
Omnis aër áquilae pérvius.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Omnis aër áquilae pérvius.
Áquilam...
... nóctuae cómparas.
Áquilam nóctuae cómparas.
___ ___ ___.
Áquilam nóctuae cómparas.
Áquila petit solem.
___ ___ ___.
Áquila petit solem.
LatinViaProverbs.com

Senex
Quondam erat senex.
Puer est in horto eius.
Senex est iratissimus.
Puer ex horto currit.

Proverbia de Vulpe: Repetite!
Provérbia de Vulpe
___ ___ ___
Provérbia de Vulpe
Cum vulpe habens commércium...
... doles cave.
Cum vulpe habens commércium, doles cave.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Cum vulpe habens commércium, doles cave.
Ingénium suum...
... vulpécula mutáre nescit.
Ingénium suum vulpécula mutáre nescit.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Ingénium suum vulpécula mutáre nescit.
Vulpes...
... aetáti fit astútior.
Vulpes aetáti fit astútior.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Vulpes aetáti fit astútior.
Domi leónes...
... foras vulpes.
Domi leónes, foras vulpes.
___ ___, ___ ___.
Domi leónes, foras vulpes.
Quaélibet vulpes...
... caudam suam laudat.
Quaélibet vulpes caudam suam laudat.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Quaélibet vulpes caudam suam laudat.
Contra vulpem...
... vulpinándum est.
Contra vulpem, vulpinándum est.
___ ___, ___ ___.
Contra vulpem, vulpinándum est.
Scit multa vulpes...
... magnum echínus únicum.
Scit multa vulpes, magnum echínus únicum.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Scit multa vulpes, magnum echínus únicum.
Non cauta vulpes...
... dénuo in casses cadit.
Non cauta vulpes dénuo in casses cadit.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Non cauta vulpes dénuo in casses cadit.
Vétula vulpes...
... láqueo haud cápitur.
Vétula vulpes láqueo haud cápitur.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Vétula vulpes láqueo haud cápitur.
Sub pelle ovína...
... vulpes latet.
Sub pelle ovína, vulpes latet.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Sub pelle ovína, vulpes latet.
Dimíttis pullos...
... sub custódia vulpis.
Dimíttis pullos sub custódia vulpis.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Dimíttis pullos sub custódia vulpis.
Dormiénti vulpi...
... cadit intra os nihil.
Dormiénti vulpi cadit intra os nihil.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Dormiénti vulpi cadit intra os nihil.
Ubi leónis déficit...
... pellem índue vulpis.
Ubi leónis déficit, pellem índue vulpis.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Ubi leónis déficit, pellem índue vulpis.
Vulpes pilum mutat...
... non mores.
Vulpes pilum mutat, non mores.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Vulpes pilum mutat, non mores.
Mísera est vulpes...
... quae unum tantum latíbulum habet.
Mísera est vulpes, quae unum tantum latíbulum habet.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Mísera est vulpes, quae unum tantum latíbulum habet.
LatinViaProverbs.com

Summer Means...
Swimming
Camping
Ice-Cream
Bubbles
Grilling
Biking
Beach Trips
Fireworks
Relaxing

H Book
H h
H is for hare.
H is for hamper.
H is for hammock.
H is for ham.
H is for hen.
H is for harmonica.
H is for helicopter.
H is for horse.
H is for highway.
H is for hamster.
H is for headdress.
H is for heart.
H is for hive.
H is for hopscotch.
H is for hummingbird.
H h

Rickey 2008 - 2009
This is Rickey's school.
Rickey goes to Edgewood Middle School.
This is Rickey.  He is a wonderful student!
Rickey comes to computer class.  Rickey is showing Mrs. Johnson what he is doing on his computer.
Here is Rickey with Mrs. Leimbach.
This is Rickey and Mrs. Broughton.
Rickey is on a field trip today at Taco Bell.
Here is Rickey, Matt, and Keith enjoying their lunch.
The whole class is having fun;  Keith, Matthew, Rickey, Cody, and Lucretia.  This class is the best!

Echo Says Goodbye for the Summer
It as been a great year.
We have learned a lot.
Now, the snow is melted.
It is time for summer vacation.
It is time to play with our friends.
But, do not forget all you have learned.
Practice your letters.
Practice your sounds.
Echo will be watching...
Baby Echo, too.
So, until next time...
Good-bye.

Scisne semel qvaterna qvot sint?
Semel qvaterna, qvatuor aeqvatur.
1 x 4 = 4
Bis qvaterna, octo sunt.
2 x 4 = 8
Ter qvaterna,
duodecim sunt.
3 x 4 = 12
Qvater qvaterna, decem et sex sunt.
4 x 4 = 16
Qvinqvies qvaterna,  viginti sunt.
5 x 4  = 20
Sexies qvaterna, qvattuor et viginti sunt.
6 x 4 = 24
Septies qvaterna, duodetriginta sunt.
7 x 4 = 28
Octies qvaterna, duo et triginta sunt.
8 x 4 = 32
Novies qvaterna, sex et triginta sunt.
9 x 4 = 36
Decies qvaterna, qvadraginta sunt.
10 x 4 = 40
latinum.mypodcast.com

When I Grow Up...
I want to be a teacher. There is nothing I like more than taking care of children.
I want to be a dentist. There is nothing I like more than cleaning teeth.
I want to be a CEO. There is nothing I like more than running a business.
I want to be a singer. There is nothing I like more than singing songs.
I want to be a chef. There is nothing I like more than cooking.
I want to be a vet. There is nothing I like more than taking care of animals.
I want to be a fire fighter. There is nothing I like more than keeping others safe.
I want to be a soccer player. There is nothing I like more than winning a game.

LOVE
What is love?
Love is expressing yourself in the world.
Love is hugging with open arms.
Love is making your life happy and romantic.
My Love! Don't let go of our joined hands.
Love cannot be hidden.
It's a bashfulness.
Thanks for giving me your love.
What are you doing? Love fills the void.
You will always have a special place in my heart.
You're the apple of my eye.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
I want to continue to be in your life.

Learning to Listen
Learning to Listen
When you were a baby, you learned to listen in your native language...
naturally and almost effortlessly.
However, when you learn to listen in English,
it's really hard.
Why is it so hard to learn to listen in English?
First, when you hear someone speak in English,
you hear a stream of sounds,
rather than discrete words.
Second, your brain may not process a stream of sounds at a rate fast enough...
like a slow computer.
But if you listen to me and follow my instructions,
you can learn to listen in English with no trouble.

What is Life?
You start your life when you are born.
You will have a good time with your family when you are young.
You can dream of becoming a baseball player someday.
Or you can study hard for your future.
You can become a professional baseball player as you have dreamed.
Or you can start your career in a different field.
You will be meeting the love of your life.
And you will have a happy family as your parents did.
You will be getting old someday.
And you will sleep forever in peace.

Man's Best Friend
Dogs are a man's best friend.
Dogs are smart.
Dogs are cute.
Dogs are funny.
Dogs are curious, just like babies.
Dogs are cuddly.
Dogs are brave.
Dogs are in need of care.
Dogs are soft.
Dogs are so handsome.
Dogs are watching over you.
Big dogs are always hungry.
Dogs like to chew.
Dogs like to dig.
Dogs like to hug each other.
Dogs like to play.
Dogs like to smile.
Dogs like to lick.
Dogs like to sniff.
What do dogs mean to you?

In Case of Fire
When there's a fire in your house,
there's no need to panic.
Roll out of your bed.
Crawl to the door (because smoke fills your room from the ceiling).
Get out of the house ASAP!
If you're trapped because of smoke or heat,
seal off every crack to prevent smoke from coming inside.
Stand at the window,
and signal for help with a sheet or a flashlight.
NEVER fight the fire alone!
Stay calm and wait to be rescued. You'll be just fine!

Lupus et Grus: Repetite!
Lupus et Grus
___ ___ ___
Lupus et Grus
Ecce lupus!
___ ___!
Ecce lupus!
Lupus ánimal saevum est, et vorax.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Lupus ánimal saevum est, et vorax.
Dum Lupus ávide cenat,
___ ___ ___ ___,
Dum Lupus ávide cenat,
os gluttit.
___ ___.
os gluttit.
Os in gútture Lupi haeret, et eum fere strángulat.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Os in gútture Lupi haeret, et eum fere strángulat.
Lupus gráviter dolet, et clamat: "Ádiuva me!"
___ ___ ___, ___ ___: "___ ___!"
Lupus gráviter dolet, et clamat: "Ádiuva me!"
Sed animália ómnia Lupum ódio habent, et iuváre nolunt.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Sed animália ómnia Lupum ódio habent, et iuváre nolunt.
Deinde Lupus Gruem animadvértit.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Deinde Lupus Gruem animadvértit.
Grus longum collum habet...
___ ___ ___ ___ ...
Grus longum collum habet...
... et longum rostrum.
... ___ ___ ___.
... et longum rostrum.
Dolóre gemens, Lupus Grui dicit:
___ ___, ___ ___ ___:
Dolóre gemens, Lupus Grui dicit:
"O Grus, praémium tibi promítto, si me ádiuvas!"
"___ ___, ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___!"
"O Grus, praémium tibi promítto, si me ádiuvas!"
Crédula Grus
___ ___
Crédula Grus
caput suum
___ ___
caput suum
in guttur Lupi
___ ___ ___
in guttur Lupi
immíttit.
___.
immíttit.
Collum suum exténdit
___ ___ ___
Collum suum exténdit
et rostro suo
___ ___ ___
et rostro suo
e Lupi gútture
___ ___ ___
e Lupi gútture
os éxtrahit.
___ ___.
os éxtrahit.
Grus ergo praémium póstulat...
___ ___ ___ ___ ...
Grus ergo praémium póstulat...
... sed Lupus nihil ei dat.
... ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
... sed Lupus nihil ei dat.
Lupus subrídet,  dentes revélans, et dicit Grui:
___ ___, ___ ___, ___ ___ ___:
Lupus subrídet,  dentes revélans, et dicit Grui:
"Quam stulta es tu, et ridícula!"
"___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___!"
"Quam stulta es tu, et ridícula!"
"Caput tuum in ore meo fuit...
"___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ...
"Caput tuum in ore meo fuit...
... et tibi vívere permísi."
... ___ ___ ___ ___."
... et tibi vívere permísi."
"Hoc, O stulta, satis praémii est tibi."
"___, ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___."
"Hoc, O stulta, satis praémii est tibi."
Fábula docet:
___ ___:
Fábula docet:
Cave lupum! Periculósum est malos adiuváre.
___ ___! ___ ___ ___ ___.
Cave lupum! Periculósum est malos adiuváre.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/6

Proverbia de Vulpe: Proverbs about the Fox
Provérbia de Vulpe
Proverbs about the Fox
Provérbia de Vulpe
Cum vulpe habens commércium...
... doles cave.
When you are doing business with a fox, beware of treachery.
Cum vulpe habens commércium, doles cave.
Ingénium suum...
... vulpécula mutáre nescit.
The fox cannot change its nature.
Ingénium suum vulpécula mutáre nescit.
Vulpes...
... aetáti fit astútior.
With age, a fox becomes even trickier.
Vulpes aetáti fit astútior.
Domi leónes...
... foras vulpes.
Lions when at home, but foxes when away from home.
Domi leónes, foras vulpes.
Quaélibet vulpes...
... caudam suam laudat.
Each and every fox praises its own tail.
Quaélibet vulpes caudam suam laudat.
Contra vulpem...
... vulpinándum est.
Against a fox, you have to think like a fox.
Contra vulpem, vulpinándum est.
Scit multa vulpes...
... magnum echínus únicum.
The fox knows many things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing.
Scit multa vulpes, magnum echínus únicum.
Non cauta vulpes...
... dénuo in casses cadit.
The fox who is not careful again falls into the trap.
Non cauta vulpes dénuo in casses cadit.
Vétula vulpes...
... láqueo haud cápitur.
The old fox is not caught in the snare.
Vétula vulpes láqueo haud cápitur.
Sub pelle ovína...
... vulpes latet.
Beneath the sheep's clothing hides a fox.
Sub pelle ovína, vulpes latet.
Dimíttis pullos...
... sub custódia vulpis.
You're leaving the chicks in the care of a fox.
Dimíttis pullos sub custódia vulpis.
Dormiénti vulpi...
... cadit intra os nihil.
If the fox is sleeping, nothing just falls into its mouth.
Dormiénti vulpi cadit intra os nihil.
Ubi leónis déficit...
... pellem índue vulpis.
When the lion's skin does not succeed, put on the skin of the fox.
Ubi leónis déficit, pellem índue vulpis.
Vulpes pilum mutat...
... non mores.
The fox changes its coat, but not its character.
Vulpes pilum mutat, non mores.
Mísera est vulpes...
... quae unum tantum latíbulum habet.
Woe be to the fox who has just one hiding place.
Mísera est vulpes, quae unum tantum latíbulum habet.
LatinViaProverbs.com

Proverbs About Foxes
Proverbs About Foxes
When you are doing business with a fox...
beware of treachery.
The fox cannot change...
its nature.
With age...
a fox becomes even trickier.
Lions when at home...
but foxes when away from home.
Each and every fox...
praises its own tail.
Against a fox...
you have to think like a fox.
The fox knows many things...
but the hedgehog knows one big thing.
The fox who is not careful...
again falls into the trap.
The old fox...
is not caught in the snare.
Beneath the sheep's clothing...
hides a fox.
You're leaving the chicks...
in the care of a fox.
If a fox is sleeping...
dinner doesn't just fall into its mouth.
If the lion's skin does not succeed...
put on the skin of a fox.
The fox changes its coat...
but not its character.
It is a sad fox..
who has just one hiding place.

Proverbia de Vulpe
Provérbia de Vulpe
Cum vulpe habens commércium...
... doles cave.
Ingénium suum...
... vulpécula mutáre nescit.
Vulpes...
... aetáti fit astútior.
Domi leónes...
... foras vulpes.
Quaélibet vulpes...
... caudam suam laudat.
Contra vulpem...
... vulpinándum est.
Scit multa vulpes...
... magnum echínus únicum.
Non cauta vulpes...
... dénuo in casses cadit.
Vétula vulpes...
... láqueo haud cápitur.
Sub pelle ovína...
... vulpes latet.
Dimíttis pullos...
... sub custódia vulpis.
Dormiénti vulpi...
... cadit intra os nihil.
Ubi leónis déficit...
... pellem índue vulpis.
Vulpes pilum mutat...
... non mores.
Mísera est vulpes...
... quae unum tantum latíbulum habet.
LatinViaProverbs.com

Let's Make Cookies!
Let's make peanut butter cookies.
Do you want to help me bake?
We need to use a recipe.
First, we need one cup of...
peanut butter!
Next, we need one cup of...
sugar!
Then, we need to add one egg.
Crack it into the dough!
Last, we need one teaspoon of...
vanilla extract.
Let's stir the dough!
Roll the dough into balls.
We can use a fork to make lines on top of the cookies.
Let's put the dough onto a cookie sheet.
Put them in the oven.  We need to bake them at 350 degrees...
for about 8-10 minutes, or until they are done!  Mmmmm! Let's eat!

The Guatamalan Adventure!
We're off to Guatemala!
We're finally here  in Guatemala by our little casita gate and the pretty flowers.
Wow, look at the banana tree!
Here's Don with some Guatemalan girls.
These are the misty mountains of Guatemala.
At our little casita, there's a hammock. Alisa is with us, too!
That's John, Don's friend. He took us on a boat ride.
Me and my Dad are sitting on the rim of the boat. My hair is blowing like wild!
A volcano! Wow! It's on Lake Atitlan.
Are those onions I see on the lake? They farm on the hills because that's all there is!
That was our door! We are using it as a beard. Alisa is with us again.
We got to ride on horses. That was fun.
We are beside a giant fountain in Antigua, Guatemala in the town square.

Proverbia de Aquila: Proverbs about the Eagle
Provérbia de Áquila
Proverbs about the Eagle
Provérbia de Áquila
Áquila non captat...
...muscas.
An eagle doesn't catch flies.
Áquila non captat
muscas.
Iúpiter áquilam delégit.
Jupiter has chosen the eagle.
Iúpiter áquilam delégit.
Áquila non parit...
... colúmbam.
An eagle doesn't give birth to a dove.
Áquila non parit colúmbam.
Áquilam voláre ne dóceas; novit.
Don't teach an eagle how to fly; it knows.
Áquilam voláre ne dóceas; novit.
Ne ad pugnam vocet áquilam...
... luscínia.
The nightingale shouldn't challenge the eagle to a fight.
Ne ad pugnam vocet áquilam luscínia.
Omnis aër áquilae pérvius.
The whole sky is open to the eagle.
Omnis aër áquilae pérvius.
Áquilam...
... nóctuae cómparas.
You're comparing an eagle to an owl.
Áquilam nóctuae cómparas.
Áquila petit solem.
The eagle seeks the sun.
Áquila petit solem.
LatinViaProverbs.com

Proverbs About Eagles
Proverbs about Eagles
Eagles don't catch flies.
Jupiter has chosen the eagle.
Eagles don't give birth to...
doves.
Don't teach an eagle how to fly; it knows.
Don't challenge an eagle to a fight...
if you're a nightingale.
The whole sky is open to the eagle.
You're mixing  eagles...
and owls.
Eagles seek the sun.

Proverbia de Aquila
Provérbia de Áquila
Áquila non captat...
... muscas.
Iúpiter áquilam delégit.
Áquila non parit...
... colúmbam.
Áquilam voláre ne dóceas; novit.
Ne ad pugnam vocet áquilam...
... luscínia.
Omnis aër áquilae pérvius.
Áquilam...
... nóctuae cómparas.
Áquila petit solem.
LatinViaProverbs.com

De Triangulis
De Triangulis.
Triangulum
cujus tria latera
sunt inter se aeqvalia
velut a , b , c
dicitur AEQVILATERUM.
Triangulum
cujus duo latera
d et d inter se aeqvantur
vocatur 
ISOSCELES.
Triangulum
cujus deniqve omnia latera inaeqvalia sunt
ut a et b et c
appellatur
SCALENUM.
Triangulum
cujus unus angulus rectus est
dicitur
RECTANGULUM
In triangulo rectangulo cum A et B et C
Latus 'A', angulo recto oppositum
dicitur HYPOTENUSA
Ecce: hypotenusa.

Signorum Explicatio
Signorum qvorum freqvens usus est explicatio.
Signum aeqvalitatis.
Signum additionis.
Signum subductionis. (subtractionis)
Signum multiplicationis.
Signum nihili.
Signum divisionis.
Signum radicis qvadraticae.

Colors
Colors
Oranges are orange.
The sun is yellow.
The fire extinguisher is red.
The bird is blue.
The lettuce is green.
The grapes are purple.
I like colors.

I Like Outside
I like outside.
I like flying kites outside.
I like to wash the car outside.
I like to throw frisbees outside.
I like to walk outside.
I like to play in the sandbox outside.
I like to play with my dog outside.
I like to play baseball outside.
I like to swing outside.
I like to be outside.

Classic Cars
Classic cars.
This car is in the movie "American Graffiti."
This is a '59 Chevy.
This is a '49 Chevy.
This car is also in the movie.
I have a '71 Ranchero, just like this.
I like the '63 Thunderbird.
This car was in "The Dukes of Hazzard."
A friend of  mine has a Chevelle, just like this one.

Mickey Mouse
Mickey Mouse is saying hi in sign language.
Mickey Mouse is scuba diving.
Rides are fun at Disney World.
There's a statue of Mickey Mouse.
Mickey Mouse is on a stage.
Here are Mickey Mouse mugs.
Mickey and Minnie are getting married.
There's a design of Mickey Mouse.
There's Mickey Mouse.
Walt Disney designed Mickey Mouse.
Mickey and Minnie Mouse are all dressed in red.
This Mickey Mouse mural covers the whole wall.
Mickey Mouse is standing.
Mickey and Minnie Mouse are kissing.
Mickey Mouse is running.

All About Electric Guitars
This is a Fender guitar.
This one is very expensive.
These are high performance strings.
This is the Fender logo.
This is what you have to do to change the strings.
I think this one is cool because of the lighting.
I like the red one because red is my favorite color.
These are the parts of an electric guitar.

Lupus et Grus: The Wolf and The Crane
Lupus et Grus
The Wolf and The Crane
Lupus et Grus
Ecce lupus!
This is a wolf.
Ecce lupus!
Lupus ánimal saevum est, et vorax.
The wolf is a fierce animal, and ravenous.
Lupus ánimal saevum est, et vorax.
Dum Lupus ávide cenat,
While the wolf is greedily eating his dinner,
Dum Lupus ávide cenat,
os gluttit.
he swallows a bone.
os gluttit.
Os in gútture Lupi haeret et eum fere strángulat.
The bone sticks in the wolf's throat and almost chokes him!
Os in gútture Lupi haeret et eum fere strángulat.
Lupus gráviter dolet, et clamat: "Ádiuva me!"
The wolf is in terrible pain and shouts: "Help me!"
Lupus gráviter dolet, et clamat: "Ádiuva me!"
Sed animália ómnia Lupum ódio habent et iuváre nolunt.
But all the animals hate the wolf and refuse to help him.
Sed animália ómnia Lupum ódio habent et iuváre nolunt.
Deinde Lupus Gruem animadvértit.
Then the wolf notices the crane.
Deinde Lupus Gruem animadvértit.
Grus longum collum habet...
The crane has a long neck...
Grus longum collum habet...
... et longum rostrum.
... and a long beak.
... et longum rostrum.
Dolóre gemens, Lupus Grui dicit:
Groaning with pain, the wolf says to the crane:
Dolóre gemens, Lupus Grui dicit:
"O Grus, praémium tibi promítto, si me ádiuvas!"
"O Crane, I promise to give you a reward if you will help me."
"O Grus, praémium tibi promítto, si me ádiuvas!"
Crédula Grus
The gullible crane
Crédula Grus
caput suum
her head (accusative)
caput suum
in guttur Lupi
into the wolf's throat
in guttur Lupi
immíttit.
puts.
immíttit.
Collum suum exténdit
She extends her neck
Collum suum exténdit
et rostro suo
and with her beak
et rostro suo
e Lupi gútture
from the wolf's throat
e Lupi gútture
os éxtrahit.
she extracts the bone.
os éxtrahit.
Grus ergo praémium póstulat...
Then the crane asks for her reward...
Grus ergo praémium póstulat...
... sed Lupus nihil ei dat.
... but the wolf gives her nothing.
... sed Lupus nihil ei dat.
Lupus subrídet,  dentes revélans, et dicit Grui:
The wolf smiles, showing his teeth, and says to the crane:
Lupus subrídet,  dentes revélans, et dicit Grui:
"Quam stulta es tu, et ridícula!"
"What a ridiculous fool you are!"
"Quam stulta es tu, et ridícula!"
"Caput tuum in ore meo fuit...
"Your head was in my mouth...
"Caput tuum in ore meo fuit...
... et tibi vívere permísi."
... and I allowed you to live."
... et tibi vívere permísi."
"Hoc, O stulta, satis praémii est tibi."
"That is reward enough for you, fool!"
"Hoc, O stulta, satis praémii est tibi."
Fábula docet:
The moral of the story:
Fábula docet:
Cave lupum! Periculósum est malos adiuváre.
Beware of the wolf! It is dangerous to help bad people.
Cave lupum! Periculósum est malos adiuváre.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/6

The Wolf and the Crane
The Wolf and the Crane
This is a wolf.
The wolf is a fierce animal and ravenous.
While the wolf is greedily eating his dinner,
he swallows a bone.
The bone sticks in the wolf's throat and almost chokes him!
The wolf is in terrible pain and shouts, "Help me!"
But all the animals hate the wolf and refuse to help him.
Then the wolf notices the crane.
The crane has a long neck...
and a long beak.
Groaning with pain, the wolf says to the crane,
"O Crane, I promise to give you a reward if you will help me."
The gullible crane
puts her head
into the throat
of the wolf.
She extends her neck
and with her beak
she extracts the bone
from the throat of the wolf.
Then the crane asks for her reward...
but the wolf gives her nothing.
The wolf smiles, showing his teeth and says to the crane,
"What a ridiculous fool you are!"
"Your head was in my mouth,
and I allowed you to live."
"That is reward enough for you, fool!"
The moral of the story:
Beware of the wolf! It is dangerous to help bad people.

Cars
These cars are black and orange.
There are millions of cars.
This type of car is Bugatti.
It is a race car.
It is a nice city for cars.
The bike has wheels like a car.
Cars make a lot of light.
The cars are parked at home.

Lupus et Grus
Lupus et Grus
Ecce lupus!
Lupus ánimal saevum est, et vorax.
Dum Lupus ávide cenat,
os gluttit.
Os in gútture Lupi haeret et eum fere strángulat.
Lupus gráviter dolet, et clamat: "Ádiuva me!"
Sed animália ómnia Lupum ódio habent et iuváre nolunt.
Deinde Lupus Gruem animadvértit.
Grus longum collum habet...
... et longum rostrum.
Dolóre gemens, Lupus Grui dicit:
"O Grus, praémium tibi promítto, si me ádiuvas!"
Crédula Grus
caput suum
in guttur Lupi
immíttit.
Collum suum exténdit
et rostro suo
e Lupi gútture
os éxtrahit.
Grus ergo praémium póstulat...
... sed Lupus nihil ei dat.
Lupus subrídet,  dentes revélans, et dicit Grui:
"Quam stulta es tu, et ridícula!"
"Caput tuum in ore meo fuit...
... et tibi vívere permísi."
"Hoc, O stulta, satis praémii est tibi."
Fábula docet:
Cave lupum! Periculósum est malos adiuváre.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/6

Cookies, Cookies, I Love Cookies!
Cookies, cookies, I love cookies!
I love chocolate cookies.
I love peanut butter cookies!
I love cookies shaped like hearts.
I love cookies shaped like animals.
I love cookies with jelly in the middle,
and cookies with frosting in the middle.
Cookies, cookies, I love cookies!
I like cookies with chocolate kisses on top.
I like cookies with M&Ms on top.
I like cookies with frosting on top.
I love cookies with sprinkles on top!
Cookies, cookies, I love cookies!
I love chocolate chip cookies.
I love Oreo cookies!
I love cookies with stripes on top.
I love cookies with sugar on top!
I like plain cookies.
I like cookies that are all different colors!
I love cookies with milk.
I love cookies in a pile!
Cookies, cookies, I love cookies!
What is your favorite kind of cookie?

A Day at the Beach
A Day at the Beach
Have you ever been to the beach?
At the beach, there is sand and water.
You can play in the sand with sand toys!
We can use a bucket to carry sand or water.
Have you ever built a sand castle?  Wow!
At the beach, you can look for seashells!  This one is very pretty.
What else could you build in the sand?
You might even find a starfish!  How many starfish do you see here?
Maybe you will see a crab on the beach!  What color is this crab?
At the beach, you can play with a beach ball.  What shape is a ball?
Did you ever go in the water at the beach?  Some people just like to walk at the edge of the water,
and sometimes people like to swim in the water!
Sometimes people like to use inner tubes,
and sometimes people wear water wings.  Do you have water wings?
Did you ever have a picnic on the beach?  What would you like to eat on a picnic?
There is so much to explore at the beach!
At the end of the day, you might see a beautiful sunset.
The beach can be so much fun!

What is an Anagram?
Can you see the words? What are they? They are originally "Sport World!"
'Tea' can be 'eat' by reshuffling.
You can see a teacher in the picture. What can 'teach' be by reshuffling?
Yes, that's right. You can change the 'teach' into 'cheat'.
O.K. Next problem is 'master'. What can 'master' be?
Just think and think.
Right! The answer is 'stream.'
Interesting? Yes. Try to do it by yourselves. Bye.

Pasta
I like Italian cooking.
I can make pizza.
I can make spaghetti and meatballs, too.
Macaroni is delicious.
How about trying some pasta?
This is also pasta.  It is called penne pasta.
Shell pasta is unique.
We can enjoy this kind of lunch.
Granita ice-cream is a good dessert.
Honey Semiphredo tastes sweet.

I Love Children
I love children.
Children are innocent.
Children usually like animals.
Children are curious about nature.
Some children are happy.
But others are not.
Sometimes, they get frustrated.
And sometimes they get lost.
Children need someone to talk with.
They also need something to express themselves with.
I would be happy to do something good for them.
I hope every child can live a happy life.
I mean it!

Zuzu  Club
The Zuzu Club
It is sunny today.
Let's go to the zoo and meet some animal friends.
Giraffes, what are you looking for? You look so sad because of your long neck.
Eternal friends of humans, you monkeys. I'm here to see you.
The Earth is too small for me. Let me go into space. Elephants, please stay here, please.
Dancing flamingos, what makes you so happy?
I want to take a walk with you, snake. Let's go.
You go well with bamboo. Do you miss your hometown, China?
Wow, your highness, I worship you!!!

The Symbols of Summer
Summer is the beach.
Summer is rain!
Summer is love.
Summer is butterflies.
Summer is sunflowers.
Summer is naked.
Summer is surfing.
Summer is jumping into water.
Summer is grapes.
Summer is cocktails.
Summer is hot.

What I Love...
I love grabbing a pencil.
I love heroic dawn.
I love a city at sea at night.
I love a cold beauty.
I love a bold rose.
I love glowing leaves.
I love an old picture, always fresh.
I love a courageous doll.
I love familiar absurdities.
I love a silent man, never sleeping.
I love dreaming of escaping out of life on darkness.
I love a woman reading a novel.
I love a sculpture, meaningful.

Computers Are ...
Computers are ...
Computers are interesting.
Computers are outside.
Computers are social.
Computers are learning!
Computers are cool!
Computers are games.
Computers are search engines.
Computers are simulators.
Computers are keyboards!
Computers are networks.
Computers are for all ages!
Computers are libraries.
Computers are fascinating.
Computers are portable.
Computers are computer chips.
Computers are fun!
Computers are music!
Computers are classrooms!
Computers are companies.
Computers are software.
Computers are hardware.
Computers sometimes die! The End.

Formula One
Drag cars are very loud.
They are low to the ground.
They can do front wheelies.
They have one steering wheel.
Drag car have 4 wheels.
Drivers wear helmets.
They come in colours.
Drag cars can go around corners.
Drag cars sometimes explode.

The Way Things Are
A smell is sweet.
A stink is unpleasant.
Mud is moist.
Dust is dry.
Bone is hard.
Flesh is soft.
Ice is slippery.
A live ember is hot.
A live ember is glowing.
Burnt wood is black.
Burnt wood is cold.
We go about clothed.
Ethiopians, for example, go about naked.
A unicorn is a fierce beast.
A cow is gentle.
A lion is cruel.
A cow is tame.
A sheep is gentle.
A party guest is merry.
A pleasant location.
Friendship is delightful.
Good news is joyful. (Look who won!)
A place is uncomfortable.
A place is comfortable.
The moment is opportune. (Good timing!!)
The timing is bad.
The tool is right for the job.
The tool is wrong for the job.
A thing is necessary.
A thing is superfluous.
An opinion is incorrect.
An opinion is correct.
A thing is useful to use.
A thing is hurtful to use.
One thing is similar to another.
One thing is unlike another.
latinum.org.uk

Qvalitates (Latine)
Odor est suavis.
Foetor teter est.
Lutum humidum est.
Pulvis est siccus.
Ossa dura sunt.
Caro mollis est.
Glacies lubrica est.
Pruna calida est.
Pruna candens est.
Carbo ater est.
Carbo frigidus est.
Nos incedimus vestiti.
Aethiopes qvidam nudi.
Unicornis est animal ferum.
Vacca, animal mansuetum est.
Leo, animal saevum est.
Vacca, animal cicur est.
Ovis, animal mite est.
Conviva hilaris est.
Locus amoenus est.
Amicitia jucunda.
Nuncium laetum est.
Incommodus est locus.
Commodus est locus.
Tempus est opportunum.
Tempus importunum est.
Instrumentum aptum est.
Instrumentum ineptum est.
Res necessaria est.
Res supervacanea est.
Opinio falsa est.
Opinio vera est.
Rei usus utilis est.
Rei usus noxius est.
Res rei similis est.
Res rei dissimilis est.
latinum.org.uk

Qvalitates English & Latin
Odor est suavis.
A smell is 'sweet'.
Foetor teter est.
A stink is unpleasant.
Lutum humidum est.
Mud is moist.
Pulvis est siccus.
Dust is dry.
Ossa dura sunt.
Bones are hard.
Caro mollis est.
Flesh is soft.
Glacies lubrica est.
Ice is slippery.
Pruna calida est.
A live ember is hot.
Pruna candens est.
A live ember is glowing.
Carbo ater est.
Burnt wood is black.
Carbo frigidus est.
Burnt wood is cold.
Nos incedimus vestiti.
We go about clothed.
Aethiopes qvidam nudi.
Ethiopians,for example, go about naked.
Unicornis est animal ferum.
A unicorn is a fierce beast.
Vacca, animal mansuetum est.
A cow is a gentle animal.
Leo, animal saevum est.
A lion is a cruel animal.
Vacca, animal cicur est.
A cow is a tame animal.
Ovis, animal mite est.
A sheep is a gentle animal.
Conviva hilaris est.
A party guest is merry.
Locus amoenus est.
A pleasant location.
Amicitia jucunda.
Friendship is delightful.
Nuncium laetum est.
Good news is joyful. (Look who won!)
Incommodus est locus.
A place is uncomfortable.
Commodus est locus.
A place is comfortable.
Tempus est opportunum.
The moment is opportune.
Tempus importunum est.
The timing is bad.
Instrumentum aptum est.
The tool is right for the job.
Instrumentum ineptum est.
The tool is wrong for the job.
Res necessaria est.
A thing is necessary.
Res supervacanea est.
A thing is superfluous.
Opinio falsa est.
An opinion is incorrect.
Opinio vera est.
An opinion is correct.
Rei usus utilis est.
A thing is useful to use.
Rei usus noxius est.
A thing is hurtful to use.
Res rei similis est.
One thing is similar to another.
Res rei dissimilis est.
One thing is unlike another.
latinum.org.uk

Datives II
Pueri ancillis cenam quarebant.


The boys were looking for dinner for the slave girls.
Puellae libertis cenas dederunt.


The girls gave dinners to the freedmen.
Feminae poetis gladios offerebant.

Women were offering swords to poets.
Puellae poetis fabulas narrabant.

The girls were telling stories to the poets.

Amtrak
The Amtrak train is a regular train.  It is the way to travel.
The Amtrak train is pulling another Amtrak train.
An Amtrak California Cab Car is going backwards to the state capitol of Sacramento, California.
I love the trains.
The railroads are talking.
There are trains all over the place.
There are cab cars on the trains.
Riley saw a train going to the Berkeley Amtrak Station and to Emeryville.
In Sacramento, there were many trains.
My favorite part of the trains are the railroads.
Inside the train and outside, too.
Here it comes!
A brother train.
A sister train.
The other side.
The brother train.
The brother train said,
"I love you, sister train."
The sister and the brother trains are metal.
The brother and the sister trains are plastic.
The brother and sister trains both have steam.
We rode on the train to Sacramento, California.
The Amtrak trains are still running.
The trains are still going today.
There are trains.
The trains.
The rails.
California train.

My Pet Hamster
This is my pet,
Emily.
Emily is a hamster. She is white.
She lives in a cage at my house.
My mom cleans her cage with soap and water every Saturday.
I feed her in the morning. She cracks the seeds in her food bowl with her teeth.
I put fresh water in her water bottle every morning.
I take her out of the cage and hold her. Sometimes, she bites and other times she is nice.
She likes to play on her wheel at night time.
I love Emily, and she loves me.

Summer Fun
I like to watch fireworks in the summer.
I like to go swimming in the summer.
I like to go to the lake in the summer.
I like to travel in the summer.
I like to go to the country in the summer.
I like to go to the beach in the summer.
I like to see foreign places in the summer.
I like to plant flowers in the summer.
I like to go to Disney World in the summer.
I like to watch TV in the summer.
I like to sleep in the summer.
I like to listen to music in the summer.
I like going to summer camp in the summer.
I like playing basketball in the summer.

Gallus et Gemma: The Rooster and The Jewel
Gallus et Gemma
The Rooster and The Jewel
Gallus et Gemma
Ecce Gallus!
This is a rooster.
Ecce Gallus!
Gallus famélicus est.
The rooster is hungry.
Gallus famélicus est.
Ecce stercus!
This is manure.
Ecce stercus!
Gallus in stércore escam quaerit.
The rooster looks for food in the manure.
Gallus in stércore escam quaerit.
Quid Gallus cómedit?
What does a rooster eat?
Quid Gallus cómedit?
Gallus trítici grana cómedit.
A rooster eats grains of wheat.
Gallus trítici grana cómedit.
Gallus hórdei grana cómedit.
A rooster eats grains of barley.
Gallus hórdei grana cómedit.
Gallus etiam vermes cómedit.
A rooster even eats worms.
Gallus etiam vermes cómedit.
Ex improvíso,
All of a sudden,
Ex improvíso,
dum escam quaerit,
while he is looking for food,
dum escam quaerit,
Gallus gemmam in stércore ínvenit.
the rooster finds a jewel in the manure.
Gallus gemmam in stércore ínvenit.
Gemma res rara est!
A jewel is something rare!
Gemma res rara est!
Gemma res pulchra est!
A jewel is something beautiful!
Gemma res pulchra est!
Gemma res pretiósa est!
A jewel is something precious!
Gemma res pretiósa est!
Sed Gallo gemma non placet.
But the rooster does not like the jewel.
Sed Gallo gemma non placet.
Gallus frustrátus est...
The rooster is frustrated...
Gallus frustrátus est...
... and says:
... et dicit:
... et dicit:
"Gemma mihi non placet!"
"I don't like the jewel!"
"Gemma mihi non placet!"
"Gemma mihi non prodest!"
"The jewel is of no use to me!"
"Gemma mihi non prodest!"
"Escam quaero,
"I am looking for food,
"Escam quaero,
non gemmas!"
not jewels!"
non gemmas!"
"Gemmas comédere non possum."
"I cannot eat jewels."
"Gemmas comédere non possum."
"O gemma, mísera es...
"O jewel, you are unlucky...
"O gemma, mísera es...
... quod in stércore iaces."
... because you are lying in the manure."
... quod in stércore iaces."
"Ego quoque miser sum...
"I am also unlucky...
"Ego quoque miser sum...
... quod escam non hábeo."
... because I don't have any food."
... quod escam non hábeo."
"Unum granum escae mélius mihi est...
"One grain of food is worth more to me...
"Unum granum escae mélius mihi est...
... quam omnes gemmae pretiosae."
... than all the precious jewels."
... quam omnes gemmae pretiosae."
"Ergo: hanc gemmam pretiósam frustra invéni."
"So, I found this precious jewel - but it's worthless to me!"
"Ergo: hanc gemmam pretiósam frustra invéni."
Fábula docet:
The moral of the story:
Fábula docet:
Cuique suum.
To each his own.
Cuique suum.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/5

The Rooster and the Jewel
The Rooster and the Jewel
This is a rooster.
The rooster is hungry.
This is manure.
The rooster looks for food in the manure.
What does a rooster eat?
A rooster eats grains of wheat.
A rooster eats grains of barley.
A rooster even eats worms.
All of a sudden,
while he is looking for food,
the rooster finds a jewel in the manure.
A jewel is something rare!
A jewel is something beautiful!
A jewel is something precious!
But the rooster does not like the jewel.
The rooster is frustrated...
and says:
"I don't like the jewel!"
"The jewel is of no use to me!"
"I am looking for food,
not jewels!"
"I cannot eat jewels."
"Oh jewel, you are unlucky...
because you are lying in the manure."
"I am also unlucky...
because I don't have any food."
"One grain of food is worth more to me...
than all the precious jewels."
"So, I found this precious jewel, but it's worthless to me!"
The moral of the story:
To each his own.

Gallus et Gemma
Gallus et Gemma
Ecce Gallus!
Gallus famélicus est.
Ecce stercus!
Gallus in stércore escam quaerit.
Quid Gallus cómedit?
Gallus trítici grana cómedit.
Gallus hórdei grana cómedit.
Gallus etiam vermes cómedit.
Ex improvíso,
dum escam quaerit,
Gallus gemmam in stércore ínvenit.
Gemma res rara est!
Gemma res pulchra est!
Gemma res pretiósa est!
Sed Gallo gemma non placet.
Gallus frustrátus est...
... et dicit:
"Gemma mihi non placet!"
"Gemma mihi non prodest!"
"Escam quaero,
non gemmas!"
"Gemmas comédere non possum."
"O gemma, mísera es...
... quod in stércore iaces."
"Ego quoque miser sum...
... quod escam non hábeo."
"Unum granum escae mélius mihi est...
... quam omnes gemmae pretiosae."
"Ergo: hanc gemmam pretiósam frustra invéni."
Fábula docet:
Cuique suum.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/5

Hannibal
Carthago est in Libya.
Roma est in Italia.
Hannibal ducit magnum exercitum in Italiam ab Libya.
Elephantes! O! In magno periculo Roma est.
Cives Romae territi sunt.
Legiones Romae non possunt vincere Carthaginem,
et Hannibal est  bonus princeps.
Hasdrubal ducit secundum exercitum  in Italiam, sed milites Romae occidunt eum.
Hannibal vincit Romanos saepe...
sed milites Romae vincunt ducem Carthaginis.
Hannibal est valde tristis, ergo occidit se.
Tandem Romani vincunt.

CHAPTER 10 NOUNS!!
verbum - word
nauta - sailor
unda - wave
periculum - danger
clamor - shout
caelum - sky,heavan
litus - shore
mare - sea
saxum - rock
mons - mountain
silva - wood, forest
homo - man,human being

The Trojan War
sumus Graeci
sumus Troiani
Graeci oppugnant Troianos
Troiani fortiter defendunt muros
decem annos Graeci non possunt capere Troianos
Ulixes habet consilium
Graeci enavigant
relinquunt equum
Troiani ducunt equum in urbe
Graeci renavigant
Graeci aperiunt portas
Graeci oppugnant Troianos
tandem Graeci vincunt

Latin Phrases
Latin Phrases
By: Flavia
Amicus certus in re incerta cernitur
Cave canem
Ad infinitum
Citius, altius, fortius
Da mi basia mille, deinde centum
Deo gratias
Diffugere nives, redeunt iam gramina campis arboribusque comae
E pluribus unum
Floreat
In vino veritas
Magnum opus
Nescit occasum
Nil admirari
Pares cum paribus facillime congregantur
Scientia potestas est

Europe
Have you ever been to Europe? There are so many wonderful places in Europe.
This is the Eiffel Tower. You can go up to the middle of the tower by elevator.
Big Ben is in London, U.K.
You can see this kind of cathedral everywhere in Italy.
These are pretty windows on the street of Italy. They close them during the daytime.
You may see snow in the Alps even in August. If so, you are lucky!
This is the Louvre in Paris. There is a Korean room that shows Korean things.
Here is the Millennium Wheel on the Thames River. You'll spend another night here!

Camping with Nature
Camping is for relaxing.
Camping is for sleeping outside.
Camping is for finding new places.
Camping is looking at moving clouds.
Camping is setting up a tent.
Camping is to be closer to me.
Camping is for looking down at the top of the mountain.
Camping is feeling nature deeply.
Camping is preparing some toliet papers.
Do you love your children?
How about having a great time around a campfire?
You'll love nature by camping.

Cakes
Cakes
My favorite thing is making cupcakes.
Lemon cupcakes are good for dessert.
Strawberry cakes are sweet and delicious.
If you make cakes for your dad, your dad will love them.
If you make a miniature cake like that, it will be cute and good for your diet.
If you decorate your cake with strawberries, it will look attractive to other people.
Mango cheese cakes are so beautiful.
If you make fancy cakes for your children, they will love them.
If you make this funny cake, your children will stop crying.

Soccer is My Eternal Energy
When I was young, I liked soccer most.
I liked kicking a soccer ball.
We also played soccer on a rainy day.
The places where we played soccer were not important.
Sometimes, I was hit by a soccer ball. Ouch!
My favorite soccer player was Maradona.
Korea and Japan held the World Cup in 2002.
I have been a big fan of soccer.
Standing in a stadium gives me great energy.
How about buying a soccer ball?

Vacation
Vacation
Vacation is going far away alone.
Vacation is exploring a new place.
Vacation is playing and shouting in an exciting place, like Epcot.
Vacation is doing something new.
Vacation is putting all places on my palm.
Vacation is spending a magic night.
Vacation is meeting a new person.
Vacation is in the field of flowers.
Vacation is sitting on a bench closing your eyes.
Vacation is missing somebody.
Vacation is flying freely.

My Family
My Family
There are three cute daughters.
This is my father's house.
It's me.
My family wants to go to this place.
My mother likes apples.
My son wants to buy this small car.
Before winter comes, my family has to prepare warm clothes.

Water Buffalo Love
Water Buffalo Love
This water feels so good!
Time for a bath.
Why did he bother?
Yum, good grass!
Still eating? Time to get to work, water buffalo!
That's better... I guess (still nibbling).
You are a devoted mother.
My baby... my mama.
You are patient,
long suffering,
and trustworthy.
My sturdy friend.
Time to head home.
And eat dinner!
The End

Elephants
I live in the jungle!
I am grey!
I eat grass!
I am BIG!
I have a trunk!
I am an elephant!

My Book About Monkeys
What am I?
I can swing!
I can climb!
I eat fruit!
I am brown!
By Victoria Smith

Snakes
What am I?
I am big!
I eat birds!
I live in trees!
I have scales!

Hic Veteranorum dies
Hodie est veteranorum dies
Sunt multi milites
Multi sunt vetusti
Multi sunt iuvenes
Multi ceciderunt
Manebunt in nostro animo hodie
Deus, benedic Americam

My Favorite Music
I like Michael Jackson's "Earth Song."
I like The Backstreet Boys. They sing "Everybody."
I like ABBA. They sing "Mama Mia."
I like  the Fatboy Slim song, "Rockafella Skank."
I like Tenacious D. He sings "Tribute."
I like Electric Light Orchestra. They sing "All Over the World."
I like David Byrne.  He  sings "Like Humans Do."

What Am I?
What am I?
I live everywhere.
I can fly.
I have four wings.
I hatch from a cocoon.
I am colourful.
What am I?
I am a butterfly.

What Am I?
What am I?
My skin is covered with scales.
I can slither.
What am I?
I am a snake.

Cervus et Cornua Eius: Alexander Nequam (elegiac couplets)
Cervus et Cornua Eius: Alexander Nequam (elegiac couplets)
Mīrātus liquidam sua cornua vīdit in undam
Cervus; nōn modicā
laude probābat ea;
Sed sua culpābat nimium subtīlia crūra,
Esse putāns onerī
nōn satis apta suō.
Dum facit haec, vēnātor adest, acrēsque molossōs
Evāsit Cervus
per loca plāna fugā.
Ut nemus intrāvit, mox rāmīs cornibus haesit;
Sīcque miser captus,
dum morerētur ait:
Quae me iūvērunt, mihi crūra nocēre putābam;
Cornua laudābam
quae nocuēre mihi.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/4

Cervus et Cornua Eius: Alexander Nequam (paraphrased)
Cervus et Cornua Eius: Alexander Nequam (paraphrased)
Cervus,
sua cornua vīdit,
in liquidam undam,
mīrātus.
Probābat cornua, nōn modicā laude,
sed culpābat sua crūra
nimium subtīlia,
putāns
crūra nōn esse satis apta
onerī suō.
Dum facit haec,
vēnātor adest,
et Cervus evāsit
acrēs molossōs
fugā
per loca plāna.
Ut Cervus intrāvit nemus,
cornibus
mox rāmīs haesit.
Et sīc captus,
miser,
dum morerētur, ait:
"Putābam 
crūra mihi nocēre,
sed me iūvērunt fugā.
Laudābam cornua,
sed nocuērunt mihi captō.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/4

The Water Fight
The Water Fight
Water fights are at home.
Water fights are at school.
Water fights are happy.
Water fights are fun.
Water fights are mad.
Water fights are wet.

Cervus et Cornua Eius: A Goliardic Poem
Cervus et Cornua Eius: A Goliardic Poem
Sítiens ad flúmina
Cervus properávit.
Videns umbram córnuum,
multum se iactávit,
Et crura gracília
nímium culpávit.
Attamen extollens multum sē māgnificāvit.
Inter haec latrántium
voces audiébat.
Cervus mortem métuens
fugam capiébat.
Magnitúdo córnuum
quem propediébat
Currere nē posset; querulā tunc vōce gemēbat:
Miser, inquam, fátuus,
magis extollébam
Digna vitupério,
sic insolescébam.
Dum laudávi córnua,
crura contemnébam.
Amplius illa nocent mihi quae plūs cāra tenēbam.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/4

Cervus et Cornua Eius: The Stag and His Horns
Cervus et Córnua Eius
The Stag and His Horns
Cervus et Córnua Eius
Ecce Cervus!
This is a stag.
Ecce Cervus!
Cervus córnua habet.
The stag has horns.
Cervus córnua habet.
Cervi córnua magna sunt.
The stag's horns are huge.
Cervi córnua magna sunt.
Cervus crura habet, sed magna non sunt.
The stag has legs, but they are not huge.
Cervus crura habet, sed magna non sunt.
Cervi crura tenuíssima sunt.
The stag's legs are very skinny.
Cervi crura tenuíssima sunt.
Cervus sítiens ad fontem venit, ut bibat.
The stag is thirsty and goes to the spring to drink.
Cervus sítiens ad fontem venit, ut bibat.
Dum bibit, Cervus imáginem suam spectat in aquis.
While he is drinking, the stag looks at his image in the water.
Dum bibit, Cervus imáginem suam spectat in aquis.
Cervus córnua sua laudat.
The stag praises his horns.
Cervus córnua sua laudat.
"Quam pulchra sunt mea córnua!"
"My horns are so handsome!"
"Quam pulchra sunt mea córnua!"
"Magna sunt mea córnua, et mirífica."
"My horns are huge; they are amazing!"
"Magna sunt mea córnua, et mirífica."
Cervus crura sua damnat.
The stag criticizes his legs.
Cervus crura sua damnat.
"Quam indígna sunt mea crura!"
"My legs are so worthless!"
"Quam indígna sunt mea crura!"
"Tenuíssima sunt mea crura, et túrpia."
"My legs are totally skinny; they are repulsive."
"Tenuíssima sunt mea crura, et túrpia."
Dum Cervus se spectat, venátor appropínquat.
While the stag is looking at himself, a hunter approaches.
Dum Cervus se spectat, venátor appropínquat.
Cervus audit canes latrántes.
The stag hears the dogs barking.
Cervus audit canes latrántes.
Cervus pertérritus est.
The stag is terrified.
Cervus pertérritus est.
Cervus celérrime fugit!
The stag runs away very quickly!
Cervus celérrime fugit!
Quam velox Cervus est!
The stag is so fast!
Quam velox Cervus est!
Venátor cum cánibus Cervum petit.
The hunter with his dogs is chasing the stag.
Venátor cum cánibus Cervum petit.
Per campum Cervus cánibus praecúrrit.
Running through the field, the stag stays ahead of the dogs.
Per campum Cervus cánibus praecúrrit.
Sic Cervus evádit et currit in silvam.
Thus the stag gets away and runs into the forest.
Sic Cervus evádit et currit in silvam.
Sed inter árbores silvae, Cervi córnua haerent.
But the stag's horns get stuck in the trees of the forest.
Sed inter árbores silvae, Cervi córnua haerent.
Córnua Cervum détinent, ut cúrrere non possit.
The horns hold the stag back, so he cannot run.
Córnua Cervum détinent, ut cúrrere non possit.
Profécto canes Cervum apprehéndunt.
As a result, the dogs catch the stag.
Profécto canes Cervum apprehéndunt.
Cervus moribúndus  clamat:
The dying stag shouts:
Cervus moribúndus  clamat:
"Me míserum!"
"Woe is me!"
"Me míserum!"
"Quam stultus eram!"
"I was so stupid!"
"Quam stultus eram!"
"Damnávi crura, sed ecce: crura mihi utilíssima erant."
"I criticized my legs, but my legs were really useful to me."
"Damnávi crura, sed ecce: crura mihi utilíssima erant."
"Laudávi córnua, sed ecce: córnua me perdunt."
"I praised my horns, but my horns have destroyed me."
"Laudávi córnua, sed ecce: córnua me perdunt."
"Nimis sero errórem intéllego."
"I understand my mistake too late."
"Nimis sero errórem intéllego."
Fábula docet:
The moral of the story is:
Fábula docet:
Laudáte non pulchrum, sed útile.
Don't praise what is handsome; praise what is useful.
Laudáte non pulchrum, sed útile.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/4

Not John McCain
These are people.  They are not John McCain.
This is a man.  He is not John McCain.
This is a woman.  She is not John McCain.
This is a boy.  He is not John McCain.
This is a girl.  She is not John McCain.
This is a baby.  She is not John McCain.
This is a kitten.  It is not John McCain.
This is a puppy.  It is not John McCain.
This is Barack Obama.  He is not John McCain.
This is John McCain.

I See Playing
I see a boy playing with balls.
I see a boy playing with water.
I see a dog playing with a ball.
I see cats playing.
I see a girl playing with swings.
I see a man playing basketball.
I see a boy playing with Barney.
I see birds playing.

The Stag and His Horns
The Stag and His Horns
This is a stag.
The stag has horns.
The stag's horns are huge.
The stag has legs, but his legs are not huge.
The stag's legs are very skinny.
The stag is thirsty and goes to the spring to drink.
While he is drinking, the stag looks at his image in the water.
The stag praises his horns.
"My horns are so handsome!"
"My horns are huge. They are amazing!"
The stag criticizes his legs.
"My legs are so worthless!"
"My legs are skinny. They are disgusting."
While the stag is looking at himself, a hunter approaches.
The stag hears the dogs barking.
The stag is terrified.
The stag runs away very quickly!
The stag is so fast!
The hunter and his dogs are chasing the stag.
Running through the field, the stag stays ahead of the dogs.
The stag gets away and runs into the forest.
But the stag's horns get stuck in the trees of the forest.
The horns hold the stag back so he cannot run.
As a result, the dogs catch the stag.
Before he dies, the stag cries out:
"Woe is me!"
"I was so stupid!"
"I criticized my legs, but my legs were really useful to me."
"I praised my horns, but my horns have destroyed me."
"I see my mistake now, but it is too late."
The moral of the story is:
Don't praise what is handsome. Praise what is useful.

We Went to the Beach
We went to the beach.
We saw a big battleship.
We walked up a gangway.
The ship had big guns.
We stood in front of an airplane.
We climbed up scary stairs.
Ms. Serviss cooled herself with the air conditioner.
The doorways and stairways were small.
Mr. Hunning and Ms. Serviss got tired and took a nap.
The guns could shoot over 21 miles.
Jamal is the captain of this ship.
We had lots of fun on the battleship.
Next, we went to the beach.
All of our friends got in the water.
Nakesha ate some crab legs.
We had fun at the beach.

Alaska's Wildlife
In Alaska there are lynx, wolves, and polar bears.  Here are some facts about Alaska's wildlife.
A lynx is more like a cat than a dog.
Lynx stalk their prey.
People that hunt or snowmobile hurt lynx populations.
Alaska has the largest population of wolves in the United States.
Wolves like to eat deer.
They like to bite each other when they play.
Polar bears have a thick layer of blubber.
They swim in the Arctic Ocean.
Polar bears  can swim in cold waters.
Polar bears share the same ancestors as grizzly bears.
The End

The Laughter of Women by Lisel Mueller
"The Laughter of Women"
by Lisel Mueller
The laughter of women,
sets fire to the Halls of Injustice,
and the false evidence burns,
to a beautiful white lightness.
It rattles the Chambers of Congress,
and forces the windows wide open,
so the fatuous speeches can fly out.
The laughter of women,
wipes the mist from the spectacles of the old;
it infects them with a happy flu,
and they laugh as if they were young again.
Prisoners held in underground cells,
imagine that they see daylight,
when they remember the laughter of women.
It runs across water that divides,
and it reconciles two unfriendly shores,
like flares that signal the news to each other.
What a language it is,
the laughter of women,
high-flying and subversive.
Long before law and scripture,
we heard the laughter.
We understood freedom.

Cervus et Cornua Eius
Cervus et Córnua Eius
Ecce Cervus!
Cervus córnua habet.
Cervi córnua magna sunt.
Cervus crura habet, sed magna non sunt.
Cervi crura tenuíssima sunt.
Cervus sítiens ad fontem venit, ut bibat.
Dum bibit, Cervus imáginem suam spectat in aquis.
Cervus córnua sua laudat.
"Quam pulchra sunt mea córnua!"
"Magna sunt mea córnua, et mirífica."
Cervus crura sua damnat.
"Quam indígna sunt mea crura!"
"Tenuíssima sunt mea crura, et túrpia."
Dum Cervus se spectat, venátor appropínquat.
Cervus audit canes latrántes.
Cervus pertérritus est.
Cervus celérrime fugit!
Quam velox Cervus est!
Venátor cum cánibus Cervum petit.
Per campum Cervus cánibus praecúrrit.
Sic Cervus evádit et currit in silvam.
Sed inter árbores silvae, Cervi córnua haerent.
Córnua Cervum détinent, ut cúrrere non possit.
Profécto canes Cervum apprehéndunt.
Cervus moribúndus  clamat:
"Me míserum!"
"Quam stultus eram!"
"Damnávi crura, sed ecce: crura mihi utilíssima erant."
"Laudávi córnua, sed ecce: córnua me perdunt."
"Nimis sero errórem intéllego."
Fábula docet:
Laudáte non pulchrum, sed útile.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/4

Grocery
Household cleaning detergent
Plastic bags
Toothpaste
Cheetos
Cookies
Paper plates
Charcoal
Milk
Macaroni and cheese
Canned vegetables
Ketchup
Canned fruit
Canned meat
Hot dogs
Deodarant
Diapers
Sodas
Candy
Sauces
Baked goods
Salad dressing
Cosmetics
Brownies
Flour
Mixes
Baked goods
Bread
Frozen breads
Frozen pizza
Canned beans
Breakfast cereals
Shampoo

Itchy Horses
Horses have four legs and four feet.
Horses have no hands or fingers.
Sometimes a horse gets itchy. Sometimes a fly might annoy a horse.
What can the horse do? He can't scratch his nose? He can't wave the fly away!
The horse can only do one thing!
He can shake his head! Shoo fly! Go away itch!
Aaaah! That feels better!
So don't worry when Jay Jay shakes his head.  He's just getting comfortable!

Sum ego...
Sum ego animal quod est forte.
Sum ego animal quod habitat in silva.
Sum ego animal quod Romulum et Remum curavit.
Sum ego similis cani.
Sum in primo volumine huius libri.
Quis sum ego?
Sum ego lupa!

Catullus 70
Nulli se dicit mulier mea nubere malle quam mihi
non si se Iuppiter ipse petat.
Dicit: sed mulier cupido quod dicit amanti
in uento et rapida scribere oportet aqua.

Catullus 43
Salve, nec minimo puella naso
nec bello pede
nec nigris ocellis
nec longis digitis
nec ore sicco
nec sane nimis elegante lingua
decoctoris amica Formiani.
Ten prouincia narrat esse bellam?
Tecum Lesbia nostra comparatur?
O saeclum insapiens et infacetum!

John Deere
John Deere
There are many kinds of tractors.
Some are red.
Some are blue.
My favorite tractor is the John Deere.
John Deere tractors are green and yellow.
John Deere has been building tractors for many years.
This is an antique tractor.
It is very old.
Tractors do many jobs. This tractor is planting seeds.
This tractor is fitted with a baler for making hay.
This John Deere is fitted with a bucket for moving dirt.
This John Deere is hauling brush.
This John Deere is plowing snow.
This is a child riding a toy tractor.
This is a John Deere lawn mower.
This man is driving a John Deere in a parade.
This little boy is wearing a John Deere cap.
JD stands for John Deere.

Moving to the Mountains
I am moving to the mountains.
There will be lots of trees.
The water will rush by.
We will see animals.
Maybe a buffalo or two.
Wolves like the mountains.
Elk will live in our backyard.
We will see small animals.
We will see big animals.
Animals that swim.
Animals that fly.
I think I will like it there.

Vulpes et Lupus in Puteo
Vulpes et Lupus in Puteo
Vulpes casu...
cecidit per situlam...
in puteum.
Venit lupus
Venit lupus et qvaerebat
"Qvid ibi faceret?"
Quae ait vulpecula, "Bone compater"
"Hic habeo multos pisces magnos."
"Utinam partem mecum haberes!"
Et ait lupus "Qvomodo illuc possum descendere?"
Ait vulpecula, "Super est una situla;"
"tu pone intus"
"et venies deorsum!"
Erant enim ibi duae situlae...
qvarum una ascendit...
...alia descendit.
Lupus sedit in situlam superiorem..
et coepit descendere.
Vulpecula in situla inferiore, coepit ascendere.
Et cum obviaverunt sibi
ait lupus, "Bone compater, qvo vadis?"
Et ait vulpes, "Satis comedi"
"et ideo ascendo."
"Tu descendis"
"et invenies mirabilia!"
Descendit miser lupus
Nihil invenit, nisi aqvam.
Venerunt mane rustici
et extraxerunt lupum
et usqve ad mortem verberaverunt.

Feelings
We like coming to group, where we get to talk about our feelings.
I feel worried when I have too much to do.
I feel scared when it storms.
I felt excited when we had a garage sale and made money.
I felt lucky when I got a new house.
But I felt overwhelmed when I had to unpack all the boxes.
I felt glad when it was my dad's birthday.
I feel happy when I play with my friends.
I feel silly because it's okay to feel silly sometimes.
I feel sad when I don't get to go on the computer.
I feel loved when my mom buys me special things.
I feel impatient when I have to wait to go to the grocery store.
I feel mad when other kids don't let me play.

Scisne ter unum qvot sint?
Ter unum sunt tria.
3 x 1 = 3
Ter bina sunt sex.
3 x 2 = 6
Ter terna sunt novem.
3 x 3 = 9
Ter qvaterna sunt duodecim.
3 x 4 = 12
Ter qvina sunt qvindecim.
3 x 5 = 15
Ter sena sunt duodeviginti.
3 x 6 = 18
Ter septena sunt viginti unus.
3 x 7 = 21
Ter octona sunt
qvattuor et viginti.
3 x 8 = 24
Ter novena sunt septem et viginti.
3 x 9 = 27
Ter dena sunt triginta.
3 x 10 = 30

Flavours
Flavours
by J.A.Comenius
1657
Honey is sweet.
Sugar is sweet.
Gall is bitter. (Sometimes bile comes up into our mouths and it tastes horrid. Bile comes from the gall bladder.)
Vinegar is acidic.
Salt is salty.
Pepper is sharp.
An unripe apple is sour.
An unripe apple is unpleasant.

Sapores
Sapores
Mel dulce est.
Saccharum est dulce.
Fel est amarum.
Acetum acidum est.
Sal salsum est.
Piper acre est.
Immaturum pomum acerbum est.
Immaturum pomum austerum est.
latinum.org.uk

Sapores - Flavours English & Latin
Sapores
Flavours
Mel dulce est.
Honey is sweet.
Saccharum est dulce.
Sugar is sweet.
Fel est amarum.
Gall is bitter. (Sometimes bile comes up into our mouths and it tastes horrid. Bile comes from the gall bladder.)
Acetum acidum est.
Vinegar is acidic.
Sal salsum est.
Salt is salty.
Piper acre est.
Pepper is sharp.
Immaturum pomum acerbum est.
An unripe apple is sour.
Immaturum pomum austerum est.
An unripe apple is unpleasant.
latinum.org.uk

Colours and Colors
There are lots of colours.
Chalk is white.
A board is black.
Cinnabar ( a type of rock) is red.
Sulphur (Sulfur) is yellow.
Grass is green.
The sky is blue.
A parrot is multi-coloured.
Glass is translucent (light goes through it).
A plank (of wood) is opaque. It does not let light through.
Water is disturbed (and so muddy).
Water is clear.

Colores
Color multiplex est.
Creta alba est.
Tabula nigra est.
Cinnabaris rubra est.
Sulfur luteum est.
Gramen viride est.
Firmamentum caeruleum est.
Psittacus versicolor est.
Vitrum pellucidum est.
Asser opacus est.
Aqva turbida est.
Aqva clara est.
latinum.org.uk

Colores -  English & Latin
Color multiplex est.
There are lots of colours.
Creta alba est.
Chalk is white.
Tabula nigra est.
A board is black.
Cinnabaris rubra est.
Cinnabar ( a type of rock) is red.
Sulfur luteum est.
Sulphur (Sulfur) is yellow.
Gramen viride est.
Grass is green.
Firmamentum caeruleum est.
The sky is blue.
Psittacus versicolor est.
A parrot is multi-coloured.
Vitrum pellucidum est.
Glass is translucent (light goes through it).
Asser opacus est.
A plank (of wood) is opaque. It does not let light through.
Aqva turbida est.
Water is disturbed (and so muddy).
Aqva clara est.
Water is clear.
latinum.org.uk

Haedus et Lupus: The Kid and The Wolf
Haedus et Lupus
The Kid and The Wolf
Haedus et Lupus
Ecce Capélla!
This is a mother goat.
Ecce Capélla!
Ecce Haedus!
This is a baby goat - a kid!
Ecce Haedus!
Haedus párvulus est.
The kid is very small.
Haedus párvulus est.
Capélla est mater; Haedus est fílius.
The goat is the mother, and the kid is her son.
Capélla est mater; Haedus est fílius.
Ecce pratum!
This is a meadow.
Ecce pratum!
In prato Capélla cibum quaerit.
The mother goat looks for food in the meadow.
In prato Capélla cibum quaerit.
Capélla fílium domi relínquit solum.
She leaves her son at home alone.
Capélla fílium domi relínquit solum.
Haedus párvulus est, et ignárus.
The kid is very small, and naive.
Haedus párvulus est, et ignárus.
Capélla Haédulum monet:
The mother goat warns her kid:
Capélla Haédulum monet:
"Haédule mi, cave Lupum!"
"Son, beware of the wolf!"
"Haédule mi, cave Lupum!"
Mater fílio praecéptum dat:
The mother gives her son an order:
Mater fílio praecéptum dat:
"Noli aperíre portam Lupo!"
"Do not open the door to the wolf!"
"Noli aperíre portam Lupo!"
Mater abit.
The mother goat goes away.
Mater abit.
Dum Mater abit, Lupus latet!
When the mother goes away, the wolf is hiding.
Dum Mater abit, Lupus latet!
Nunc Haedus domi rémanet solus.
Now the kid is at home alone.
Nunc Haedus domi rémanet solus.
Lupus portam pulsat.
The wolf knocks on the door.
Lupus portam pulsat.
Lupus matris vocem símulat.
The wolf fakes the mother's voice.
Lupus matris vocem símulat.
"Fili mi, portam áperi!"
"Open the door, my son!"
"Fili mi, portam áperi!"
"Ego sum mater tua."
"I am your mother."
"Ego sum mater tua."
Lupus bene símulat Capéllae vocem.
The wolf is good at faking the mother's voice.
Lupus bene símulat Capéllae vocem.
Haedus matris vocem audit, sed cautus est!
The kid hears his mother's voice, but he is careful.
Haedus matris vocem audit, sed cautus est!
Haedus per rímulam spectat.
The kid looks through a crack in the door.
Haedus per rímulam spectat.
Haedus Lupum videt!
The kid sees a wolf!
Haedus Lupum videt!
Haedus matris praecépto oboédit.
The kid obeys his mother's orders.
Haedus matris praecépto oboédit.
"Tibi portam non apério!"
"I am not opening the door for you!"
"Tibi portam non apério!"
Haedus dicit veritátem:
The kid speaks the truth:
Haedus dicit veritátem:
"Lupum vídeo, non matrem."
"I see a wolf, not my mother."
"Lupum vídeo, non matrem."
Haedus demónstrat sapiéntiam:
The kid displays wisdom:
Haedus demónstrat sapiéntiam:
"Tu vis me devoráre!"
"You want to eat me up!"
"Tu vis me devoráre!"
Veritáte et sapiéntia, Haedus Lupum repéllit.
With truth and wisdom, the kid drives the wolf off.
Veritáte et sapiéntia, Haedus Lupum repéllit.
"Abi nunc, Lupe!"
He shouts: "Get out of here now, wolf!"
"Abi nunc, Lupe!"
Lupus repúlsus abit!
The wolf is defeated and goes away.
Lupus repúlsus abit!
Haedus salvus est.
The kid is safe!
Haedus salvus est.
Mater et fílius felíces sunt!
The mother and her son are happy!
Mater et fílius felíces sunt!
Fábula docet: Cave Lupum!
The fable teaches this lesson: Beware of the wolf!
Fábula docet: Cave Lupum!
Bonum est oboedíre paréntum praecéptis.
It is good to follow your  parents' orders.
Bonum est oboedíre paréntum praecéptis.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/2

Feles et Venus: The Cat and Venus
Feles et Venus
The Cat and Venus
Feles et Venus
Ecce Feles!
This is a cat.
Ecce Feles!
Ecce Puer!
This is a boy.
Ecce Puer!
Puer Felem amat.
The young boy loves the cat.
Puer Felem amat.
Ecce Venus, amóris Dea.
This is Venus, the goddess of love.
Ecce Venus, amóris Dea.
Puer orat Vénerem:
The boy prays to Venus:
Puer orat Vénerem:
"O Dea, muta Felem in Puéllam!"
"O Goddess, change the cat into a girl!"
"O Dea, muta Felem in Puéllam!"
Venus ádnuit.
Venus agrees.
Venus ádnuit.
Venus Felem mutat ...
Venus changes the cat ...
Venus Felem mutat ...
... in Puéllam.
... into a girl.
... in Puéllam.
Feles nunc habet Puéllae formam.
The cat now has a girl's figure.
Feles nunc habet Puéllae formam.
Pulchra est!
She is beautiful.
Pulchra est!
Puer gaudet, quod Puéllam amat.
The boy is happy, because he loves the girl.
Puer gaudet, quod Puéllam amat.
Puer Puéllam domum ducit.
The boy takes the girl home.
Puer Puéllam domum ducit.
Venus dúbia est, et dicit:
Venus has her doubts, and says:
Venus dúbia est, et dicit:
"Certe habet Puéllae formam."
"She definitely has a girl's figure."
"Certe habet Puéllae formam."
"Sed Puéllae natúram habet, an Felis?"
"But does she have a girl's nature - or a cat's nature?"
"Sed Puéllae natúram habet, an Felis?"
"Certe habet Puéllae fáciem."
"She definitely has a girl's face."
"Certe habet Puéllae fáciem."
"Sed Puéllae mentem habet, an Felis?"
"But does she have a girl's mind - or a cat's mind?"
"Sed Puéllae mentem habet, an Felis?"
Venus experiméntum agit.
Venus conducts an experiment.
Venus experiméntum agit.
Venus experiméntum agit per Murem.
Venus conducts an experiment using a mouse.
Venus experiméntum agit per Murem.
Puélla Murem spectat.
The girl sees the mouse.
Puélla Murem spectat.
Puélla currit!
The girl is running!
Puélla currit!
Puélla Murem captat.
The girl grabs the mouse.
Puélla Murem captat.
Venus iráta est, et dicit:
Venus is angry, and says:
Venus iráta est, et dicit:
"Puéllae spécies me decipit!"
"The girl's appearance deceived me!"
"Puéllae spécies me decipit!"
"Habet Felis natúram, non Puéllae!"
"She has a cat's nature, not a girl's nature."
"Habet Felis natúram, non Puéllae!"
Ergo Venus Puéllam mutat ...
So Venus changes the girl ...
Ergo Venus Puéllam mutat ...
... in Felem.
... into a cat.
... in Felem.
Feles Murem dévorat.
The cat eats the mouse.
Feles Murem dévorat.
Feles gaudet, quod Murem dévorat.
The cat is happy, because it is eating the mouse.
Feles gaudet, quod Murem dévorat.
Puer lácrimat, quod Puéllam non habet.
The boy cries, because he doesn't have the girl.
Puer lácrimat, quod Puéllam non habet.
Venus ridet,  quod Dea dura est.
Venus is laughing, because she is a harsh goddess.
Venus ridet,  quod Dea dura est.
Fábula docet:
The moral of the story is:
Fábula docet:
Mentem specta...
Look at the mind ...
Mentem specta...
... non fáciem.
... not at the face.
... non fáciem.
Spécies décipit!
Appearances can be deceiving!
Spécies décipit!
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/3

Canis et Lupus: The Dog and The Wolf
Canis et Lupus
The Dog and The Wolf
Canis et Lupus
Ecce Lupus!
This is a wolf.
Ecce Lupus!
Ecce silva!
This is a forest.
Ecce silva!
Lupus domum habet in silva.
The wolf has his home in the forest.
Lupus domum habet in silva.
Lupus in silva cibum quaerit.
The wolf looks for food in the forest.
Lupus in silva cibum quaerit.
Non multum cibum ínvenit.
He does not find a lot of food.
Non multum cibum ínvenit.
Lupus macer est.
The wolf is thin.
Lupus macer est.
Quam macer Lupus est!
The wolf is so thin!
Quam macer Lupus est!
Ecce Canis!
This is a dog.
Ecce Canis!
Canis domum habet in urbe.
The dog has his home in the city.
Canis domum habet in urbe.
Canis Dómino servit.
The dog obeys his master.
Canis Dómino servit.
Dóminus cibum Cani dat.
The dog's master gives him food.
Dóminus cibum Cani dat.
Dóminus multum cibum Cani dat.
The dog's master gives him a lot of food.
Dóminus multum cibum Cani dat.
Canis pinguis est.
The dog is fat.
Canis pinguis est.
Quam pinguis Canis est!
The dog is so fat!
Quam pinguis Canis est!
Canis Lupo occúrrit.
The dog runs into the wolf.
Canis Lupo occúrrit.
CANIS: "Salve, amíce!"
DOG: "Hello, friend!"
CANIS: "Salve, amíce!"
LUPUS: "Salve, amíce!"
WOLF: "Hello, friend!"
LUPUS: "Salve, amíce!"
LUPUS: "Mirátus sum: quam pinguis es tu!"
WOLF: "Wow - you are so fat!"
LUPUS: "Mirátus sum: quam pinguis es tu!"
LUPUS: "Cibum semper quaero, sed saepe non invénio."
WOLF: "I am always looking for food, but often I do not find it."
LUPUS: "Cibum semper quaero, sed saepe non invénio."
LUPUS: "Unde tantum cibum habes tu?"
WOLF: "Where do you get so much food?"
LUPUS: "Unde tantum cibum habes tu?"
CANIS: "Dóminus meus cibum mihi dat."
DOG: "My master gives me food."
CANIS: "Dóminus meus cibum mihi dat."
CANIS: "Cibum mihi dat de mensa sua!"
DOG: "He gives me food from his own table!"
CANIS: "Cibum mihi dat de mensa sua!"
LUPUS: "Sed vídeo in collo tuo cicatríces."
WOLF: "But I see scars on your neck."
LUPUS: "Sed vídeo in collo tuo cicatríces."
LUPUS: "Unde cicatríces in collo habes?"
WOLF: "Where do you get those scars on your neck?"
LUPUS: "Unde cicatríces in collo habes?"
CANIS: "Mi amíce, hoc nihil est."
DOG: "My friend, that's nothing."
CANIS: "Mi amíce, hoc nihil est."
CANIS: "Intérdum me álligant caténa."
DOG: "Sometimes they tie me up with a chain."
CANIS: "Intérdum me álligant caténa."
CANIS: "Caténa cicatríces mihi in collo facit."
DOG: "The chain makes scars on my neck."
CANIS: "Caténa cicatríces mihi in collo facit."
LUPUS: "Quam miser es tu, Canis!"
WOLF: "You are in trouble, dog!"
LUPUS: "Quam miser es tu, Canis!"
LUPUS: "Cibum habes."
WOLF: "You have food."
LUPUS: "Cibum habes."
LUPUS: "Sed cibus servitútis est."
WOLF: "But it is the food of slavery."
LUPUS: "Sed cibus servitútis est."
LUPUS: "Vale, mi amíce!"
WOLF: "Farewell, my friend!"
LUPUS: "Vale, mi amíce!"
LUPUS: "Volo vívere in libertáte, non in servitúte."
WOLF: "I want to live in freedom, not in slavery."
LUPUS: "Volo vívere in libertáte, non in servitúte."
Vocabula:
Aesopus.PBWorks.com/1

About the Mind
About the Mind
by J.A. Comenius
1657
The mind is always thinking about something.
The mind also dreams in a dream.
Where do dreams come from?
The understanding understands.
The reason reasons.
The memory remembers,
and if it has forgotten something...
it remembers it.
The will desires.
The will shuns evil.
However, the will is often tricked.
It rejoices.
It is sad.
Someone free from care, worries about nothing.
Someone who is secure, fears nothing.
An active person works.
A tired person rests.
Keeping watch is tiring.
Sleep refreshes.
When you've had seven hours of sleep...
and then you wake up.
Get up!
Wake up the others!

Mentis - Latin
Vestibulum Latinitatis:MENTIS:
J.A.Comenius.
Mens cogitat semper aliqvid ;
Mens etiam in somno somniat.
Unde sunt somnia?
Intellectus intelligit;
Ratio ratiocinatur.
Memoria meminit.
...et si qvid oblita...
...recordatur.
Voluntas cupit.
Voluntas declinat malum.
Sed saepe voluntas fallitur.
Gaudet
Tristatur.
Securus nihil curat.
Tutus nihil timet.
Vegetus laborat.
Fessus qviescit.
Vigilia fatigat.
Sopor recreat.
Cum septem horas dormivisti..
..et evigilas...
Surge!
Excita alios!
latinum.org.uk

Mentis - Latin & English
Vestibulum Latinitatis:MENTIS:
J.A.Comenius.
The Hallway to Latin. ABOUT THE MIND
Mens cogitat semper aliqvid ;
The mind is always thinking about something.
Mens etiam in somno somniat.
The mind also dreams in a dream.
Unde sunt somnia?
Where do dreams come from?
Intellectus intelligit;
The understanding understands.
Ratio ratiocinatur.
The reason reasons.
Memoria meminit.
The memory remembers ;
...et si qvid oblita...
and if it has forgotten something...
...recordatur.
...it remembers it.
Voluntas cupit.
The will desires.
Voluntas declinat malum.
The will shuns evil.
Sed saepe voluntas fallitur.
However, the will is often tricked.
Gaudet
It rejoices.
Tristatur.
It is sad.
Securus nihil curat.
Someone free from care, worries about nothing.
Tutus nihil timet.
Someone who is secure, fears nothing.
Vegetus laborat.
An active person works.
Fessus qviescit.
A tired person rests.
Vigilia fatigat.
Keeping watch is tiring.
Sopor recreat.
Sleep refreshes.
Cum septem horas dormivisti..
When you've had seven hours of sleep...
..et evigilas...
...and then you wake up..
Surge!
Get up!
Excita alios!
Wake up the others!
latinum.org.uk

Catullus 69
Noli admirari, quare tibi femina nulla,
Rufe, velit tenerum supposuisse femur,
non si illam rarae labefactes munere vestis
aut perluciduli deliciis lapidis.
laedit te quaedam mala fabula, qua tibi fertur
valle sub alarum trux habitare caper.
hunc metuunt omnes, neque mirum:
nam mala valde est bestia,
nec quicum bella puella cubet.
quare aut crudelem nasorum interfice pestem,
aut admirari desine cur fugiunt.

Catullus 60
Num te leaena montibus Libystinis
aut Scylla latrans infima inguinum parte
tam mente dura procreavit ac taetra,
ut supplicis vocem in novissimo casu contemptam haberes
a nimis fero corde?

Snakes
There is a snake on the floor.
There are a lot of snakes.
There is one snake.
There are two snakes.
There is a snake in the water.
There is a snake on the ground.
There are snakes on the floor.
There are two snakes on the ground.

My Spider Book
My Spider Book
This spider is looking at other spiders.
This spider is hungry.
This spider lives in the desert.
The big spider goes there.
This spider jumps.
This spider is wrapping a bug.
This spider web is pretty.
This spider goes in water.

Food Groups
We eat food from many food groups.
Fruits make up one food group.
Mmmm! This includes apples, oranges, grapefruit, pears, bananas and kiwi.
Strawberries are my favorite fruit!
Another group is the Vegetable Group.
Many people grow vegetables in the garden.
Vegetables are good for your health.
The Dairy Group includes milk. Milk comes from cows.
Milk is my favorite drink!
Yogurt is in the Dairy Group.
Cheese is made from milk. That is why it is in the Dairy Group.
Meats are in the Protein Group. Peanut butter is in this group, too.
Eggs have protein. They are in the same group as meat.
The Grain Group has bread and cereal in it.
Pasta is in the Grain Group.
Candy and cookies are sweets. These are tasty but not healthy choices.
We can eat treats, just not too many.
It is important to eat healthy every day!

Trains
I really like trains.
Trains go fast.
Trains stop.
Trains go 90 mph.
Trains go 50 mph.

All About Me
My name is Johnny.
I am in 4th grade at Toyon School Elementary.  We are the Toyon Tigers.
At recess, I like to play football.
My favorite subject in school is math.
My favorite color is red, black and gold.
My favorite restaurant is Sizzlers, and I like to eat a full rack of ribs.
I like going to the creek, and I love to catch fish.
My favorite movie is Madagascar.

All About Me
My name is Maya.
I am in 3rd grade at Toyon Elementary School.  We are the Toyon Tigers.
At recess, I like to play ball with all the 3rd graders.
My favorite subject is science.
My favorite colors are red and brown.
My favorite restaurant is 'Ed Bread.'
My favorite book is 'Seabird.'
My favorite T.V. show is 'Tom and Jerry.'

Baby Chickens
Baby chickens are a lot of fun!
Where do they come from?
Chickens come from eggs.
The eggs stay warm in an incubator.
After 21 days, it starts to hatch.
The chicken is almost out!
The chicken is out!
He looks tired!
Where are the rest?
The chicks stay warm under the light.

Signs
Signs
Don't walk
Walk
Stop
Exit
Do not enter
Open
Closed
Men
Women
Wet floor
I don't know?

Computers
I like computers.
I can use an MP3 player.
I can download songs from the Internet.
There are lots of websites.
You can protect copyright.
You can post songs on your homepage.

♡My Favorite Animals♡
My Favorite Animals
I like SQUIRRELS!
I like GIRAFFES!
I like CAMELS!
I like TIGERS!
I like HORSES!
I like LIONS!
I like BOBCATS!
I like ZEBRAS!
I like CHIMPANZEES!
I like DEER!
I like COUGARS!
I like HUMMINGBIRDS!
I like TABLAOS!
I like BEARS!
I like DUCKS!

Hobby
There are a lot of hobbies in the world.
Some people like jogging.
Other people like traveling.
Reading is one of the popular hobbies.
Some of my friends are interested in drawing.
One of my friends likes taking a picture. She has lots of expensive cameras.
Swimming is good for your health.
I like shopping. For shopping, I need enough money and time.

Fantastic Vacation Spots
What's your plan for this summer vacation? Do you want to go somewhere?
Then, let's go!
How about going to beaches. You can walk along the beach, gathering shellfish or starfish.
Enjoying a peaceful moment.
If you like an adventure, you can ride a boat.
If you like fairy tales, you may want to go to some castles.
What a beautiful palace! Pretend you are a princess waiting for your prince charming!
You may go to  Disneyland.
If you like to go to a historic site, Greece is recommended.
In addition, you can also go to an island like Santorini in Greece!
White and blue! What an amazing match.
Egypt is good, too.
You can see amazing pyramids there.
You never know how attractive the desert is unless you go there.
Stars will be falling from the sky.
Are you an animal lover?
Africa might be a good place to go.
Come on! But don't forget to get injections.
Are you a shopaholic?
Then there's a spot you shouldn't miss.
Hong Kong! It's the best place for the shopping spree, I think.
Now, did you make a decision?
Too many places to go?
And low budget?
Sorry, but I can't help you with a money problem.
But don't worry.
Wherever you go, you must realize...
the best place for you to go in the world is right next to your loving family.

About Humans
We do various things.
With the body and with the mind.
The head is filled with the brain.
It is covered with hair.
But not the face!
Every part does a job.
Because we see using our eyes.
Snot comes out of our nose.
The forehead has got wrinkles.
Ears hear.
The nostrils smell.
The tongue tells how things taste.
We chew with our teeth.
The stomach digests.
The intestines get rid of (excrete) solid waste.
The heart beats.
The lungs breathe.
The lips are around the mouth.
A beard decorates the chin.
Women are beardless.
We carry on the shoulders.
We hug with the arms.
We work with our hands.
The left hand holds, and the right hand does the job.
We massage with our palms.
We punch with a fist.
We hold in the palm of the hand.
We straighten things with the fingers.
With the nails, we scratch and scrape.
The belly is under the chest.
Under the armpits are the sides.
The back has shoulder blades at the top and the loins at the lower part.
We sit on the buttocks.
We walk with our feet.

Hominis - 'Latine'
Nos agimus varia.
Corpore et animo.
Caput repletur cerebro.
Tegitur capillis.
Excepto vultu.
Nullum membrum frustra datum est.
Nam oculis cernimus.
Per nasum excernimus.
Frons habet rugas.
Aures audiunt.
Nares olfaciunt.
Lingva gustat qvomodo res sapiat.
Dentibus mandimus.
Stomachus concoqvit.
Intestina egerunt.
Cor palpitat.
Pulmo respirat.
Labia sunt circa os.
Barba ornat mentum.
Feminae sunt imberbes.
Humeris bajulamus.
Brachiis amplectimur.
Manibus laboramus.
Sinistra tenet. dextra peragit palma.
Palma palpamus.
Pugno percutimus.
Vola prehendimus.
Digitis constringimus.
Unguibus, scabimus et scalpimus.
Sub pectore, venter est.
Infra axillas, latera.
Tergum habet superne scapulas, inferne,lumbas.
Natibus sedemus.
Pedibus ambulamus.
Januae Latinitatis Vestibulum. 'Hominis'.
J.A. Comenius scripsit. Anno 1657.
latinum.org.uk

Hominis - About Humans Latin & English
Nos agimus varia.
We do various things.
Corpore et animo.
With the body and with the mind.
Caput repletur cerebro.
The head is filled with the brain.
Tegitur capillis.
It is covered with hair.
Excepto vultu.
But not the face!
Nullum membrum frustra datum est.
Every part does a job.
Nam oculis cernimus.
Because we see using our eyes.
Per nasum excernimus.
Snot comes out of our noses.
Frons habet rugas.
The forehead has got wrinkles.
Aures audiunt.
Ears hear.
Nares olfaciunt.
The nostrils smell.
Lingva gustat qvomodo res sapiat.
The tongue tastes how things taste.
Dentibus mandimus.
We chew with our teeth.
Stomachus concoqvit.
The stomach digests.
Intestina egerunt.
The intestines get rid of (excrete) [solid waste].
Cor palpitat.
The heart beats.
Pulmo respirat.
The lungs breathe.
Labia sunt circa os.
The lips are around the mouth.
Barba ornat mentum.
A beard decorates the chin.
Feminae sunt imberbes.
Women are beardless.
Humeris bajulamus.
We carry on the shoulders.
Brachiis amplectimur.
We hug with the arms.
Manibus laboramus.
We work with our hands.
Sinistra tenet. dextra peragit palma.
The left hand holds, and the right hand does the job.
Palma palpamus.
We massage with our palms.
Pugno percutimus.
We punch with a fist.
Vola prehendimus.
We hold in the palm of the hand.
Digitis constringimus.
We straighten things with the fingers.
Unguibus, scabimus et scalpimus.
With the nails, we scratch and scrape.
Sub pectore, venter est.
The belly is under the chest.
Infra axillas, latera.
Under the armpits are the sides.
Tergum habet superne scapulas, inferne,lumbas.
The back has shoulderblades at the top, and the loins at the lower part.
Natibus sedemus.
We sit on the buttocks.
Pedibus ambulamus.
We walk with our feet.
Januae Latinitatis Vestibulum. 'Hominis'.
J.A. Comenius scripsit. Anno 1657.
latinum.org.uk

Cool Computers
Computers are pretty.
The ocean is colorful.
He is playing with his computer.
The  computer has many chips.
Some computers have music.
I like computers.

My Pool Shapes
Rack them up into a triangle.
Hit the sphere.
I play on the rectangular table.
The lights on the ceiling are circles.
Don't hit the 8 ball into the pocket!
Good Luck!

Predators
Predators by Brandon and John
Alligators are predators.
Alligators eat fish, birds and anything they can catch.
Sharks are predators.
Sharks eat fish, dolphins, whales and seals.
Lions are predators.
Lions eat antelope, gazelle, warthogs, water buffalo and zebras.
Rattlesnakes are predators.
Rattlesnakes eat mice, rats, small birds and other reptiles.
Spiders are predators.
Spiders eat birds, bugs, small mammals and other spiders.
Bears are predators.
Well...bears are omnivores.
That means they eat plants and animals. Bears eat fruit, nuts, grass, flowers, bugs and fish.

Frogs
Some frogs are  green.
Some frogs are red.
Some frogs play banjos.
Tadpoles are baby frogs.
A frog is sliding down a plant.

Skateboarding Adventure!
Skateboarding is awesome!
Skateboarding is cool!
Skateboarding lets brave people jump.
Skateboarding can be easy with practice.
Skateboarding is easy for people like me!
Skateboarding is sometimes hard.
Skateboarding is dangerous!
Skateboarding is cool!

Monster Trucks
Monster trucks are cool.
Monster trucks are unpredictable.
Monster trucks are sweet!
Monster trucks are  very  loud.
Monster trucks are cool. You  should  drive  a  monster  truck  if  you  can.

Adventures in Minnesota
An Adventure in Minnesota
4-wheeling in Minnesota is adventurous!
4-wheeling in Minnesota is cool because people can do wheelies.
4-wheeling in Minnesota is scary because you can fall off.
4-wheeling in Minnesota is unpredictable.
4-wheeling in Minnesota is fun because you can go over rocks.
4-wheeling in Minnesota is something that you won't forget!

In Memory of the Britannic
The Britannic is the sister of the Titanic ship.
The Britanic is a ship used as a hospital in World War I.
The Britannic sailed through a mine field and exploded.
The Britannic sank after only one hour.
The Britannic lost only 30 people. 1,095 people survived.
The Britannic is awesome.
The Britannic was a ship that helped a lot of people.
The Britannic will be remembered forever.

Math is Fun!
Math is Fun!
Math teaches us area and perimeter.
Math teaches us money.
Math teaches us numbers.
Math teaches us money.
Math teaches us place value.
I like math.

Horses...Cowgirls' Best Friend
Horses... Cowgirls' Best Friend
Horses are fun because you can ride them.
Horses are fun because you can brush them.
Horses are fun because I like them.
Horses are fun because they are good pets.
I would like to have a horse.

Hand Washing
First, look at the instructions.
Then, wash your hand because you have germs.
Then, get some soap and put it on your hands.
Rub your hands well.
Then, rinse them under water.
Then get under your nails.
You should rinse them.
You finally dry them.

Spring
Look at the flowers.
These flowers are beautiful!
Wow, look at the colors of these flowers.
Pink, pink, pink!
Spring in the mountains.
Can you find that ladybug?
A field of dreams.
Look at the pretty daisies.
This flower reminds me of spring sunshine.
I love spring!

Ossium Corporis Humani Descriptio
Ossium Corporis Humani Descriptio.
Ossa capitis
Caput
Pars corporis princeps
a qvo est regimen
totius animantis.
Cranion
sex ossibus constat ,
Galenus (medicus) cortices et sqvamas appellat.
Ecce: Sqvamas.
Dubitandum non est
osseam esse dentium substantiam.
In capite, duae maxillae sunt.
cum XXXIV (34) dentibus.
Spina dorsi constat ossa qvatuor et viginti (24)
Ea ossa, Latinis 'vertebrae' appellantur.
Media perforata est.
Spina dorsi columna corporis est.
PECTUS
Graeci 'thoracem', Latini 'pectus', appellant.
Ea enim ossa continent
spirituales partes
et spirituales partes circumsepiunt.
Hortulanus sepit hortum sepe.
Ecce os pectoris.
Ecce scapulae duae.
Ea vero, post thoracem sita.
Vero, scapulae sunt a tergo, a qvibus pendent humeri.
Incipit humerus clavibus.
Claviculae ossa sunt.
Reliqva pars brachii, qvae est ab humero ad carpum, duobus ossibus constat.
Majus os 'ulna' est. Minus os Latini 'radium' vocant.
Primam palmae partem, 'carpem' vocaverunt: Octo (8) ossibus constat.
Ossa manus sunt triginta qvattuor.
Absolvunt pedem: femur, tum tibia et fibula (genu intermedio)
***FINIS***
latinum.org.uk

Inside Money Lies the World
Inside Money Lies the World
Currency means much more than just money.
It shows the political features of the country.
It shows the social features of the country.
It shows the historical features of the country.
It shows the cultural features of the country.
For example, Americans consider great leadership an important feature.
So they have pictures of some famous presidents on their currency.
In South America, people consider art an important feature.
So they have pictures of famous artists on their currency.
In Africa, people consider wildlife and the tourism industry important features.
So they have pictures of some wild animals on their currency.
In Europe, some countries belonging to the EEMU created the Euro.
So they have pictures of bridges and gates on their currency to symbolize the connections between them.
In Southeast Asia, independence and education are an important features.
So they have pictures of great freedom fighters and students on their currency.
Finally, in Korea, people who made tremendous contributions to Korea's language and history are considered important.
So, pictures of great kings and scholars appear on their currency.

Oops, I Did it Again!
Ooops, I did it again!
I am full of mistakes.
I make mistakes every day and drive other people crazy.
And I am very sad.
I forget to do my homework.
I don't clean my room.
I buy the wrong grocery. (Ooops, it's not spinach!)
I bump into others by accident.
I talk about weird stuff.
I fail on my exams.
I make fun of my face, and make my baby brother cry.
I spill over stuff.
And I make everyone explode!!!
But I will keep trying not to make these mistakes.
I'll keep trying !!!
Till I make everyone happy.

Let's Play Baseball
Today is a sports day!! Don't you think it is interesting?
Wow!!! There are lots of spectators!!! This game is maybe the biggest game, I think.
The Boston Red Sox team is playing against the New York Yankees team. Hmm...it is so exciting!!
David, our batter, is looking at the pitcher.
He is waiting for the ball. He seems to be nervous now. Cheer up, David!!
Finally, David is hitting the ball!! Maybe it's a strike.
He's running, running, running!!!
Many people are cheering for David. Go, go, David!!
Wow, is it a homerun??
Oh, no! It's a foul ball.
Today's winner is the New York Yankees!! Congratulations!

My Favorite Pet
My Favorite Pet
I like my kissing gouramis.
I can sit and watch them.
But I can't take them for a walk.
I also like my new tarantula.
I can play with him at daytime.
But I can't go to bed with him at night.
I also like my parrot.
It can sing and speak, "Hello," and "Good-bye."
But it can't go jogging with me.
My favorite pet is my dog.
I can take him for a walk.
I can go jogging with him, too!
I can just sit and watch him.
I can play with him all day long.
I can go to bed with him at night.
That's why I love him so much!

Desserts Galore!
There are many kinds of desserts.
Desserts come in all sizes.
They can fit in your mouth in just one bite.
Or it can take many bites to finish.
Desserts can be cold.
Or they can be hot.
Desserts come in all different colors.
This cake has bright blue cherries!
These cupcakes have violet icing.
Have you tried orange jello?
Desserts are for all occasions. It can be for a wedding.
It can be for a birthday.
It can be for Christmas.
It can be for Halloween.
Or it can just cheer you up on a rainy day.
Desserts vary around the world. This is a Japanese dessert.
This is a Chinese dessert.
This is a Korean Dessert.
As you can see, there are no limits to desserts.
Whatever the dessert, it is a work of art!
So go and enjoy your favorite dessert!

Who's Out There?
Do you believe in aliens?
Do they really exist?
There was a famous incident in 1947.
The U.S. army said that they found a crashed flying disc in Roswell, New Mexico.
But later that day, they said it was just a weather balloon.
Some people believe an alien craft and alien bodies were recovered.
And the government was trying to cover up something.
Which side of the story would you rather believe?
It's really up to you.
But whichever you might believe, wouldn't it be a whole lot of waste if we're the only ones in this universe?

My Pet JO's Perfect Day
The weather is beautiful.
JO spends some time in her garden.
She has some pizza and orange sherbet.
She is full but still wants something.
She goes to a food market nearby.
She's so glad.
She eats the strawberry.
She gets a phone call from her friend.
JO meets her friend at her house.
They go to a stadium to have a race.
JO races against two other pets.
After racing, JO takes a bath.
At night, she spends some time on her patio.
She goes to bed feeling happy.

The Four Seasons
The summer months are December, January and February. It is hot in summer.
We go to the beach in summer. We swim in our pools and play in the water.
In summer we eat salads, ice cream and have barbeques.
The autumn months are March, April and May. It is cool in autumn.
We play soccer in autumn. We go driving and bush walking in autumn.
We wear long pants and jumpers.
The winter months are June, July and August. It is cold in winter. In some places, it snows.
We eat foods that make us warm like soup, porridge and hot milo.
We wear beanies, jackets, boots and scarves.
The spring months are September, October and November. It is warm in spring.
New baby animals are born in spring. We go on picnics in spring.

Going on a Picnic
It's the end of the year.
We will spend some time with good friends.
We'll pack a lunch.
Take a walk.
Jump on a bus.
Meet at the park.
What might we need to buy at the store to eat?
Fruit sounds good.
There's a lot of different kinds to choose from.
How about some vegetables and dip?
Sounds good!
We'll pack a basket full of goodies.
Want some cucumbers?
How about a couple of hot dogs?
Sounds good to us!
These are not hot dogs!
Maybe you want a burger.
And an ice cold pop!
Juicy watermelon, too.
We want ice cream!
Eat it fast before it melts.
Once you've eaten lunch, what can you do?
PLAY BALL!
Shoot a couple of hoops.
Stop and smell the flowers.
Don't forget sunscreen!
Will you need it if it rains?
Enjoy the day!

Colors
Colorful candy!
It is a white flower.
This is a blue door.
Here is a green car.
This is a pink sky.
It is an orange carrot.
I can see purple bubbles.
Here is a red car.
It is a white cat.
This is a brown cake.
Here is a pink door.
I can see a purple sky.
Here is a green door.
This is a red flower.
It is a black cat.
I can see a yellow fish.
This is a brown horse.
I can see blue water.
It is an orange flower.
It is a black bird.
Here is a yellow bus.
Colorful sprinkles on ice cream!

Sleeping
The boy is sleeping on the bed.
The girl is sleeping on the couch.
The rabbit is sleeping on the floor.
They are sleeping on the bus.
The girl is sleeping on the leaves.
The squirrel is sleeping on the fence.
The man is sleeping on the bench.
The boy is sleeping on the dirt.
The cat is sleeping on the blanket.
The woman is sleeping on the car.
The dog is sleeping on the bed.
The baby is sleeping on the floor.
They are sleeping on the rocks.
He is sleeping on the grass.
She is sleeping on the blanket.
The baby is sleeping on the bed.

The Nacho Man
Once upon a time, there was a bowl of nachos.
One nacho escapes from the bowl.
He became the super cool Nacho Man.
He flies up to the moon.
He sees a giant nacho chip and grabs it.
He climbs inside and takes the controls.
He takes a rock and goes back to Earth.
He goes back to space and duplicates.
The two Nacho Men feed the people of Earth.

Toyon Tiger
Toyon Tiger
Once upon a time, there was a tiger.
The principal of Toyon School saw the tiger and said, "It should be the school mascot."
So he became school mascot.
Whenever the school has a party, the mascot will come and dance to the music.
Today the Toyon Tiger is glad that he is the Toyon school mascot!

Catfish
This man is cute! He caught a big catfish.
This is a catfish on land. It is going to die!!
This is a catfish on a pole.
This catfish car is cool.
This is a catfish. Open wide!!!
This fish soup looks GROSS!!
This is a catfish. Look out if you do not want to be eaten!!!!
The snake is eating the catfish!!!!
This is a catfish with a lot of whiskers. Watch out!!!
Oh my gosh! This fish is dead!!! Wow, this snake must be hungry to eat the catfish!
The bird took a catfish in his mouth.
This catfish is so cool!!!
These are a lot of beautiful catfish.
This catfish looks like a snake!!!
This catfish is in black water.
This is a person looking for a catfish.
This is a picture of fried catfish.
To me, this is a huge catfish.
King Catfish Cafe is where you can eat food.
To me, this is a funny catfish.
This is the end of our catfish story.

Happy Things
She is smiling. This is nice.
She is looking at me.
He is playing.
He is yawning  at the camera.
I get in trouble when I am yawning.
A happy face will not get me in trouble.

Jet Li
Jet Li
Jet Li knows "Kung Fu."
Jet Li fights Jackie Chan.
Nobody can beat Jet Li.
Jet Li was in the "Mummy" movie.
Jet Li is a good guy.
Jet Li is the best.
Jet Li has a wife.
Jet Li never dies.

North Carolina
North Carolina has three main landforms: the mountains, plains, and the coast.
The Appalachian Mountains include the Great Smokey and Blue Ridge Mountains.
The mountains of North Carolina are home to many kinds of rocks, plants, and animals.
The Appalachian Mountains are great for hiking and sight seeing.
There are also many amazing waterfalls to see in our state.
The plains region is known for farming tobacco, cotton, and sweet potatoes.
The plains region is flat and grassy.
North Carolina is the largest producer of sweet potatoes in the nation.
There are several universities, large cities, and the largest research center in the U.S. in the Piedmont Region.
North Carolina's coast has many beautiful beaches.
The Cape Hatteras Lighthouse is famous along the North Carolina coast.
It is fun to collect seashells along the North Carolina coast.
The coast is a great place to fish, swim or go boating.
North Carolina has it all!

The Farm
Many people in North Carolina live on a farm.
Some farms are big and some are small.
Big barns house animals and store equipment.
Cats like to live and play in the barn.
Dogs do many important jobs on the farm.
Some farmers keep roosters..
and chickens.
The chickens lay eggs.
Most farmers keep a horse or two.
Some farmers raise sheep.
Some farmers raise pigs and piglets.
Some farms have cows.
Goats can produce milk.
Donkeys can work on the farm.
The farmers need to keep the fences in good repair to keep the animals safe.
All farmers need tractors.
They use tractors to plant seeds.
The seeds grow into hay to feed the animals.
The tractor pulls the machine that bales the hay.
The hale is baled and stored for the winter.
Farming is hard work, but many people love the life of a farmer.

Schedules
The most important thing is this: a schedule.
Decide now on a schedule.
I mean a real schedule.
You must stick to it.
Take the first step now and keep it up.
The longer you do it, the easier it will be.
You know what they say: Today is the first day of the rest of your life. Do it!

Birds
Birds
A robin has an orange belly.
A blue jay is blue.
A cardinal is a bright red bird.
A penguin is black and white. It lives where it is cold.
A peacock has many beautiful feathers.
A mallard has a green head.
A rooster has a red comb on its head.
A flamingo is pink and has long, skinny legs.

Dogs
Jon has a Chihuahua who barks at him.
Ben's dog was a Pit Bull.
Jon's dog likes to eat bones.
Ben's dog liked to play catch.
Jon's dog's name is Ramsey.
Ben's dog was named Boy.
Jon loves his dog.
Unfortunately, Ben's dog died.

I Love Drums!
Quick sticks!
Play all day.
Whoa!!!!!
Oh, it's a girl?
There's a lot of drums, big ones and little ones.
Play the rainbow!

Full Trampoline
I like trampolines!
I can do flips, too!
Crack the egg!
Don't forget to take your shoes off!
Hanging out with my sisters.
Don't forget to have fun!

Giraffes
Giraffes live in Africa.
They can weigh 2,000 pounds.
Giraffes can run 35mph.
Giraffes have brown spots.
Giraffes live in the savannas, grasslands,
and open woodlands.
Hyenas hunt giraffes.
Giraffes defend themselves by kicking.
A kick can hurt another animal.
The giraffe is the prey of the hyena.
A giraffe is not a predator.
They will drink large quantities of water.
The giraffe eats leaves.
A giraffe can eat 65 pounds...
of leaves and twigs daily.
My animal is a herbivore.

Butterflies
I like all kinds of butterflies.
Butterflies are fun to watch when they come out of their cocoon.
I like when butterflies land on your hand.
When they put their wings together, they can look like a leaf.
They like to land on branches, flowers, and grass.
They are fun to watch when they land on flowers.
Butterflies have different color wings.
All butterflies are beautiful!

ābēcēdārium
A a — ā — agricol·a –ae ♂
B b — bē — bell·um –ī Ø
C c — cē — can·is –is ♂♀
D d — dē — digit·us –ī ♂
E e — ē — epistul·a –ae ♀
F f — ef — famili·a —ae ♀
G g — gē — gen·ū –ūs Ø
H h — ha — hōrologi·um –ī Ø
I i — ī — iānu·a –ae ♀
K k — ka — Kentuki·a –ae ♀
L l — el — lingu·a –ae ♀
M m — em — man·us –ūs ♀
N n — en — numer·us –ī ♂
O o — ō — ocul·us —ī ♂
P p — pē — pēs pedis ♂
Q q — cū — quaesti·ō –ōnis ♀
R r — er — Rōm·a –ae ♀
S s — es — sen·ex –is ♂
T t — tē — tabul·a –ae ♀
V u — ū — vi·a –ae ♀
X x — ix — Xenoph·ōn –ontis ♂
Y y — ȳ — ȳpsil·on –ī Ø
Z z — (sonat dz) zēta — zōdiac·us –a –um

My Life
I was born in the happiness of my parents.
Unfortunately, my family was poor.
Even though I was poor, I studied hard.
When I was a child, my dream was to be a teacher.
Finally, I became a teacher.
Now I am satisfied with my life.
I'll travel foreign countries as long as my health condition permits for the rest of my life.
And I'll help other people.
Finally, I hope to die peacefully.

Greece
You can see the treasures of the world in Athens.
Athens is the capital of Greece.
Famous and great people, including Socrates, were born in Greece. He gave up his life for the truth.
The Greeks liked to write poems.
The Santorini Island has beautiful scenery.
Greece has clear, thick blue seas.
Holy abbeys were built on the top of the rocks in Meteora.
Paul sent letters to the people in Corinth because they worshiped the idols.

Trip to Paris
Before 50, I want to take a trip to Paris.
The first place that I want to visit in Paris is Orsei Museum because there are many masterpieces by Impressionists.
The museum used to be a train station. It opened as a museum in 1985.
The next place for me to go is Les Invalides, the Tomb of Napoleon.
The little man is in the red box.
St. Capelle Cathedral is the third place to go in my life.
The Cathedral is famous for its 1,100 stained glass windows.
The last one is Arc de Triomphe.
Many people say that the view from the Arc de Triomphe at night is really fantastic.
If I travel to Paris before 50, my dream will come true. Wait for me, Paris.

Life is...
A man and a woman fall in love.
They want to spend their time together in their own beautiful, cozy house.
A baby is a gift to them.
She always makes them happy.
As she grows up, she has her own feelings.
Sometimes she becomes mischievous. Sometimes she says, "No."
They are worried about her changes. They can't accept her refusal.
They want to laugh and talk with her.
Her parents realize one thing. Family is to understand each other with love.
They wait, wait, and wait...
With their patience and love, she grows up beautiful.
Some days, she will feel lonely.
And then... she will be  happy like her mother.
This is life...

Family is...
A man and a woman meet.
They have the same dream.
They want to enjoy their life and have a beautiful house.
A baby is a gift to them.
She makes them happy and comfortable.
She grows up and has her own feelings.
She begins to leave her parents.
They are worried whenever they see her.
They want to laugh and talk with her.
They are a family. They need love.
Family means to love each other.

Teenagers' Problems
Teenagers have many problems.
One of them is their grades.
Another problem is their appearance.
They feel happy with friends even though they have problems.
Teenagers are our future.

My Life...
My life has begun since I had a son...again.
When I had a son, I felt so happy, and I cried.
I thought my son was genius like most moms around the world.
Sometimes, I want to die when I am depressed...but I can't.
I think being alive is most valuable.
I always say to my son, "Be alive even though you are not healthy."
I always say to my son, "Be healthy even though you are not healthy."
I always say to my son, "Be happy even though you don't get all A's."
I have been in the hospital a few times...
When I call my son, he always says to me, "Mom, please be alive even though you are not healthy."

Scotland
Scotland is a country at the northern end of the British Isles. Its flag is a white cross on a blue background.
In Scotland, there are many castles.
Edinburgh is the capital city of Scotland.
In Scotland, traditional dress is the kilt.
In Scotland, a traditional food is hagis.
In Scotland, they make a drink called whiskey.
In Scotland, they have oil rigs in the sea.
In Scotland, the highland cows have long fur to keep them warm on cold winter nights.
In Scotland, there are many lakes. In Scotland, a lake is called a loch.
In one, Loch Ness, people say they have seen a monster!
Scotland is a very beautiful country.

Class2 Group3
I get so nervous that I can't breathe well.
I am perfect.
Be popular with people who like you.
I feel really stupid.
I don't know what to do.

Elephants
Elephants
Elephants are large animals.
They have a very thick skin,
long trunks,
and very small eyes!
Baby elephants like to stay close to their mother,
but when they are a bit older, they like to play in the water!
There are 2 sorts of elephants.
African elephants have very big ears and tusks.
Indian elephants have much smaller ears.
They use their trunk to pick leaves from the trees.
In Asia, people use elephants for work and transport.
Sometimes people decorate the elephants and ride them in processions.
Elephants are beautiful and clever animals.
They can be quite cheeky, too!!
The End

Libellus Circensis a Translation of A Trip to the Circus by Reed A. Booke
Magnum circense tabernaculum
Ardua rota
Delectabile saccharum suptilissimum
Nitidae vesicae
Delectabile ordeum
Magni elephanti
Glaciale socolateum cramum
Fortis funambulus
Deliciosus canis ordeosus
Leo fremebundus
Suavissimum saxum
Acrobates flexibilis
Aphronitrum immane
Periculosus aeruscator
“Cur consumpsi tam multum” facies
Finis circensis

Animalium
Salve!
Anas tetrinnit: Anglice sonat 'quack quack'
Agnus balat.
Anglice sonat 'bleats'.
Anser gannit.
Apis bombitat.
Anglice sonat 'buzz buzz buzz'
Aqvila clanget.
Anglice sonat 'screams'.
Asinus rudit. Anglice sonat 'hee haw'
Bos mugit.
Anglice sonat 'lows'
Auriga clamat.
Bubo cucubat.
Anglice sonat 'too whit too whoo'
Bubo ululat.
Anglice sonat 'hoo hoo'
Cicada fritinnit.
Ciconia gloctorat
Anglice sonat 'cluck cluck'
Cornix crocitat.
Angilce sonat 'caw caw caw'
Corvus crocit.
Anglice sonat 'caw caw caw'
Cuculus cuculat. "coo coo, coo coo"
Eqvus hinnit.
Anglice sonat 'neighs'
Cygnus drensat.
Anglice sonat 'cries'
Felis clamat. "miaoow"
Gallina glocit. Anglice sonat 'cluck cluck cluck'
Gallus cucurit.
Anglice sonat 'cock-a'doodle-do'
Graculus clamat.
Anglice sonat 'chatters'
Grus gruet.
Hirundo minurrit. Anglice sonat 'twitters'
Lepus vagit.
Anglice sonat 'eek eek eek'
Passer pipiat.
Anglice sonat 'chirp chirp'
Perdix cacabat.
Pullus pipit.
Anglice sonat 'cheep cheep cheep'
Rana coaxat.
Anglice sonat 'croak croak croak'
Serpens sibilat 'ssssss'
Strix fritinnit.
Anglice sonat 'screech'
Ulula ululat.
Anglice sonat 'hoot hoot'
Vultur pulpat.
Mus mintrit.
Anglice sonat 'eek eek eek'
Lupus ululat.
Anglice sonat 'howls'.
Ursus murmurat.
Anglice sonat 'Grrrr'
Canis ringitur.
Sus (Porcus) grunnit. Anglice sonat 'grunts'
Cicada stridet.
Anglice sonat 'sings'
Piscis natat.
Puer natat in aqva.
Avis volat
In aere volat avis.
Qvadrupes graditur. Anglice sonat 'walks'
Qvadrupes graditur.
Serpens serpit. Anglice sonat 'slithers'.
Vermis repit. Anglice sonat 'crawls'
Cervus currit.
Aries arietat. Anglice sonat 'butts'
Canis hicce dormit.
latinum.org.uk

African Hyena
A hyena is a very smart animal.
It weighs up to 20 pounds.
It has brown spots on its fur.
It runs up to 36 m.p.h.
Hyenas live in clans.
They are led by females.
They hunt wildebeest,
birds
and insects.
They are predators.

How to Make PB&J
4-10-09
Materials include a knife, peanut butter, plate, jelly and bread.
Step one: Get a plate.
Step two: Get 2 slices of bread.
Step three: Spread the peanut butter.
Step four: Spread the jelly.
Step five: Eat it!

African Black Golden Frog
The black golden frog is 1.25 inches.
It can be orange,
yellow,
or red.
It lives in Madagascar, Africa.
First, it is a tadpole.
Then it grows short legs.
Boy frogs are smaller...
than girl frogs.
It eats fruits and vegetables.
It is poisonous.
It is an amphibian.

How to Cartwheel
4-10-09
You don't need any materials.
Step one: Stand up straight.
Step two: Put both hands up.
Step Three: Put your left hand then right hand on the ground.
Step four: Put both feet over your head.
Step five: Put both feet on the ground.

How to Make a Snowman Cupcake
4-10-09
Materials include cupcakes, frosting, sugar, and sprinkles.
Step 1: Frost the cupcakes.
Step 2: Cut spice drops.
Step 3: Decorate a snowman.
Step 4: Place sprinkles around the snowman.
Step 5: Place the cupcake on the side of a graham cracker.

How to Make a Pinewood Derby
4-10-09
Materials include a box and paint.
Step 1: Get the Pinewood Derby box kit.
Step 2: Open it. Take everything out of the box.
Step 3: Sand the parts.
Step 4: Paint it.
Step 5: Put it together.

Cats are Cute
Cats are cute when they play in a paper bag.
Cats are cute when they look at you.
Cats are cute when they are tiny kittens.
Cats are cute when they play together.
Cats are cute when they look at themselves in the mirror.
Cats are cute when they relax on the couch.
Cats are cute when they wash each other with their tongues.
Cats are cute when they sit up.
Cats are cute when they dance.
Cats are cute when they sit on books.
Cats are cute when they look at you upside down.
Cats are cute when they peek over the counter.
Cats are cute when they stand up and box.
Cats are cute when they lie down and sleep with you.

Rainbow Lizard
A rainbow lizard is blue and red.
It is 20 feet long.
It lays eggs.
Males are a dull color.
Females are bright colored.
It eats plants.
It hunts for insects.
It is a reptile.

How to Make a PB&J
4-10-09
Materials include bread, jelly, peanut butter and a spoon.
Step one: Get 2 pieces of bread.
Step two: Spread peanut butter on one side of the bread.
Step three: Spread jelly on the other side of the bread.
Step four: Put the two pieces of bread together.
Step five: Eat and enjoy.

How to Catch a Leprechaun
4-10-09
Materials include a box, glue, markers and scissors.
Step one: Wait until the night before St. Patrick's Day.
Step two: Get all of the right supplies.
Step three: Start making a trap.
Step four: Put your trap on the floor and stay up all night.
Step five: In the morning, check the trap and see if you caught anything!

How to Ride a Horse
4-10-09
Materials include horses, saddles, reins and stirrups.
Step one: Put on the saddle.
Step two: Get on the horse.
Step three: Hold the reins.
Step four: Ride around the arena.
Step five: Get off the horse. Put everything away.

How to Make a Pie
4-10-09
Materials include crust and 3 eggs.
Step One: Mix and press into a pan.
Step Two: Make a topping.
Step Three: Add three cups of milk and 3 cups sugar.
Step Four: Put in 1/2 tbsp. corn starch and three egg whites.

How to Plant a Flower
4/10/09
Materials include flowers, seeds, a plant, a pot, and dirt.
Step One: Fill the pot halfway.
Step Two: Put the seeds in the pot.
Step Three: Fill the pot all the way.
Step Four: Water the plant.
Step Five: Wait until the flower blooms.

Make a Super Cian Burger
4-10-09
Materials include a hamburger bun, cheese, Romano cheese and ham.
Step one: Get a hamburger bun.
Step two: Put on ham and Romano cheese.
Step three: Add more cheese and Romano cheese.
Step four: Put on more cheese and Romano cheese.
Step five: Put it together.

How to do a Cartwheel
4-10-09
Materials inlude loose fitting clothes.
Step 1. Stand with feet together and arms up.
Step 2. Put your left foot forward.
Step 3. Put your hands down on the ground and lift your right foot forward.
Step 4. Push off your left foot and swing your right foot around.
Step 5. Land in a lunge with your right foot forward and left foot behind. Lift up your arms over your head.

How to Make Rice Krispies Bars
4-10-09
Materials include Rice Krispies, marshmellows, butter, an apron and measuring cup.
Step One. Melt 1/4 cup of butter in a pan on the stove.
Step Two. Melt one package of marshmellows.
Step Three. Add 8 1/2 cups of Rice Krispies.
Step Four. Mix it together.
Step Five. Put in a pan.

How to Make Coffee
4-10-09
Materials include a coffee pot, filter, coffee and water.
Step one. Put water in a pot.
Step two. Put a filter in.
Step three. Put the coffee in a filter.
Step four. Put a lid on the pot.
Step five. Plug the coffee pot in to perk.

How to Make a Custom Tech Deck
4-10-09
Materials are a tech deck, sandpaper, markers and a mini screwdriver.
Step one. Use a screwdriver to remove trucks.
Step two. Use sand paper to remove the design.
Step three. Use markers to make a custom design.
Step four. Put trucks back on.
Step five. Have fun.

How to go to Dinner
4/10/09
Materials are a car and money.
Step one. Leave from home and get in the car.
Step two. Order your food.
Step three. Look at the menu.
Step five. Eat our food and pay for it.

How to Play Wii
4-10-09
Materials are a remote, game and a player.
Step one. Plug it in.
Step two. Turn it on.
Step three. Put the disc in.
Step Four. Get the remote.
Step Five. Play the game.

How to Catch a Green Leprechaun
4-10-09
Materials you need are glass,fools gold, pots, and paper.
Step One. Make a glass cage.
Step Two. Make a paper rainbow.
Step Three. Put a black pot filled with the gold at the end of the rainbow.
Step four. Put a cage in a tree.
Step five. Drop the cage on a leprechaun.

How to Plant a Garden
Materials you need are a shovel, seeds, soil and a pot.
Step One. Put dirt in the pot.
Step Two. Dig a hole in the soil.
Step Three. Place seeds in the hole.
Step Four. Cover it with soil.
Step Five. Water the pot.

A Farm
Many people in our part of the country live on a farm.
Most farms have cats.
Some farms have cows.
Some farmers raise sheep.
Ducks sometimes visit farms looking for something to eat.
Dogs do many important jobs on the farm.
Some farmers keep roosters,
and chickens.
The chickens lay eggs.
Sometimes, the farmer lets the eggs hatch into chicks.
Most farmers keep a horse or two.
All farmers need tractors.

Look at the Cake
Look at the little cake.
Look at the hamburger cake.
Look at the wedding cake.
Look at the chocolate cake.
Look at the strawberry cake.
Look at the puppy cake.
Look at the flower cake.
Look at the Valentine's cake.
Look at the sheep cake.
Look at the panda cake.
Look at the birthday cake.

Ocean Animals
This is an Old Wife fish. It likes coral reefs and cold ocean waters.
Dolphins are not fish. They are mammals.
Sting Rays are related to sharks.
A hammerhead shark can look very scary.
King angel fish are very pretty and colorful.
The Lionfish has a poisonous spine so no fish want to get close.
People should never bother sharks. Sharks can be dangerous.
Marlins jump out of the water to avoid sharks.
A puffer fish puffs itself up to scare other fish away.
Eels are long and skinny. Some eels are blue.
This is a Tomato Clownfish just like Nemo.
A horse that lives in the sea? Yes, a seahorse.
An octopus has eight arms.
Fish swim in groups called schools.
The ocean is home to a wide variety of life.

Dogs
We have dogs. Lyndon has a mixed German Shepherd and a Husky named Stella.
Arianna has a Chihuahua named Princess and a Pomeranian named Susie.
Dogs play outside.
Dogs like to play fetch at the dog park.
Dogs shed their fur when the temperature is hot.
Dogs are good at playing with children.
Dogs sometimes bite when you take away something they want or when they are excited.
Dogs are cute because of their eyes, noses,and faces.

Our Trip to the Lake
We went to the lake.
The puppies were walking at the lake.
We walked until our feet hurt.
The teachers relaxed in rocking chairs.
We hung out with our friends.
The geese ate bread.
We rode in a paddle boat.
Nakesha had fun on the boat.
Mrs. Wagoner paddled hard.
Life jackets kept us safe.
Ms. Serviss cooked hot dogs for everyone.
Jack ate a yummy hot dog.
Derek and Brian looked into the water.
Mr. Adams helped Brian fish.
Anthony and Omar cast their fishing lines.
The fish liked to eat our worms.
We can't wait to go back to the lake.

Tinkerbell
Tinkerbell is sitting.
We should have one Tinkerbell, not three!
Tinkerbell is reading to the children.
Tinkerbell is standing in the mirror.
Tinkerbell is sitting in the parade.
Tinkerbell is waving at people in California.
Tinkerbell is standing in the storybook.
Tinkerbell sees flowers outside.
Tinkerbell is sitting on the treasure chest in a parade.
Tinkerbell is doing some poses.
Tinkerbell is next to Peter Pan, Wendy and John.
There are fireworks in the sky by Tinkerbell.
Tinkerbell is riding in the parade.
The dog is wearing a Tinkerbell costume. The real Tinkerbell will laugh.
Tinkerbell is a Christmas ornament.
What is Tinkerbell angry about?
This is Disneyland in Tokyo. Will the real Tinkerbell please stand up?
Look at Tinkerbell's beautiful wings.
Tinkerbell is at the top of Sleeping Beauty's Castle.

Money Doesn't Grow on Trees!
They say money doesn't grow on trees...
but imagine if it did!
You could find pennies...
on spruce trees!
You could find nickels...
on oak trees!
Apple trees would not grow apples...
instead, they would grow dimes!
And forests...
would have quarters as far as the eye could see!
Then, when fall came around...
you would have to rake money instead of leaves!
If money grew on trees...
we would probably have to buy things with leaves!

The Cat and Venus
The Cat and Venus
This is a cat.
This is a young man.
The young man loves the cat.
This is Venus, the goddess of love.
The man prays to Venus:
"O Goddess, change the cat into a woman!"
Venus agrees.
Venus changes the cat...
into a woman.
The cat has a woman's figure now.
She is beautiful.
The man is happy because he loves the woman.
The man takes the woman home.
Venus has her doubts and says:
"She definitely has a woman's figure."
"But does she have a woman's nature or  a cat's nature?"
"She definitely has a woman's face."
"But does she have a woman's mind or a cat's mind?"
Venus conducts an experiment.
Venus conducts an experiment using a mouse.
The woman sees the mouse.
The woman runs after the mouse.
The woman grabs the mouse.
Venus is angry and says:
"The woman's appearance deceived me!"
"She has a cat's nature, not a woman's nature."
So Venus changes the woman...
into a cat.
The cat eats the mouse.
The cat is happy because it is eating the mouse.
The man is sad because he is alone.
Venus is laughing because she is a harsh goddess.
The moral of the story is:
Look at the mind,
not at the face.
Appearances can be deceiving!
More information: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/3

Interesting Jobs
We interviewed the custodian at our school. He told us that he loves his job.
He cleans, takes the garbage out, works outside, fixes things, and opens up the building.
He learned his work by working with people and talking with them.
We went to a hotel and learned about housekeeping.
The person we talked to said that you do not need special training. You can learn on the job.
She said that she vacuums, stocks the towels, makes the beds, and cleans the bathrooms.
We went to the local workshop to see what they do.
We saw people working on different jobs.
We had a great time visiting the workshop and learning about the jobs.
We went to the local fire department.
The firefighters showed us the fire engines, their equipment, and where they sleep.
They told us about all of the training that they go through to become firefighters.
We enjoyed learning more about the jobs that we want.

Animals
I can see a cow.
I can see a horse.
I can see a sheep.
I can see a goat.
I can see a cat.
I can see a chicken.
I can see a duck.
I can see a magpie, but it is not Olive.

Human Emotions
This student is sleepy because he doesn't like math.
The girl is alone. Her boyfriend still hasn't showed up.
The girl is very curious.
They are desperate. They are addicted to drugs.
The girl is hopeful. She always smiles.
The girl is depressed because she lost an intimate friend.
The boy wants miracles. He wants to cry.
They are happy. They were born at the same time.
She is scared. Nobody can help her.
He is isolated. He lost the way to go home.
They are powerful.
They are happy. They are about to be married.
They are friendly. They are attending their friend's wedding.

Reaching for the Summit
Reaching for the Summit
Mishell and some of her classmates entered the contest held by their school.
They submitted their plan to the judges.
The plan was about climbing a glacier.
To their surprise,they won the contest.
It meant all the cost for their adventure was paid by the school.
They trained themselves to paddle.
They learned how to survive in the wilderness.
Now, it's time to start their adventure.
Crossing a creek in a kayak wasn't easy.
Walking through the dense bushes was very difficult.
They had cuts, blisters, stings and aching muscles.
A massive and glorious mountain stood in front of them.
Bad weather made them wait for a couple of days.
Climbing upwards along the ledges was very dangerous.
One slip could have meant death.
They got to the halfway point.
But they had to climb back down.
Because it was impossible to reach the summit and climb back before nightfall.
After the adventure, they became more confident.
They are more prepared to overcome obstacles in their lives.
The adventure gave them everlasting precious memories and lessons.

Our Favorite Food
My sons really like pizza.
My husband loves tofu.
My lovely daughter eats spaghetti well.
My favorite food is spaghetti.
And I like all kinds of noodles.
Salad is good for your health.
Dessert is my happiness.
But I have to give it up because of losing weight.

Dogs
Dogs are playful.
Dogs are cute!
Sometimes, dogs can fly.
Dogs like a ball.
Dogs like a basketball, too.
A dog is interested in tennis.
It's funny to scare people.
It's really happy to spend  free time.
Dogs sometimes worry about the world.
Dogs want people to stop the war.
Dogs really want the peace.
Peace like this.
Happy time with a kid.
Above all, dogs are happiest with the kids.

My Problem
One of my student has been in an intensive care room for 8 days.
He fell down on the floor in his science class.
He was taken to a hospital.
He's just sleeping.
His doctor said, "We have no choice. We can just wait!"
He suffered from a heartache when he was about two years old.
He can't stay well, and he has no friends.
I wish he would come back to school
and live happily ever after.

Hope
Everyone needs hope.
Everyone is looking for hope.
Sometimes, we are not sure hope is around us.
Sometimes, we are too depressed to believe in hope.
Children are born to believe in hope and they are growing with hope.
A new season is coming and nature is changing toward hope.
That's why we should believe in hope.

Teenagers' Worries
Teenagers' Worries
Teens worry about their style.
Teens worry about studying.
They worry about making friends.
They worry about love.
They worry about jobs, too.
They worry about marriage.
They worry about pregnancy.
They worry about their future.
They worry about their lives.

Feles in Puellam Mutata
Feles in Puéllam Mutata
Ecce Feles!
Ecce Puer!
Puer Felem amat.
Ecce Venus, amóris Dea.
Puer orat Vénerem:
"O Dea, muta Felem in Puéllam!"
Venus ádnuit.
Venus Felem mutat ...
... in Puéllam.
Feles nunc habet Puéllae formam.
Pulchra est!
Puer gaudet, quod Puéllam amat.
Puer Puéllam domum ducit.
Venus dúbia est, et dicit:
"Certe habet Puéllae formam."
"Sed Puéllae natúram habet, an Felis?"
"Certe habet Puéllae fáciem."
"Sed Puéllae mentem habet, an Felis?"
Venus experiméntum agit.
Venus experiméntum agit per Murem.
Puélla Murem spectat.
Puélla currit!
Puélla Murem captat.
Venus iráta est, et dicit:
"Puéllae spécies me decipit!"
"Habet Felis natúram, non Puéllae!"
Ergo Venus Puéllam mutat ...
... in Felem.
Feles Murem dévorat.
Feles gaudet, quod Murem dévorat.
Puer lácrimat, quod Puéllam non habet.
Venus ridet,  quod Dea dura est.
Fábula docet:
Mentem specta...
... non fáciem.
Spécies décipit!
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/3

What Am I?
What am I?
I eat wild pigs.
I eat monkeys.
I eat goats.
I eat dogs.
I eat alligators.
What am I?
I am a jaguar.

What Am I?
What am I?
I eat mice.
I have scales.
I slither.
I am long.
What am I?
I am a snake.

I Like Kittens
This kitten is sleeping.
Three kittens playing.
This kitten is on the computer.
This kitten is drinking a milkshake.
This kitten is jumping.
This kitten is looking at a squirrel.

What Am I?
What am I?
I eat snakes and monkeys.
I eat deer and goats.
I climb trees.
I have spots.
I have a long tail.
What am I?
I am a jaguar.

Motocross
I like motocross.
Motocross is my sport.
It is fun to riding motor bikes.
I like jumping off ramps.
I like doing tricks.
I like jumping sideways.
I like free style.
It can be a dangerous sport.
This is a front wheelie.
This is a handstand.
This is a free style back flip.
This is an upside down handstand.

What Am I?
What am I?
I have wings.
I live in the jungle.
I eat pollen.
I am colourful.
I transform.
What am I?
I am a butterfly.

What Am I?
What am I?
I live in warm places.
I hatch from eggs.
I have scales.
I wriggle.
I eat mice and birds.
What am I?
I am  a snake.

What Am I?
What am I?
I fly.
I sleep everywhere.
I have lots of colours.
I love flowers.
I have wings.
What am I?
I am a butterfly.

What Am I?
What am I?
I live in trees.
I have a tail.
I eat meat.
I am a very good hunter.
I have fur.
What am I?
I am a leopard.

What Am I?
What am I?
I have scales.
I live in the jungle.
I eat mice, rats and birds.
I hatch from eggs.
I slither.
What am I?
I am a snake.

Cats
I like cats.
Cats need food.
Cats like to play with mice.
I like to pet cats.
I can cuddle cats.
Cats like treats.
Don't scare the cat.
Meow, meow!

What Am I?
What Am I?
I like to eat animals.
I have yellow with black spots.
I live in South America.
I eat wild pigs.
A car is named after me.
I eat meat, too.
I live and  hunt alone.
I look like a leopard, but I am heavier.
What am I?
I am a jaguar.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I come in different colours.
I hear vibrations in the ground.
I have scales on my body.
I have a forked tongue.
What am I?
I am a snake.

What Am I?
What Am I?
My babies look like me.
I have a tail and two eyes.
I eat bananas.
What am I?
I am a monkey.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I eat bananas.
I live in the trees.
I have four legs.
I have a tail.
I can swing on the trees.
What am I?
I am a monkey.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I look like a baboon.
I can walk on the ground.
I can swing in the trees.
I live in a jungle.
I eat bananas.
I have a long tail.
What am I?
I am a monkey.

Majorum Londiniarum
Henricus de Corenhell et Ricardus filius Reynerii
Isti fuerunt primi vicecomites Londoniarum
facti ad festum Sancti Michaelis, anno gratie Millo centesimo LXXXVIII
anno primo regni Regis Ricardi;
et eodem anno destructi sunt Judaei per Angliam.
eodem anno factus est Henricus filius Eylwini
de Londene-stane
Major Londoniarum;
qvi fuit primus
Major
in Civitate
et duravit Major
usqve ad finem vitae suae,
scilicet fere per viginti qvinqve annos.
Et eodem anno idem Rex
et Philippus, Rex Francie
aggressi sunt
versus Jerosolimam
et innumerabilis populus
cruce signatorum
cum eis.
**Finis**
latinum.org.uk

Octopus
I like an octopus.
I like them because they have 8 arms.
This octopus is blue.
I like this octopus because he's cute.
These are so adorable.
I really like this octopus because it is pretty.
This octopus is playing.
This is a doll octopus.
I like him because he has 6 arms.
I like this octopus because he is in a flowerpot.
I like this octopus because it is sitting in a pool.
This octopus looks like Camelot.
This octopus is weird.

My name is Andrew!
"Gimme an A."
"Gimme an N."
"Gimme a D."
"Gimme an R."
"Gimme an E."
"Gimme a W."
What does that spell??
ANDREW!!

De accidentibus rerum.
Coelum est supremum.
Coelum habet ignem.
Ignis ardet.
Coelum habet stellas.
Nocte, spendet luna.
Nocte, micant et scintillant stellae.
Adamas micat.
Stella micat.
Coelum est supremum.
Aer est medius.
Terra est infima.
Ecce caput.
Caput est supra.
Ecce venter.
Venter est medius.
Infra sunt pedes.
Pes est infimus.
Terra est infima.
Ecce nubes
Nubes remota.
Ecce nebula.
Ecce nebula subtilis.
Ecce nebula densa.
Nebula propinqua est.
Nubes non propinqva, sed remota.
Hic locus magnus est.
Hic locus parvus est.
Hic locus magnus est.
Hic locus parvus est.
Tempus longum est.
Vero, longum est tempus.
Tempus breve est.
Breve est tempus.
Area lata est.
Area angusta est.
Area lata est.
Angusta est area.
Domus ampla est.
Domus arcta est.
Arcta est domus.
Ampla est domus.
Montes sunt alti.
Valles profundae sunt.
Colles elevati sunt.
Ecce casa.
Casa humilis est.
Ecce turris.
Turris excelsa est.
Vero, excelsa est turris.
Ecce abies.
Abies procera est.
Mulier major qvam pro humano habitu, procera est.
Fluvius est brevis.
Fluvius profundus est.
Ecce filum.
Filum tenue est.
Ecce funis.
Funis crassus est.
Tenue est filum.
Crassus funis est.
Ecce arundo.
Arundo est cava.
Haec arbor cava est.
Ecce lignum.
Lignum solidum est.
Ecce foramen.
Ecce foramen. 
Esurisne? Mmmmmm
Foramen vacuum est.
Linea est recta.
Recta est linea.
Linea curva est.
Curva est linea.
Superficies aspera est.
Aspera est superficies.
Laevis est superficies.
Superficies laevis est.
Superficies laevis non aspera est.
Pondus grave
Pondus leve
Pondus grave
Pondus leve
Numerus impar est.
Numerus par est.
Globus est rotundus.
Rotundus est globus.
Ecce columna.
Teres est columna.
Columna est teres.
Teres est.
Ecce mensa.
Mensa teres est.
Haec mensa non rotunda et teres, sed qvadrata est.
Mensa est qvadrata.
Ecce crux.
X habet formam crucis.
Evan Millner
auxiliatus ab Joanne Comenio
scripsit.

Washington DC
Cherry blossoms...
bloom in the spring.
The US Botanic Garden...
has many beautiful flowers.
The White House...
is where the President lives.
The US Capital building...
is where laws are made.
The Library of Congress...
look up a book or just look up.
The Jefferson Memorial.
The Washington Monument and the Reflecting Pool.
The Lincoln Memorial.
The Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial.
The World War II Memorial...
honors those who fought and died in World War II.
The Vietnam Memorial...
honors those who fought and died in the Vietnam conflict.
The Women's Vietnam Memorial...
honors the women of the Vietnam conflict.
If you're lucky, you could see President Obama...
and the First Family.
Washington DC...
what a great place to visit.

Big Chill Saves the Day
Big Chill was walking.
Big Chill would freeze anyone who stood in his way.
Suddenly, he crashed into a big, brown tree.
Big Chill saw a cute cat stuck up the tree.  So he jumped up and got the cat down.
On the way, he saw Mr Morton running around wearing a nice t-shirt.
A goat was chasing Mr Morton so Big Chill froze the goat.
Big Chill gave the rescued cat to Mr Morton.

Going to the Market
l like to go to Rusty's Market on the weekends.
Rusty's is a fresh food market.
I buy fruit and vegetables.
I go shopping with my mum and sister.
We drink hot chocolate.
We buy fresh bread .

What Am I?
What Am I?
I live alone.
I eat fish and deer.
I climb trees.
I have spots.
I hunt my prey.
What am I?
I am a jaguar.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I have a long body.
I have scaly skin.
My colour is brown.
I am scary.
What am I?
I am a snake.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I am long.
I slither up trees.
I hiss.
I live in the jungle.
I have scales.
What am I?
I am a snake.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I have big spots.
I am fast.
I have whiskers.
I eat snakes and monkeys.
I have a tail.
I live in Africa and Asia.
What am I?
I am a leopard.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I have a tail.
I eat alligators.
I climb trees.
I have ears.
I hunt and live alone.
What am I?
I am  jaguar.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I have wings.
I live in the jungle.
I have two antennae.
I am colourful.
I eat pollen.
What am I?
I am a butterfly.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I have strong legs.
I eat alligators.
I have excellent eyesight.
I live in America.
I have yellow fur and black spots.
What am I?
I am a jaguar.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I live in the jungle.
I slither.
I live in the trees.
I eat animals.
I have scales.
I hiss.
What am I?
I am a snake.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I have wings.
I have two legs.
I have ears.
I have a head.
I have two antennae.
What am I?
I am a butterfly.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I live in the trees.
My name starts with s.
I eat baby animals.
I lay eggs.
I can slither.
What am I?
I am a snake.

My Weekend at Respite
I went bowling on the weekend.
I got a couple of strikes and won the game. Hooray!
I helped cook the spaghetti. We sprinkled cheese all over the top.
In the evening,  I watched a DVD.
On Sunday evening, mum picked me up, and we drove home in the car after a lovely weekend with my friends.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I live in the jungle.
I eat worms.
I have wings.
I have beautiful colors on me.
What am I?
I am a butterfly.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I eat rats.
I am long and green.
I live in the bush.
What am I?
I am a snake.

I Like Robins
Some of the baby robins have hatched.
The babies are happy and singing.
This robin is fat, grown and ready to fly.
This big fat robin is taking a walk to find some food.

De Papilione
Ecce papilio.
In papilione est caput.
In papilione est thorax.
In papilione est abdomen.
In papilione sunt alae.
Alae sunt pulcherrimae visu.
Caput duas antennas habet.
Habet complicatam lingvam spiralem.
Caput duos habet oculos.
Ecce oculus.
Ad pectus  prominent qvatuor pedes.
Ad pectus prominent sex pedes.
Si digito tanguntur..
nil nisi pulverem splendentem
deprehendis oculis nudis
si autem microscopium applicas
alam vides
imbricatis sqvamis regulariter ornatum.

Venatione
Catus: "Mihi placet venatio."
Venator venatur feras.
Hic venator est  catus (felis).
Felis purgat domum a muribus.
Ecce muscipula.
Etiam muscipula purgat domum a muribus.
Ecce: Venator.
Ecce: Canis. Hic canis venator est.
Ubi sunt canes?
Ecce!
Canis sagax vestigat feram.
Canis sagax persequitur.
Ecce vertagus.
Vertagus persequitur.
Puer: Insidiabor gryllis!
Ecce, Gryllus!
Ecce rana.
Caerulea est rana.
Rana induta est pelle caerulea.
In propria pelle qviescit.
Tranqvilla est rana.
Puella: Ego ranas captabo!
Puella: "Papiliones captabo ego!"
Ecce Papilio.
Ecce eruca.
Papilio est insecta alata.
Papilio est alata eruca.
Eruca, larva est.
Larva papilionis pedes habet vel decem (10) vel qvattuordecim (14) vel sexdecim (16).
Larva mutatur in pupam.
Pupa (Chrysalis) est cava intus.
In pupa, nasciturus est papilio
ceu infans in cunis.
latinum.org.uk

colōrēs
col·or –ōris ♂:
sunt multī colōrēs hīc
rub·er –ra –rum:
est flōs ruber
virid·is –e:
est folium viride
caerule·us –a –um:
pāpiliō est caeruleus
flāv·us –a –um:
est piscis flāvus
auranti·us –a –um:
carōta est aurantia
fusc·us –a –um,
fulv·us –a –um:
folium est fulvum
nig·er –ra –rum:
fēlēs est nigra
rose·us –a –um:
sunt cordia rosea
purpure·us –a –um:
bēta est purpurea
alb·us –a –um:
albus est agnus

The Kid and the Wolf
The Kid and the Wolf
This is a mother goat!
This is a baby goat, a kid!
The kid is very small.
The goat is the mother, and the kid is her son.
This is a meadow!
The mother goat looks for food in the meadow.
She leaves her son at home alone.
The kid is very small and naive.
The mother goat warns her kid:
"Son, beware of the wolf!"
The mother gives her son an order:
"Do not open the door to the wolf!"
The mother goat goes away.
When the mother goes away, the wolf is hiding.
Now, the kid is at home alone.
The wolf knocks on the door.
The wolf fakes the mother's voice.
"Open the door, my son!"
"I am your mother."
The wolf is good at faking the mother's voice.
The kid hears his mother's voice, but he is careful.
The kid looks through a crack in the door.
The kid sees a wolf!
The kid obeys his mother's orders.
"I am not opening the door for you!"
The kid sees the truth:
"You are a wolf, not my mother."
The kid understands what the wolf wants:
"You want to eat me up!"
The kid knows what to do.
He shouts: "Get out of here now, wolf!"
The wolf is defeated and goes away.
The kid is safe!
The mother and her son are happy!
The fable teaches this lesson: Beware of the wolf!
You should do what your parents tell you.

dē bēstiīs variīs
quid est bēstia?
bēstia est animal.
multae bēstiae in terrā aut in aquā habitant.
leō est bēstia, quae in Āfricā habitat.
leō est bēstia fera!
aliae bēstiae leōnem timent . . .
. . . quia leō māgnus et ferus est.
leō est rēx bēstiārum.
(rēx est quī habet corōnam.)
equus quoque est bēstia.
estne equus bēstia fera?
minimē, equus nōn est bēstia fera.
(hic equus fortasse ferus est!)
asinus est bēstia similis equō.
asinus nōn est ferus.
sed lupus est bēstia fera!
ovis est bēstia, sed nōn bēstia fera.
alia bēstia est fēlēs.
estne fēlēs bēstia fera?
aliae fēlēs nōn sunt ferae . . .
. . . sed aliae fēlēs ferae sunt!
mūs fēlem timet . . .
. . . quia fēlēs mūrem dēvorat!
aquila quoque mūrēs dēvorat.
aquila est avis fera.
(avis est bēstia quae habet ālās . . .
. . . et pennās.)
būbō est alia avis fera . . .
. . . quae nocte volat.
columba est avis pulchra.
estne columba avis fera?
columba non est avis fera—
—immō est signum pācis!
aquila et būbō et columba et aliae avēs in āere volant.
sed nōn omnēs avēs volant!
volatne asinus?
minimē, asinus nōn volat!
ovisne volat?
haud!
ecce piscis.
volatne piscis?
piscēs nōn volant, sed natant.
sed hic piscis volat!
haec avis nōn sōlum volāre, sed etiam natāre potest.
super aquam etiam ambulāre potest!
hae avēs natant super aquam . . .
. . . nōn sub aquā ut piscēs.
avis enim sub aquā nōn spīrāre potest, sōlum in āere.
neque homō sub aquā spīrāre potest!
piscis autem in aquā spīrāre potest.
leōnēs . . .
. . . equī . . .
. . . asinī . . .
. . . lupī . . .
. . . ovēs . . .
. . . fēlēs . . .
. . . mūrēs . . .
. . . aquilae . . .
. . . būbōnēs . . .
. . . columbae . . .
. . . piscēs . . .
. . . hominēs . . .
. . . omnēs mīrābilēs sunt!

Canada is...
Canada is...
Canada is the C.N. Tower.
Canada is the Rocky Mountains.
Canada is the prairies.
Canada is Quebec City and the St. Lawrence River.
Canada is Anne of Green Gables.
Canada is fishing villages.
Canada is snow and snowmobiles.
Canada is maple syrup.
Yummy!
Canada is poutin!
Canada is Tim Horton's.
Canada is hockey.
He shoots, he scores!
Canada is the cute beaver.
Canada is the moose.
Canada is the polar bear,
and the Inuit people,
and the First Nations.
Canada is Niagara Falls.
Canada is big cities,
and quiet places.
Canada is rocks and lakes and trees.
Canada is a land of history,
but mostly a light for tomorrow.
Canada is my home and native land.

Math Time
Hello, my name is Lucy. My lesson at the moment is math.
I've just moved up to room two with my friend.
This is my math book.
My favourite lesson is computers. Computers is hard. But at the moment, it's maths time.
I am learning art. But at the moment, it's math time.
I'm really good at math.
It's home time now. Bye-bye!

Japan
Japan is a small country.  The flag is called the "Rising Sun." It has a red circle in the middle.
The capital city is called Tokyo.
There are 125 million people living in Japan. Many live in small apartments.
At home, most of the time is spent on the floor. No shoes are worn inside.
Japanese people use bicycles or cars to travel.
Some catch the "Shinkansen," or bullet trains.
A traditional dress is the kimono. It is only worn on special occasions.
The Japanese people eat a lot of sushi.
Japanese people love watching sports. Soccer is popular and so is sumo wrestling.
Japanese people make cars, computers and toys in factories.
Japan is made up of over 6,000 islands.
This is Mount Fuji. It is the tallest mountain in Japan and is a volcano.
Japan is very beautiful.

Haedus et Lupus
Haedus et Lupus
Ecce Capélla!
Ecce Haedus!
Haedus párvulus est.
Capélla est mater; Haedus est fílius.
Ecce pratum!
In prato Capélla cibum quaerit.
Capélla fílium domi relínquit solum.
Haedus párvulus est, et ignárus.
Capélla Haédulum monet:
"Haédule mi, cave Lupum!"
Mater fílio praecéptum dat:
"Noli aperíre portam Lupo!"
Mater abit.
Dum Mater abit, Lupus latet!
Nunc Haedus domi rémanet solus.
Lupus portam pulsat.
Lupus matris vocem símulat.
"Fili mi, portam áperi!"
"Ego sum mater tua."
Lupus bene símulat Capéllae vocem.
Haedus matris vocem audit, sed cautus est!
Haedus per rímulam spectat.
Haedus Lupum videt!
Haedus matris praecépto oboédit.
"Tibi portam non apério!"
Haedus dicit veritátem:
"Lupum vídeo, non matrem."
Haedus demónstrat sapiéntiam:
"Tu vis me devoráre!"
Veritáte et sapiéntia, Haedus Lupum repéllit.
"Abi nunc, Lupe!"
Lupus repúlsus abit!
Haedus salvus est.
Mater et fílius felíces sunt!
Fábula docet: Cave Lupum!
Bonum est oboedíre paréntum praecéptis.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/2

Doctor
This girl is having her chest checked by the doctor.
This person is having an operation. The surgeons are helping her.
This baby is getting his head measured.
This man is wearing a mask because he is sick.

I Like Alligators
I like alligators.
This alligator is wearing cool sunglasses.
This alligator looks very sneaky.
He is waiting for food.
This alligator is wearing pink lipstick.
Never feed an alligator.
This alligator is being lazy.
He is getting ready to fight.
Better watch out. He has his eye on you.

Dum Itur Cubitum
Felix: Qvota est hora?
Caspar: Sonuit nonam!
Felix: Eundum est cubitum!
Caspar: Nondum dormiturio.
Felix: At ego oppido!
Caspar: Tu eas cubitum.
Felix: Qvid tu autem ages?
Caspar: Legam ulterius.
Felix: Malo qviescere...
Caspar: Facesse hinc: Endymion.
Felix: Haud te impedivero!
latinum.org.uk

Salutatio Matutina
Marcus: Bonus dies!
Fredericus: Opto tibi bonum diem
Petrus: Bene sit tibi hoc die
Antonius: Nec tibi male sit.
Felix: Salve, Candide!
Candidus: Salve et tu!
Felix: Salve plurimum
Candidus: Et tu tantundem salve!
Felix: Salvus sis tu!
Candidus: Tu qvoqve salve!
Felix: Salutem tibi precor!
Candidus: Eandem et tibi opto!
Felix: Salute te impertior!
Candidus: Et ego qvoqve te!
Felix: Jubeo te salvere!
Candidus: Te qvoqve ego!
latinum.org.uk

quam ūtile sit corpus hūmānum
meīs manibus
pāpiliōnem tangō.
meīs auribus
rūmōrem trāminis audiō.
meā linguā
glaciem edībilem gustō.
meīs oculīs
scurram videō.
meō nāsō
flōrem olfaciō.
corpus meum est valdē ūtile!

A Colourful World
Hats of many colours.
Life on the outside.
What is his secret?
Glorious colours.
Eating together.
Laugh.
Standing out.
Love the music.
In rhythm.
Swing and swirl.
Dance.
Dance, dance, dance!
Drum along.
Feel the beat.

Summer Days
The sunflowers follow the sun across the sky.
Sunset comes so late in the day. It gives me more time to play.
Eating hot dogs and Slurpees outside.
We have a good time at the beach playing in the sand.
Jumping in the water is fun, too.

Swimming
I like swimming.
My friends swim.
We swim.
Dogs swim.

The Fall
The Fall
Leaves are pretty in the fall.
Apples are picked in the fall.
Turkeys run in the fall.
Pumpkins are big in the fall.
Birds fly away in the fall.

The African Cheetah
The cheetah is 3 feet at the shoulder.
It is the fastest animal in Africa.
It can run up to 70 miles per hour.
Its color is tan with black spots.
It relies on camouflage.
Its predator won't be able to see it,
in the grass.
It is their way of hunting their prey.
The cheetah eats lions,
leopards,
and antelopes.
Larger animals can kill the cheetah.
It gets away from its predators by running.
It is the queen cat.

The Dog and the Wolf
The Dog and the Wolf
This is a wolf.
This is a forest.
The wolf has his home in the forest.
The wolf looks for food in the forest.
He does not find a lot of food.
The wolf is thin.
The wolf is so thin!
This is a dog.
The dog has his home in the city.
The dog obeys his master.
The dog's master gives him food.
The dog's master gives him a lot of food.
The dog is fat.
The dog is so fat!
The dog runs into the wolf.
DOG: "Hello, friend!"
WOLF: "Hello, friend!"
WOLF: "Wow - you are so fat!"
WOLF: "I am always looking for food, but often I do not find it."
WOLF: "Where do you get so much food?"
DOG: "My master gives me food."
DOG: "He gives me food from his own table!"
WOLF: "But I see scars on your neck."
WOLF: "Where do you get those scars on your neck?"
DOG: "My friend, that's nothing."
DOG: "Sometimes they tie me  up with a chain."
DOG: "The chain makes scars on my neck."
WOLF: "You are in trouble, dog!"
WOLF: "You have food."
WOLF: "But it is the food of slavery."
WOLF: "Farewell, my friend!"
WOLF: "I want to live in freedom, not in slavery."
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/1

Night
Night
The sky is dark at night.
We see the moon in the sky at night.
We see stars in the sky at night.
Some animals are awake at night.
I like to sleep at night.
The End!

Roman Gods and Goddesses
Mount Olympus
Jupiter
Juno
Neptune
Pluto
Ceres
Vesta
Minerva
Apollo
Diana
Vulcan
Venus
Mars
Mercury
Bacchus
Proserpina
Cupid

Fast Food
Fast Food
I like McDonald's.
I like Subway.
I like Burger King.
I like Taco Bell.
I like KFC.
I like Leeann Chin.
I like Pizza Hut.

Marly's Adventures
Once there was a dog named Marly.
Marly liked to run, so she went up a hill.
She saw a rabbit. She said, "Hi!"
Marly said, "I need help down."
So, the rabbit helped her.
Then she saw her house. She said, "There it is."
They went to Marly's house.
The rabbit wanted
to stay. Marly said, "She can stay." Marly and the rabbit became best friends.

A Pond Story
This is a pond.
Ducks live in ponds.
Turtles live in ponds.
Tadpoles live in ponds.
Frogs live in ponds.
Snakes live by ponds.
Fish live in ponds.
Diving beetles live in ponds.
Butterflies live by ponds.
Minnows live in ponds.
Cicada bugs live in trees near ponds.

Beautiful
Colorful butterfly.
Blue butterfly.
Green chrysalis.
Orange frog.
Blue frog.
Little tadpole.
Big frog.
Tall plant.
Short plant.
Beautiful butterfly.
Wet frog.
Dry frog.

Zoo Stars
Let's visit the zoo.
Does he look happy to see us?
Zebras are fast runners.
It is a good thing to keep the lions in the cage. They have sharp teeth!
Maybe the wolf is hungry.
You might see a bobcat at the zoo.
The tiger might like to go for a swim.
Do you think the ostrich wants to tell you something?
This blue frog looks cool!
The flamingos stand all day long!
The polar bear needs to make a phone call. I wonder who he is going to talk to?
The gorilla must be thinking!
This panda needs a nap.
Giraffes are Miss R's favorite animal.
The zoo is fun!

Canis Meus, Furcifer
Hic canis meus est. Nomen ei est "Furcifer".
Furcifer est canis amicissimus, et Furciferum valde amo.
Furcifero valde placet dormire.
Ubi canis iuvenis erat, saepe Furcifero placebat ex villa fugere.
Furciferum paenitet semper in villa manere.
Sed, Furcifero placet dormire.
Furcifer canis callidissimus est. Furcifero placet nuntios per interrete legere.
Quam pulcherrima facies est!
Furcifero saepe placet brevi somno uti.
Aliquando,Furcifero placet mihi obrepere!
Furcifero placet vicinos circumambulantes spectare.
Et, semper, Furcifero placet quiescere.
Post somnium, Furcifero placet cum amicis ludere.
Et Furcifero placet meum filium complecti.
Ut semper, Furcifero placet recubare!
Furcifero non placet frigere.
Sed, Furcifero semper placet cibus!
Deinde, Furcifero necesse est brevi somnio uti.
Furcifer est custos optimus! Valde placet infantes custodire.
Et, infantibus placet Furciferum custodire.
Furcifero facile fatigato, necesse ei est dormire.
Frequenter, Furcifero placet latere.
Sed, semper, Furcifero placet festos celebrare!
Postea, autem necesse Furcifero est quiescere.
Miser Furcifer! Ei non placet tempestatem turbidam audire.
Furcifero valde placet sub mensa cibum expectare.
Maxime Furcifero placet in lecto commodo meo dormire!
Furcifero placet per viam iter facere.
Et per flores Furcifero placet currere.
Sed, postea necesse Fucifero brevi somno uti.
Deinde, Furcifero placet amicos petere.
Euge! Furcifero valde placet secreta ex amicis audire.
Furcifero saepe necesse est aquam bibere.
Et, ut semper,fine diei, Furcifero, amico custodiente, placet dormire.

When Lucy Goes to Kindy
When Lucy goes to Kindy, she goes for a walk.
There's another little girl sitting down with her friend, Madeline.
Her friend Erica went on the bus.
Lucy and her friends, Madeline and Erica, play with clay together.
Lucy plays on the playground every day.

Late For School
Rebecca was once late for school because her school bus came late.
Grace said, "Don't worry, we're not that late."
They all said, "One of us will sit next to you to talk about being late."
"I always sit in the seat that you ballet dancers are sitting in."
But they didn't know that one of the other girls was going to respite. She cries when she doesn't get her favourite seat.
"Sorry I was late," Rebecca said.

Canis et Lupus
Canis et Lupus
Ecce Lupus!
Ecce silva!
Lupus domum habet in silva.
Lupus in silva cibum quaerit.
Non multum cibum ínvenit.
Lupus macer est.
Quam macer Lupus est!
Ecce Canis!
Canis domum habet in urbe.
Canis Dómino servit.
Dóminus cibum Cani dat.
Dóminus multum cibum Cani dat.
Canis pinguis est.
Quam pinguis Canis est!
Canis Lupo occúrrit.
CANIS: "Salve, amíce!"
LUPUS: "Salve, amíce!"
LUPUS: "Mirátus sum: quam pinguis es tu!"
LUPUS: "Cibum semper quaero, sed saepe non invénio."
LUPUS: "Unde tantum cibum habes tu?"
CANIS: "Dóminus meus cibum mihi dat."
CANIS: "Cibum mihi dat de mensa sua!"
LUPUS: "Sed vídeo in collo tuo cicatríces."
LUPUS: "Unde cicatríces in collo habes?"
CANIS: "Mi amíce, hoc nihil est."
CANIS: "Intérdum me álligant caténa."
CANIS: "Caténa cicatríces mihi in collo facit."
LUPUS: "Quam miser es tu, Canis!"
LUPUS: "Cibum habes."
LUPUS: "Sed cibus servitútis est."
LUPUS: "Vale, mi amíce!"
LUPUS: "Volo vívere in libertáte, non in servitúte."
Vocabula:
Aesopus.PBWorks.com/1

CAIRNS SHOW
I like ferris wheels.
The ferris wheel goes around.
I like eating chocolate hearts at the show.
I like the show bag and the hats.
I like to drink Pepsi at the show.
I like balloons.
I like looking at the rides.

The Three Best Friends
Come and look. Let's take a great adventure!
I'm coming down...
I'll be there in a second.
I'll be right there.
Hey, Panda, can I come too?
Maybe it will just take me a couple minutes to get to you!
I'm going to look both ways.
Panda, Deer, can I come, too?
I'll be down in a second.
I'm down the tree. I'm running to you.
Here comes the forest. Oh, it's a bamboo forest. "Yum!" says Panda.
Mask, the raccoon, says, "Here comes a shady forest. Let's take a nap!"
"Ooh, ooh, ooh, a nice field to run around in," says the deer. So the deer hits the field.
Aah, a nice cool and refreshing drink!
And even their friend, Cat, came to get a drink!

Ranae ... translation of Frogs by Mr. H.
Hic est Thomas rana.
Thomas habet ranas amicas.
Thomas est in flore.
In ranis, sunt multi colores.
Hic est rana rubra.
Ranae saliunt in crininis foliis.
Magnus saltus!
Mater et ranunculus.
Amamus ranas.

Michael's School Says
Today is Friday. It is pouring with rain.
On the weekend, I hope to go for a train ride to Cicular Quay with my friend, George.
We will go for a lovely, long walk.
For lunch, we will visit a cafe.
After lunch, we will be going on a ferry ride to Manly.
Later in the afternoon, we will return home tired and happy.

The Turtle That Got Lost
The Turtle That Got Lost
There was once a turtle named Spike.
One day, he went exploring. Half way, he got lost.
He met friends when he got lost. His friends were an octopus named Sam and a fish named Fred.
They all helped him find items like diamonds.
During that time, he found his home.
Spike said good-bye to his friends.
He went home and told his mom everything about his adventure.

Bob's Day
This is Bob.
He likes to run around.
Then he eats.
Then he falls asleep.

Crossing the Street
I want to cross the street.
I'm looking for a safe place to cross.
I find a cross walk.
I look both ways 1, 2, 3 times.
UH OH! Don't walk yet. A car is coming!
Now the cars are stopped. Now I can cross.
I walk across.
I look as I cross. No cars coming. It is still safe!
I did it!

Gerunds and Gerundives
vidēre est crēdere.
ad scrībendum
modus operandī
modus vīvendī
vīvendī causā
docendō discimus.
crēscit eundō.
nunc est bibendum.
corrigendum
memorandum
dēlenda est Carthāgō.
dē gustibus nōn disputandum est.
verba nōtanda!

A Pond Story
A Pond Story
Ducks live in ponds.
Turtles live in ponds.
Frogs live in ponds.
Fish live in ponds.
Butterflies live by ponds.
Snakes live by ponds.

Super Ninja Koosh Ball Boy
This is Super Ninja Koosh Ball Boy.
He has a castle made of millions of Koosh Balls.
He is awesome with the Koosh Ball game.
He is like a ninja when he plays it.
One day, he built a secret weapon.
He is going to launch a Koosh with a catapult and see how far it goes.
It went about five states wide and it landed in Canada!
Super,
Ninja,
Koosh,
Ball,
Boy!!!

Cities
Most of the population growth takes place in cities.
Most of the population density is in cities.
Cities hold most of the ethnic diversity.
Most retail takes place in cities.
Large cities are typically located in the coastal areas in the United States.
The capital city of the United States is Washington, D.C.
The oldest city in Ohio is Marietta.
Cleveland is a large industrial city located on Lake Erie.
Columbus is the capital city of Ohio.
Cincinnati is the number one river port in Ohio.
Akron is the rubber capital of Ohio.

I Like to Play Instruments
I like to play the guitar.
I like to play the maracas.
I like to play the drum.
I like to play the bells.
I like to play the tambourine.

I Like to Play Instruments
I like to play the guitar.
I like to play the maracas.
I like to play the drum.
I like to play the bells.
I like to play the tambourine.
I like to play the piano.
I like to play the trumpet.
I like to play the harp.
I like to play the violin.
I like to play the accordion.
I like to play the tuba on my head.

A Trip to the Zoo
We went to the zoo.
We fed the geese.
We saw the sea lion swim.
The puffin liked to swim, too.
The polar bear was chillin'.
The black bear walked back and forth.
The elk liked to eat grass.
The birds drink water.
The ocelot was tired.
The turtles relaxed on their backs.
Rattle snakes are very dangerous.
The flamingos are pretty in pink.
The parrot was shaking its head.
The zebras eat by the rocks.
The warthog is ugly.
The ostrich had a long neck.
The lion looked at us.
The gorilla played with a toy.
The chimp sat in a tree.
We loved going to the zoo.

Car Repair
This car is at the repair shop.
These cars are at the repair shop, too.
This car has a broken mirror.
This car has a broken engine.
Call for a tow.
These cars are all broken. They couldn't be repaired.
Uh oh! These cars are at the junkyard.
Uh oh! These cars are smashed together.
Uh oh! This truck has a flat tire.
This car has two flat tires!
This car has two flat tires.
This engine is broken!
He needs an oil change.
He needs a filter change.
This police car is getting towed to the repair shop.

The Flower Garden
Here is a house.
Here is the flower garden.
The grass is green.
This flower is orange.
This flower is yellow.
This flower is purple.
This flower is red.
These flowers are pink.
These flowers are blue.
These flowers are white.
This flower garden is full of colors.

Dog
This is a dog.
This dog is resting.
This dog is chewing.
This dog is playing with a ball.
This dog is black.
This dog is funny.

Dino Book
Tyrannosaurus Rex is a tyrant lizard.
The king of all dinosaurs.
Its natural enemy is the Triceratops.
Hiding for its prey.
His head is as hard as a rock.
The T-Rex is a runner, not a climber.
Carnotaurus has short arms.
They are also called bull horns.
They lived 82 to 67 million years ago.
They lived in Argentina.
They were also called meat eating bulls.
Styracosaurus are called massive horned frill.
They lived over 75 million years ago.
They lived in North America.

My Football Book
A bunch of football players on the field.
This is a high school football field.
Go Buckeyes!
Rutgers players.
They're playing football.
A field.
An Alabama cheerleader.
The LSU field.
The OSU field.
This kid's playing football.
This is a football stadium.
Football is a sport.

Run Track
She is a runner.
This is a track.
Line up here.
Lane seven.
This is a track.
He is running.
He runs fast.
She is ready to run.
She is running track.

Dogs
I see a dog.
Dogs are in the grass.
I like dogs.
Dogs run.
Dogs play in the snow.
Dogs walk.
Dalmatians have spots.
The dog has a red ball.
Dogs sleep.
Get up.
I see a shepherd dog.
Dogs fight.
Dogs like flowers.
Dogs like frogs.
Wolf dogs fight.

Antonius et Cleopatra
Cleopatra est mulier pulchra.
Antonius fortis miles est.
Antonius amavit Cleopatram et Cleopatra Antonium amavit.
Antonius se gladio occidit.
Cleopatra tristis est.
Cleopatra ficos recipit.
In ficis duo serpentes se celaverunt.
Mortua est.

Hand Washing
In order to wash your hands, you must follow these steps.
First, you put water on your hands.
Then, you get soap.
After that, you get soap and put it all around your hands.
Then you wash your hands with soap and water.
Then you dry your hands with a towel.
You wash your hands because it keeps your hands healthy.
Hand washing keeps your body healthy.
Those are the steps for hand washing.

Gabriel and Gabriel
This is a story called Gabriel and Gabriel.
We both go to the same school but are in different classes.
We both like to play football.
We both go to each others' houses to play video games.
We both like football. One of the teams we both like is the 49ers. We  both like Frank Gore.
We both like to watch UFC, and our favorite fighter is Nick Diaz.
We have been friends since Kindergarten.
Our dads went to school with each other.

All About Us
All About Yesenia and Jaelynn
Yesenia is in 5th grade, and Jaelynn is in 3rd grade.
They both like to play on the swings and play tag.
They both like to read books.
They are both in the same ELD classroom.
They both like video games.
They both like to draw.
They both like to go on the computer.
They both like baseball.
They both like dogs.
They like going to Great America.
They like to  watch Family Guy.
They like to watch 'Marley and Me.'
When they grow up, they want to be a doctor.
They both like the San Jose Sharks.
They like to go to Los Angeles.
They like to do math.
They both like Chinese Food.
They both like to drink water most of the time.
They both play the violin.
They both like to watch the History Channel.
They both like the sun.
They both want to help the economy.
They both like to do science fair projects.
They both like Red Wood trees.
Their favorite cereal is Fruit Loops.

Washing Hands
We are going to help you wash your hands.
Before you sneeze, put your hand over your elbow.
After you sneeze, wash your hands.
Before you eat or do anything, wash your hands.
Before you touch a baby, wash your hands.
After you see someone in the hospital, wash your hands.
After you touch your  doggie, wash your hands.
Before you cook, wash your hands.
These are many ways we wash our hands.

Whispers
Once there was a mom and baby elephant.
They walked  to the herd.
Then hunters were hunting a trophy  bull elephant.
The hunters shot a cow. The hunters had bad aim.
The calf was still here, but he was alone.

Daniel Dugong
One day, a family of Dugongs was found in the coastal waters of East Africa.
They had other family members who were spread out all the way from there to  Australia.
None were as friendly as Daniel.
Daniel, the dugong, loved grazing on underwater grasses all day and night.
Daniel and his family members are herbivores.  They eat only plants.
Daniel is small at 8 feet and 530 pounds.  He is still very young.
Uncle Dennis is at the top of the dugong size, weighing in at 1100 pounds.
Uncle Dennis is 10 feet long!
Daniel's mother was pregnant for a whole year with him!
Because babies stay with their mothers for about 18 months, Daniel is still with his mom.
The family has to be careful because dugongs are a threatened mammal.
Hunting, injuries from fishing and boats, and destruction of habitat are all causes of the threat to Daniel and his family.
If Daniel is careful, and a bit lucky, he might live to be 70 years old!
Some of Daniel's relatives can do interesting things.
Grandma Millie can stay under water for up to six minutes!
Daniel will need to practice before he can go that long.
Unlike his cousin Martha Manatee, Daniel will never venture into fresh water.
Daniel will have to get all of his nutrition and companionship in the sea.
And he thinks that's just great!

Memorial Day
In America, we celebrate many holidays.
In May, we have Memorial Day.
We eat hot dogs on Memorial day.
We grill out and eat hamburgers on Memorial Day.
Some people have parties on Memorial Day.
People fly the flag on Memorial Day.
But Memorial Day means much more than parties and food.
Many women and men have fought in wars to defend our country.
Over 100 years ago, men fought in the Civil War.
Many men died in that war.
People decided to set aside a special say to honor those who died.
Many more wars have been fought since then.
Soldiers have fought in cities.
Soldiers have fought in the air.
Soldiers have fought in the jungle.
And many more men and women have died.
They gave their lives to protect us.
On Memorial Day, Harley riders go to Washington, DC.
They ride to honor the memory of the war dead.
The riders bring American flags.
They take them to the National Cemetery.
We can take flags or flowers to the graves of our fallen heroes.
We can attend memorial ceremonies.
On Memorial Day, we should honor those who died for our country.

De Bestiis Variis
Quid est bestia?
Bestia est animal.
Multae bestiae in terra aut in aqua habitant.
Leo est bestia, quae in Africa habitat.
Leo est bestia fera!
Aliae bestiae leonem timent . . .
. . . quia leo magnus et ferus est.
Leo est rex bestiarum.
(Rex est qui habet coronam.)
Equus quoque est bestia.
Estne equus bestia fera?
Minime, equus non est bestia fera.
(Hic equus fortasse ferus est!)
Asinus est bestia similis equo.
Asinus non est ferus.
Sed lupus est bestia fera!
Ovis est bestia, sed non bestia fera.
Alia bestia est feles.
Estne feles bestia fera?
Aliae feles non sunt ferae . . .
. . . sed aliae feles ferae sunt!
Mus felem timet . . .
. . . quia feles murem devorat!
Aquila quoque mures devorat.
Aquila est avis fera.
(Avis est bestia quae habet alas . . .
. . . et pennas.)
Bubo est alia avis fera . . .
. . . quae nocte volat.
Columba est avis pulchra.
Estne columba avis fera?
Columba non est avis fera—
—immo est signum pacis!
Aquila et bubo et columba et aliae aves in aere volant.
Sed non omnes aves volant!
Volatne asinus?
Minime, asinus non volat!
Ovisne volat?
Haud!
Ecce piscis.
Volatne piscis?
Pisces non volant, sed natant.
Sed hic piscis volat!
Haec avis non solum volare, sed etiam natare potest.
Super aquam etiam ambulare potest!
Hae aves natant super aquam . . .
. . . non sub aqua ut pisces.
Avis enim sub aqua non spirare potest, solum in aere.
Neque homo sub aqua spirare potest!
Piscis autem in aqua spirare potest.
Leones . . .
. . . equi . . .
. . . asini . . .
. . . lupi . . .
. . . oves . . .
. . . feles . . .
. . . mures . . .
. . . aquilae . . .
. . . bubones . . .
. . . columbae . . .
. . . pisces . . .
. . . homines . . .
. . . omnes mirabiles sunt!

Puberty,"Girl"
Thinking in nothing,
body transform.
Hair under our armpit,
grow boobs, breasts.
The boys look different.
We get our period.
Girls grow differently.
Our body change.

Stop! I Don't LIke it!
If I get kissed at school, I say, "Stop! I don't like it!"
When someone pushes me, I say, "Stop! I don't like it!"
I say, "Stop! I don't like it!" when I get touched where my bathers go.
When someone is making me angry, I tell them to, "Stop! I don't like it!"
When I get hugged at school, I tell them to, "Stop! I don't like it!"
"Stop! I don't like it!" is what I say when someone is being too noisy.

Monster Trucks
Monster trucks are awesome.
Monster trucks are cool.
Monster trucks can crush cars.
Monster trucks can do jumps.
Monster trucks can do doughnuts.
Monster trucks are very, very loud.
Monster trucks can roll over.
Monster trucks can fall apart when they land badly.
Monster trucks can do front and back wheelies.
Batman is crushing cars.
Monster Patrol is crushing cars, as well.
Outback Thunder is jumping on the cars. Boing! Boing!
This is SCOOBY, my favorite monster truck.

In Horto
Flores in nostro horto crescunt.
Coleopterafeminea in nostro horto habitant.
Aves nostrum hortum visitant.
Purpureos flores in nostro horto amamus.
Nostri flores crescunt e seminibus quae inseruimus.
Multi pisces in nostro laco sunt.
Papiliones pulchros in nostro horto habemus.

Two Little Black Birds...
Two little black birds sitting on a wall,
One named Peter,
One named Paul.
Fly away Peter,
Fly away Paul.
Come back Peter, come back Paul.
Come back black birds and sit on the wall!
THE END!!

Blue
The trees stand in the blue water.
The boy in the blue shirt is flying!
The starfish is in front of the blue sky.
The blue water hits the brown rocks.
The kids swim in the blue water.
The spider is in front of the blue sky.
There are two blue doors.
The lightning comes from the blue sky and hits the city.
The flower is blue.
The blue butterfly is on the fence.
The boy walks in front of the blue wall.
The girl is swimming in the blue water.

Animals I Like
Animals I Like
I like elephants.
I like baboons.
I like bears.
I like monkeys.
I like Timon and Pumba.
I like kangaroos.
I like lions.

Who are Bullies?
There are many different ways to get bullied.
Bullies want to get attention.
Bullies sometimes take your friends.
Bullies will beat up kids.
There are bullies online.
Bullies bully by text messaging.
Sometimes people stand up for their friends.
Bullies threaten other students.
Those are the many ways bullies bully other students.

Trip to Columbus
Columbus is a great place to visit. Ohio State University in Columbus has a great stadium!
I want to travel to  Columbus by car. It will be 398 miles. It will cost about $48.00 for gas.
I will stay at the Best  Western, North Columbus.
I want to go to the Columbus Zoo. I like to watch animals.
Cosi would be fun to see.
I will eat out in restaurants, like Bob Evans and the Atomic Cafe.
It will cost $269.00 for my trip.
It will be fun!

Summer at the Pool
The flower floats in the pool.
Going under the water!
I'm a great diver!
Here's a pretty mermaid.
You're going to get wet Tito!
Hey Baby, what's your phone number?
Summer at the pool is great!

Wrestling
Wrestlers are big!
The Undertaker is scary.
Kane is a bad guy.
Some wrestlers have tattoos.
I like to watch wrestling.

How Much?
I wanted to buy a snack.  How much money do I need?
I wanted to buy a gumball. It costs 1 cent.
I had a penny in my pocket.
I wanted to buy a lollipop.
It cost 5 cents.
I had a nickel in my pocket.
I wanted to buy a cupcake.
It cost 10 cents.
I had a dime in my pocket.
I wanted to buy a candy bar.
It cost 25 cents.
I had a quarter in my pocket.
I wanted to buy a puppy.
It cost 100 cents.
I had a dollar in my pocket.
Now, my pockets are empty.

Snacks I Like to Eat
I  like  to  eat  Goldfish.
I  like  to   eat  Doritos.
I   like   to   eat   grapes.
I  like  to  eat  apples.
I  like   to   eat   strawberries.
I  like to  eat  pears.
I  like  to eat  chips.
I  like to eat  pretzels.
I  like  to  eat  M&M's.
I  like  to  eat  Wheat  Thins.
I  like  to  eat  Cheez-Its.
I  like  to  eat  cookies.

Mouse's Life
Once upon a time, there was a mouse.
He loved his life and he loved cheese.
One day there was a CAT.
He chased the mouse all around.
The mouse ran and ran as fast as he could to his house.
He ran into his hole...
and he fell asleep right away.

What am I?
What am I?
I have wings that are colorful.
I eat nectar.
I live in the jungle and the garden.
What am I?
I am a butterfly.

What am I?
What am I?
I eat bananas.
I have a long tail.
I eat fruit.
I swing through the trees.
What am I?
I am a monkey.

What am I?
What am I?
I have keen eyesight for hunting.
I eat fish.
I drag my prey up the tree.
I live and hunt alone.
What am I?
I am a white lion.

What am I?
What am I?
I have big ears.
I have big legs.
I have a long trunk.
I have a tail.
I am grey.
What am I?
I am an elephant.

What am I?
What am I?
I eat deer.
I eat fish.
I eat wild pigs.
I have yellow fur with black spots.
What am I?
I am a leopard.

What am I?
What am I?
I swing in the trees.
I live in the jungle.
I eat bananas.
I have a tail.
What am I?
I am a monkey.

Naomi Likes Animals.
Naomi likes birds.
Naomi likes cats.
Naomi likes dogs.
Naomi likes fish.
Naomi likes hamsters.
Naomi likes horses.
Naomi likes rabbits.
Naomi likes turtles.

Kahtya Likes Animals
Kahtya likes birds.
Kahtya likes cats.
Kahtya likes dogs.
Kahtya likes fish.
Kahtya likes hamsters.
Kahtya likes horses.
Kahtya likes rabbits.
Kahtya likes turtles.

Leeuwenhoek
Antehac
scripsi
observationes
meas
circa SALIVAM
editas per dominum Robertum Hooke
qvi Regiae Societati est a Secretis, anno 1678.
A qvo tempore
varias denuo observationes
circa salivam meam
feci.
ea hoc vel illo tempore
ope vasorum salivalium
in os deducta cernerentur
sed qvantumvis accurate observaverim
nulla tamen animalcula deprehendere potui:
sic ut de illa aliud qvid dicere neqveam
qvam antea jam dixi.
Soleo mane
dentes meos
sale
fricare,
ac postea, os
aqva colluere ;
ac ubi comedi
saepius dentes meos
molares
dentiscalpio
purificare;
ut et aliqvando eos linteo vehementer fricare,
ut dentes mei puri maneant et candidi;
ut paucos mihi coaetaneos hoc pacto raro videas
nec gingivae meae unqvam sanguinem emittant.
Nec tamen ideo dentes mei adeo sunt puri,
qvin, ubi eos per speculum objecta augens,
intueor
viderim manentem vel crescentem inter dentes
qvosdam materiam qvandam albam,
ac, ob crassitiem, farinae aqva subactae similem.
Hoc observans
(licet motum in ea dignoscere non possem)
tamen judicavi
ei viva animalcula inesse.
Saepius ergo eam materiam
aqvae pluviatili purae
cui nulla animalcula inerant,
ac etiam salivae immiscui
qvam ex ore meo petieram;
postqvam aeris bullulas ab ea separassem,
ne illae in saliva motum excitarent.
Ac fere semper
magna cum admiratione
vidi dictae illi materiae inesse
multa exigva admodum animalcula
jucundissimo modo se moventia.
Maximum genus simile erat Fig. A
Haec maximum et celerrimum habebant motum.
Secundum genus simile erat Fig. B.
Haec saepe turbinis in modum circumagebantur
ac aliqvando instituebant cursum,
ut in C. et D. ostenditur.
Haec multo majori erant numero.
latinum.org.uk

Books
Oh! Bury me in books when I am dead,
Fair quarto leaves of ivory and gold,
And silk octavos, bound in brown and red,
That tales of love and chivalry unfold.
Heap me in volumes of fine vellum wrought,
Creamed with the close content of silent speech;
Wrap me in sapphire tapestries of thought
From some old epic out of common reach.
I would my shroud were verse-embroidered too—-
Your verse for preference—in starry stitch,
And powdered o’er with rhymes that poets woo,
Breathing dream-lyrics in moon-measures rich.
Night holds me with a horror of the grave,
That knows not poetry, nor song, nor you;
Nor leaves of love that down the ages weave
Romance and fire in burnished cloths of blue.
Oh, bury me in books, and I’ll not mind
The cold, slow worms that coil around my head;
Since my lone soul may turn the page and find
The lines you wrote to me, when I am dead.

Three Little Monkeys
Three little monkeys sitting in a tree, teasing Mr. Alligator.
Can't catch me. Can't catch me.
Along came Mr. Alligator, quiet as can be.
Snap!
Two little monkeys sitting in a tree, teasing Mr. Alligator.
Can't catch me. Can't catch me.
Along came Mr. Alligator, quiet as can be.
Snap!
One little monkey sitting in a tree, teasing Mr. Alligator.
Can't catch me. Can't catch me.
Along came Mr. Alligator, quiet as can be.
Snap!
No more little monkeys sitting in the tree.

We Like Snacks!
We like snacks!
We like chips.
We like cheese puffs.
We like cookies.
We like peppermint.
We like chocolate pudding.
We like cheese crackers.
We like pretzels.
We like applesauce.
We like our snacks!

The Fruit Group
The fruit group is just one of the food groups.
A grapefruit is a fruit.
A peach is a fruit.
A strawberry is a fruit.
Is an apple a fruit?
YES! An apple is a fruit.
A raspberry is a fruit.
A banana is a fruit.
A grape is a fruit.
Kiwi is a fruit.
An orange is a fruit.
A blueberry is a fruit.
Is a pineapple a fruit?
Yes! A pineapple is a fruit.
A cherry is a fruit.
A lemon is a fruit.
Is a watermelon a fruit?
Yes! A watermelon is a fruit.
Fruit is one of the food groups.

POETA ET MILITES
OLIM ERANT MILITES.
ETIAM POETA ERAT.
IN VIA AMICOS SALUTABANT.
SALVE, POETA. UBI EST TUA PATRIA?
MEA PATRIA EST ITALIA. ITALIA EST MAGNA. UBI HABITATIS?
NOSTRA PATRIA EST HISPANIA. SUMUS MILITES. PUGNAMUS.
SCRIBO CARMINA DE MILITIBUS.
SUNTNE CARMINA TRISTIA?
NON SEMPER. SUNT TEMPORA SUPERBA.
NARRATE MIHI VESTRAS FABULAS.
NARRABIMUS. POSTEA AD AFRICAM NAVIGABIMUS.
GRATIAS VOBIS AGO.

Silver
Silver is the color of many things.
Silver is the color of metal.
Coins are silver.
Some jewelry is silver.
Water sometimes looks like silver.
Trophies can be silver.
Pipes can be silver.
Wind chimes are  sometimes silver.
Some buildings are painted silver.
Silver is cool!

Blue
My favorite color is blue.
Blue is a cool color.
The sky and water are always blue.
Blue is a primary color.
There are many different colors of blue.
Blue and yellow make green.
Crayons are sometimes blue.
American flags have blue on them.
I like blue. What color do you like?
Blue is everywhere!

CANIS EST IN ROMA
SALVETE OMNES!
ESTNE CANIS IN SCHOLA?
MINIME, CANIS IN SCHOLA NON EST.
ESTNE CANIS DOMI MAGISTRAE?
MINIME, CANIS DOMI MAGISTRAE NON EST.
UBI EST CANIS?
ESTNE CANIS IN AMERICA?
MINIME, CANIS IN AMERICA NON EST.
ESTNE CANIS IN ROMA?
ITA VERO, CANIS EST IN ROMA.
UBI EST ROMA?
ESTNE ROMA IN AMERICA?
MINIME, ROMA IN AMERICA NON EST.
UBI EST ROMA?
ROMA EST IN ITALIA.
CANIS IN ROMA, ET ROMA IN ITALIA EST.
FESTINA DOMUM, CANIS.

Red
Red
Red is a primary color.
Some fruits are red, such as strawberries.
Toys can be red, like red balloons.
Lollipops are very good. I love the red ones!
Flowers can be red, too. This is a rose.
In autumn, leaves turn red.
Ladybugs are small and red.
Even the American flag has red stripes.
My favorite color is red. What is yours?

Our Class
This is our class.
Mr. Hunning is happy.
Monty and Jamal drink Gatorade.
Mr. Adams is funny.
Nakesha is pretty.
Mrs. Sykes is thinking.
Tyrone is short.
Omar wants to be a fireman.
Ronnie is the winner.
Jamie is sleeping.
This is Ms. McPhillips.
Ronnie and Brian are working.
Mrs. Wagoner is loca.
Our class went to the zoo.
Ms. Serviss puts out a fire.
Brian is bowling.
Drew likes dinosaurs.
Mrs. Royster likes oranges.
Derek can jump high.
Ms. Buckley is in the shade.
Brian is curious.
We win ribbons.
Our book is finished.

White
White is everywhere.
Some animals are white, like this white tiger.
You can add white to lighten colors.
Paper is a white material.
This balloon is white.
Can you find the white crayons?
We all have white blood cells.
Dominoes are black and white.
Marshmellows are white and yummy!
White is everywhere. Don't forget it's on our flag.

My Horses
This is one of my horses named Sasha.
This is another one of my horses named Cocoa.
This is my favorite horse named Billy.
This is another horse named Rose.
This is my horse named Alex.
This is another horse named Fredd.
My horse is called Gala.
My horse is named Mayom.
My horse is named Jemma.
This is my horse named Tom.

Rockets are Awesome
The space shuttle has two solid rocket boosters and one liquid propellant main tank.
These rockets are making an X.
The first rocket is being launched and the other is waiting.
This rocket is being launched right now.
This rocket has fire coming out the back.
This rocket has a reflection in the water.
All three rockets are launching at the same time.
This rocket created a lot of fire and smoke when it was launched.
A lot of rockets are launched in the desert.
This rocket is being launched in a field.
This rocket is open so you can see the electronics inside.
These people are going to launch their rocket.
These rockets are on display.

Spider Monkeys
Spider monkeys can hang upside down to eat watermelon.
Spider monkeys can look happy if they have had enough to eat.
Spider monkeys like to watch what's going on.
Spider monkeys like to wrap up in blankets.
Spider monkeys like to play peek-a-boo.
Spider monkeys can jump from tree to tree.
Spider monkeys like to rest in hammocks.
Spider monkeys can't understand this giant hamster.
Spider monkeys don't like cages.
Spider monkeys have black hands.

Hannah Montana
Hannah Montana
Hannah Montana is special.
Hannah Montana is a good singer.
Hannah Montana hangs out with boyfriends.
Hannah Montana has a good dad.
Hannah Montana hangs out with friends.
Hannah Montana talks on the phone.
I like Hannah Montana's "Best of Both Worlds" song.
Hannah Montana goes shopping.

I Can
I can zip like this.
I can sip like this.
I can dip a chip like this.
I can snip like this.
I can skip like this.
I can flip like this.
I can tip like this.

Washing Hands
Hand washing is important because you stay healthy and don't get germs.
Wash your hands before and after you eat.
Wash your hands before and after you pull weeds.
Wash your hands before you cook dinner.
Wash your hands before and after you go fishing.
Wash your hands when you use the bathroom.
Wash your hands after you play on the playground.
Wash your hands before and after you play.

The African Rhinoceros
The rhinoceros is 60 inches at the shoulder.
My animal is black...
or white.
It moves slow.
A rhino has two horns.
Rhinoceros babies can weigh 20 tons.
It drinks up to 10 gallons of water.
Humans are the predators of the rhinoceros.
My animal is a herbivore.
The rhinoceros does not hunt other animals.
It eats leaves, buds, shoots and grass.
The rhinoceros is an African animal.

Our Mealworms
A mealworm is going in a Venus Fly Trap.
Then it got eaten by the plant.
The mealworm got eaten by a rat.
Now there are lots of mealworms.
The mealworms are  partying.
It looks like they're in a tanning booth.

The African Camel
My camel is medium in size.
It is very fast.
My camel is brown...
or white.
It has a life span of 50 years.
It has a hump that holds water.
My camel eats vegetables,
and drinks a lot of water.
It is a herbivore.
My camel is a friend to people.

The Bird Party
The macaw invited all his different bird friends to a welcome home party for the hummingbirds.
The parrot wore his most colorful feathers.
The eagle had to think hard about what kind of gift to bring.
He decided to bring some fresh fish for everybody.
The eagle thought, "We need more. We need a cake, some drinks, some games, and some music."
The hawk said, "I will be the look-out for the hummingbirds."
One bird flew in all the ingredients for the cake.
The blackbird baked and decorated a beautiful pink flower cake.
This bird told everybody that the flowers on the cake would have nectar to drink.
One bird wrote a special song to sing at the party.
The blue jay planned all the games and prizes.
Suddenly, the rooster crowed to tell all the birds that the hummingbirds were home!
The hummingbirds were so happy to be back after the winter. What a fun party!

The African Lion
It is golden and tan.
It has bushy hair,
all the way around its head.
It has a pointed nose.
The lion hunts for zebras to eat.
The lion is a predator.
Zebras are the prey.
It is the King of Africa.

Arbores Magicae
Romani arbores honorant, quod arbores magicae sunt.
Arbor est magica quod spiritum habet. Spiritus vocatur "Dryas".
Dryas in arbore vivit, et arborem servat.
Multas arbores Romani "nemus" vocant.
Nemus est locus magicus, quod multae arbores in nemore insunt et multae Dryades!
Spatium super nemus est magicum, quoque. Super nemus, di immortales nemus intrant.
In caelo super nemus Romani nubes vident, et in nubibus, di adsunt!
Multa animalia in nemore, et in nemore animalia tuta sunt.
Nemus est sanctuarium deorum.
Cum ventus arbores movet, Romani deos per folia et ramos vident.
Aliquando, ecce, Pan adest!
Aliquando, ecce, Juno adest!
Aliquando, ecce, Venus adest!
Aliquando, ecce, euge! Juppiter, optimus et maximus adest!
Arbores magicae sunt. Multae arbores in nemore magicissimae sunt!

Pipe Organs
Do you have a pipe organ at home?
The man is playing an organ.
There is a pipe organ.
That organ has a lot of keys.

Our G Book
Gg
G is for ghost.
G is for goat.
G is for gate.
G is for gorilla.
G is for geese.
G is for glue stick.
G is for game.
G is for grandma.
G is for gourd.
G is for guard.
G is for giraffe.
G is for glasses.
G is for grandpa.
G is for golf.
Gg

The Broken Wing
I hear a bird sing.
The bird has broken its wing.
I give the vet a ring.
He says to bring the bird to him.
The vet gives the bird a sling for its wing.
The bird rests through spring.
Soon, its wing is good as new.
The bird is better and ready to sing, sing, sing!

Dolphins
Dolphins
Dolphins live in the ocean.
Dolphins are nice.
Their teeth look like this.
They learn tricks.
I love dolphins.

Trees are Good
We like trees.
Trees give us fruit.
Trees give us nuts.
Trees are homes for birds and animals.
Trees give us forests.
Trees give us wood to build houses.
Trees give us paper to make books.
We like trees. Trees are good.

Stage 9 Vocabulary
celebrat (celebravit)
celeriter
civis
cupit
dat (dedit)
dies
agnoscit (agnovit) =
recognize
dies natalis
emittit (emisit)
exercet 
(exercuit)
fert (tulit)
hospes
ille = 
that
inspicit (inspexit)
iterum =
again
manet (mansit) =
remains
medius = middle
homo (acc: hominem)
mox
nota (notus, notum)
offert
paulisper
post
revenit (revenit)
his, his own
trādit (trādidit)

Candy
I love candy.
Candy has many colors.
I would go to war for the sake of candy.

Examen Habebimus.
Magister: Examen habebimus.
Magister: Poterisne respondere ad universas qvaestiones meas?
Discipulus: Credo, me respondere posse.
Magister: Sine, audiam.
Magister: Qvid est geographia?
Discipulus: Descriptio Terrae.
Magister: Qvid nomine naturalis historiae intelligitur?
Discipulus: Descriptio rerum naturalium.
e.g. descriptio animalium,
Descriptio vegetabilium
Descriptio mineralium.
Magister: Qvot sunt anni tempora?
Discipulus: Qvatuor, videlicet, Ver...
Aestas
Autumnus
Hiems
Magister: Qvis scientia mechanica?
Discipulus: Est scientia mathematica...
...qvae motus qvalitates ac leges docet.
Magister: Qvae praeterea?
Discipulus: Et constructionem machinarum.
Magister: Qvid botanica?
Discipulus: Botanica est illa pars naturalis historiae...
...qvae tractat de plantis...
...de variis earundem speciebus...
formis
virtutibus ac usibus.
Qvid mineralogia?
Discipulus: Mineralogia est illa scientia...
qvae tractat de diversis corporibus...
qvae hujus terrae massam constituunt.
Magister: Qvid astronomia?
Discipulus: Est scientia...
coelestium corporum :
solis
lunae
planetarum
cometarum
et stellarum.
latinum.org.uk

DE LUPO IN PELLE OVIS
DE LUPO IN PELLE OVIS
ecce pastor cum ovibus.
quot oves habet?
habetne unam ovem?
habetne duas oves?
habetne tres oves?
habetne quattuor oves?
habetne quinque oves?
decem oves habet!
ecce lupus.
lupus cibum quaerit.
"oves video! oves amo!"
"veni mecum, ovis!"
lupus ovem devorat.
lupus pellem ovis induit.
pastor oves numerat: "una, duae, tres ..."
"decem oves habeo! omnes oves adsunt."
nox est. omnes dormiunt.
sed lupus non dormit ...
lupus ovem alteram devorat.
pastor oves iterum numerat.
"una, duae, tres"
"novem oves video!"
"eheu! ubi est ovis mea?"
pastor ovem quaerit.
pastor oves inspicit.
"haec non est ovis!"
"pedem pilosum habet!"
"lupus est! lupus ovem devorat!"
pastor iratus est.
lupum in arbore suspendit.
alii agricolae rogant:"cur ovem suspendis?"
et pastor respondet:
"pellis est ovis,
sed factum est lupi."
FINIS

Formosus Equus
Ecce, formosus equus!
Formosus Equus amat magnas villas.
Equus videt magnam villam!
Equus cogitat.
Equus emit villam.
Formosus Equus est contentus!

Tityrus
Tu, Tityre
tu, recubans
sub tegmine
hujus patulae fagi,
meditaris silvestrem Musam
tua tenui avena;
nos linquimus fines patriae,
et dulcia arva
nos fugimus
patriam;
Tu, O Tityre,
lentus in umbra
doces silvas
resonare
formosam Amaryllida.
latinum.org.uk

Candice and Bradley go to Field Day 2009
Candice and Bradley are called to the track.
They wait on the track with their buddies.
Candice's buddy coaches her to run fast!
Bradley's buddy coaches him to run fast.
Candice and Bubba are anxious to get started on the race.
Bradley is coached to the starting position.
Bradley and Candice are both listening for the word, "Go!"
It's hard to wait when you're ready to run.
Candice says, "I am ready to run."
Candice uses a hand signal to let the coaches know she is ready to run.
Just look at this.  WOW!  Both Candice and Bubba won a medal.
Candice is calling her grandmother and mother to come see her medal.
Both Candice and Bradley ran really, really fast.
They are happy.
They are best friends.

Dominus et Famulus
Ecce: Dominus
Ecce: Dominus et famulus.
Dominus: "Joannes, suntne purgati  vestimenta mea?"
Famulus: "Sic est, Domine, sunt."
Ecce: Ocreae.
Dominus: "Non satis splendicant."
Ecce:  peniculus qvo calceamenta detergentur.
Dominus: "Cur non toto robore fricas!"
Ecce: Aqva tepida
Ecce: Bulla saponis.
Dominus: "Da mihi modicum aquae tepidae cum frusto saponis, ad lavandas manus."
Dominus: "Ubi est manile?"
Famulus: "Hic est."
Dominus: "Estne mundum?"
Famulus: "Non, domine, non mundum est. Sordidus est.
Ecce: Lotrix
Famulus: "Lotrix heri illud attulit!"
Dominus: "Fabulam nobis narrat."
Famulus: "Non, Domine, ad meam honestatem!"
Famulus: "Nihil utile qvod non honestum!"

Animalis Clamorem
Multorum animalium clamores tibi designare possum.
Tigris rugit.
Leo rugit.
Canis latrat.
Felis minturit.
Felis anhelat.
Eqvus hinnit.
Asinus rugit.
Taurus mugit.
Ovis balat.
Lepus vagit.
Cuniculus vagit.
Lupus ululat.
Serpens sibillat.
Rana coaxat.
Aves cantant.
Psittacus loqvitur.
Pica garrit.
Corvus crocitat.
Turdus fistulat.
Apis sussurat.
Gallus cantat.
Gallina glocitat.
Columba meditatur.
Turtur lamentatur.
Intelligunt animalia suam propriam lingvam?
Profecto, intelligunt.
Cur rides?
latinum.org.uk

Inter Surgendum
Qvis pulsat fores?
Expergiscere, et surge!
Surgendi tempus est.
Atqvi nondum diluxit!
Ad gallicinium experrectus sum.
Jam dies illuxit.
Dilucescit modo.
Aperi ostium!
Aperi fenestram!
Sed....Sera est occlusa!
Clavis in sera est!
Attolle pessulum!
Pessulus est obditus foribus!
latinum.org.uk

Lusus Paginarum
Chartis pictis ludere malim.
Ecce: Charta
Num integer hic est foliorum fasciculus?
Mavisne ludere potius quam operam dare studiis?
Ego libentius studeo qvam ludo!
Ecce! Homo qvi chartas ludit.
Ego libentius ludo qvam studeo.
Laetus sum!
Noster hic ludus est!
"Deme chartas minores."
"Misce folia!"
"Distribue folia!"
Nostrae parti timeo...
Habesne chartas aliqvas bonas?
"Non, parum favet mihi fortuna!"
Et tristis sum ego!
Eheu me miserum! Deest mihi bona una charta pulchra. Nullam habeo!
Vae victis esse!
"Me proximum distribuere oportet!"
"Dividat aliquis chartas!"
"Tu componis chartas!"
"Deest folium!"
"Vide, annon in sponsione maneas?"
Non in sponsione manet!
Vide! Humi jacet.
Haec est simplex charta.
Haec imaginem gerit humanam.
Ecce: Joculator!
Ecce! Princeps.
Ecce: Unio!
Ecce: Regina!
Ecce: Rex!
"Haec erit Helena, familia triumphatrix!"
latinum.org.uk

Herbārum Scientia
Botanicus vegetabilia omnia explōrat.
Plantās inter sē rectē distinguit.
In Classēs, Genera, et Speciēs, distribuit.
Observat herbārum characterēs nātūrālis ;
Flōrum formās
Calycem
Petala
Stamina
Stylum
Sēmina
Vascula sēminalia
Siliquās
Baccās
Foliōrum figūram
Rādicēs
ramōsās
fibrātās
bulbōsās
tuberōsās.
Qvaerit ubi spontē nascantur;
Hae in montibus oriuntur.
Hae in saxīs oriuntur.
Hae in murīs oriuntur.
Illae in agrīs
Illae in pascuis
Illae in campīs
Illae in sylvīs
Illae in dumetīs
Aliae in palūdibus
Aliae in stagnīs
Aliae in fossīs
Aliae in fontibus
Aliae in flūviīs
Aliae in marī ipsō.
Virēs exquīrit ad medicīnam
ūsus ad victum
ūsus ad pabulum
ūsus ad artēs manūālēs
Sapor vīrēs indicat
Odor vīrēs indicat
Color vīrēs indicat.
latinum.org.uk

AUCEPS  - PALUMBES - ANGUIS
AUCEPS  - PALUMBES - ANGUIS
(LatinViaFables.com)
AUCEPS: Ego auceps sum.
Ego aves cápio!
Foras eo, ut aves cápiam.
Quid vídeo?
Árborem vídeo.
Arbor altíssima est.
Quid in árbore altíssima vídeo?
Ecce: palúmbem in árbore vídeo!
PALÚMBES: Ego palúmbes sum.
Ego avis mitis sum.
Hic in árbore altíssima nidum hábeo.
Quid procul vídeo?
Hóminem vídeo.
Homo procul est.
Quod homo procul est, non me distúrbat.
Hic in árbore mea máneo.
AUCEPS: Palúmbem in árbore vídeo.
Procul est, et arbor altíssima, sed volo palúmbem cápere!
Ego adprópero et insídias mólior.
ANGUIS: Ego anguis sum.
Ego serpens sum - serpens venenósus!
Ecce: hóminem vídeo.
Homo adpróperat ad me, sed me non videt.
Homo me premit!
Homo me premit cálcibus!
Mórdeo!!!!
HOMO: Quid est?
Quid me mordet? ME DOLET!
ANGUIS: Homo me premit, et eum mórdeo!
AUCEPS: Exanimátus sum!
Miser sum, quod anguis me mordet.
Dispéreo!
Álteri insídior, sed ego ipse dispéreo.
ANGUIS: Palúmbi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
PALÚMBES: Mihi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
Álteri qui insidiátur, ipse dísperit.
http://LatinViaFables.com

Inter se contendentes
Cede de meo loco!
Magnifice te pugillabo!
Ne irascaris quaeso!
Quid illic strepitus!
Tu  pugnos senties meos!
Dimissā scholā excutiam tibi dentes.
Si me attingas!
Illi cor metu palpitat.
En, cor illi in genua decidit.
Si me attingas!
Quid illic strepitus!
Vapulabitis indiscriminatim
omnes!
Ego te commotum reddam, sceleste!
Me verbis et verberibus pessime excepit!
Tria is tubera pugno suo capiti meo inflixit.
Magnifice te pugillabo!
Obtudit me pugnis undique!
Ego in te exempla edam!
Ego in te exempla edam!
latinum.org.uk

Greek Salad
How to make Greek Salad for four people.
Dice 4 tomatoes.
Peel and dice 1 cucumber.
Peel, slice and separate rings of 1 red onion.
Cut 1 block of feta cheese in quarters.
Mix and add into 4 bowls.
Sprinkle oregano on top.
Add 5 olives into each bowl.
Sprinkle olive oil on top.
ENJOY!

Interesting Turtles
This turtle is near a lake. Someday, one of us is going to buy Mr C. a cottage near a lake.
Turtles are reptiles. They eat jellyfish, frogs, fish and small mammals.
Sea turtles migrate in order to lay their eggs.
They dig the holes in the sand with their flippers.
They have scaly skin.
This bird is going to eat a turtle.

In the Ocean
In the ocean you will see...
fish,
otters,
sharks,
hermit crabs,
sea horses,
dolphins,
rays,
starfish,
and sea turtles.
What a sight to see!

Our Beach
The water that is at the beach is a green and blue.
The sea oats wave in the breeze.
People like to fish from the pier.
Footprints in the sand.
A pretty beach day.
A beautiful sunset.
Pelicans in flight over the water.
Seagulls like to fly at the beach.
It is fun to run in and out of the waves.
Our beach is beautiful!

Cows are Cool
This cow is lying down in a field. Sometimes I wish I could do that.
Cows are naturally curious. That is why this one got so close to the camera.
In the summer when they get hot, they lie down under trees.
Cows close their eyes when it gets dusty.
These cows are NOT from around here. How do we know?
Time to be milked. They are headed for the barn.

BMX!
We saw Matt Wilhelm.
He rides a bike.
He does tricks with his bike.
He won 3 medals for doing his tricks.
This trick only uses one wheel.
You have to be strong to do this trick.
This trick is called the Spiderman.
He used no hands in this trick.
He even jumped over some teachers.
Matt was so nice, the show was very exciting!

Gold
There are many different colors.
My favorite color is gold.
Gold is used for necklaces.
You can find gold nuggets in water.
Gold is dust in the ground.
Lots of people like gold.
Many things are gold.
Some crayons are gold.
A first place medal is gold.
The sun looks like gold.
My favorite color is gold. What is yours?

Blue is a Color!
My favorite color is blue!
Blue is a cool color.
The sky, water, and bluebirds are always blue.
Blue is a primary color.
There are many different colors of blue.
Blue and yellow make green.
Sometimes crayons are blue.
Blue is one of the colors on the American flag.
I like blue. What color do you like?
Blue is everywhere!

Pink
Pink is a bright color.
Bubble gum is pink.
Lemonade can be pink.
Flamingos are pink birds.
Balloons can be pink.
These shirts are pink.
Blankets can be pink.
Red and white make pink.
Pigs are pink.
I like pink. What  color do you like?

Purple
Purple
There are many colors, but purple is my favorite.
Blue, purple and green are cool colors.
This flower is purple.
Purple is not a primary or secondary color.
It is a mix of red and blue.
Look around your classroom. Is there any purple?
Violet is a darker shade of purple.
Grapes are my favorite snack. They are purple.
Purple is my favorite color. What is yours?

Orange
Orange is a secondary color.
There are many shades of orange.
Some fruits are orange.
A setting sun is sometimes orange.
Some people have orange hair.
Dirt at times is orange.
You can see orange balloons at a carnival.
Orange flowers grow in many places.
A tiger's fur is orange.
I love the color orange. How about you?

Black
All colors mixed together make black.
This bag is Black.
Coal  is black.
This shoe is black.
Crows are a type of black bird.
This girl's hair is black.
My violin case is black.
Gray is a lighter shade of black.
My second favorite color is black. What is yours?

Yellow!
Yellow is a primary color.
Yellow is also a warm color.
My boots are yellow.
My raincoat is yellow.
My umbrella is also yellow.
My rainy day outfit is yellow.
This little chick is yellow.
So is a rubber duck.
Snow White's skirt is yellow.
Her hair is yellow.
I love yellow!
What's your favorite color?

Sport
Aimen likes to play soccer.
You kick the ball with your foot.
Nick likes to play bowling.
You roll the ball to hit the pins.
Nick likes sailing. He loves boats.
Nick and Aimen like football.
You try to get the ball in the goal.
Nick and Aimen like bike riding.
You have to wear a helmet so you don't hurt your head.
Nick and Aimen like to play tennis.
You swing a racquet to hit the ball.

Blowing Bubbles
Do you like to blow bubbles?
I do!
The girl blew a lot of bubbles.
Bubbles float in the air.
The boy is watching a bubble float away.
Bubbles can float really high up in the sky.
Wow, that is a really big bubble!
Why don't you try to blow some bubbles, too.
Look at me, I blew a lot of bubbles.
Look at me, this is a really big bubble!
Blowing bubbles is harder than it looks. How do I make a bubble?
Put the bubble solution on the wand. Put it close to your mouth.
Now slowly blow air into the center of the wand.
Just blow a little bit of air through a tiny hole you make with your mouth.
Or you could just use a bubble machine.
Bubble machines make a lot of bubbles very quickly.
Wow, those bubbles are floating really high, right up to the sky!
Look at all the colors.  I see yellow, green, purple and blue bubbles.
Bubbles can be any shape and any size.
This is the biggest bubble I have ever seen!
But no matter what size, shape or color a bubble is, I think the best part of bubbles is...POPPING THEM!

canis et apis
ecce flōs pulcher!
ecce canis fortis!
canis flōrem olfacit.
sed quid in flōre sē cēlat?
ēheu! apis in flōre labōrat.
apis īrāta volat!
canis fortis effugit!
tūtus in herbā sē cēlat.

mīlitēs Rōmānī
ecce! mīles Rōmānus adest.
centuriō quoque adest.
et alter mīles fortis adest.
multī mīlitēs adsunt. quid faciunt?
ūnus ballistam parat.
complūrēs scūta portant.
quid accidit?
plūrimī testūdinem faciunt.
testūdō contendit.
centuriō mīlitēs exercet.
mīlitēs sē exercent.
cēterī aciem faciunt.
medicus mīlitem vulnerātum cūrat.
auxilia sē parant
omnēs ē castrīs contendunt.
mīlitēs magnā cum turbā
contendunt.
pāstōrēs mīlitibus occurrunt.
mīlitēs nunc quiēscunt.

Wildlife of India
In the jungles of India...
there are tigers,
rhinos,
and Langur monkeys.
Tigers have long whiskers.
They have sharp teeth and claws.
They have orange and black stripes.
Rhinos go in the swamp to cool off.
They have short, sharp horns on their heads.
Rhinos can't see very well. Sometimes they charge.
Langur monkeys sleep in the forks of  trees.
They have black faces and white fur.
Langur monkeys have long tails.
All of these animals live in the forest of India.

Fun at Funfest 2009
At Funfest, we play basketball.
At Funfest, we play hockey.
At Funfest, we drink pop.
At Funfest, we do the dip a duck.
At Funfest, we eat nachos.
At Funfest, we eat popcorn.
At Funfest, we dance.
At Funfest, we eat cookies.
At Funfest, we play fish pond.
At Funfest, we eat candy.
See you at Funfest!!!!

My Puppy
I have a new puppy.
My puppy is sleeping.
I see 5 puppies.
My puppy is playing 
in the mud.
I love my puppy.

Helpers and  Healers
Oh, look we are firefighters.
The nurse is helping the girl.
I am a mom with my baby.
What! I need a dentist?
My first hair cut.
Please Mom, let Tito be my PCA!
An apple for my teacher.

Fruity Book
Peach
Pear
Pumpkin
Strawberry
Grapes
Banana
Blueberry
Apple

What am I?
What am I?
I have four wings.
I live in flowers.
I eat nectar.
I can fly.
I am a butterfly.

What am I?
Who am I?
I can fly?
I eat nectar.
I am blue.
I have four wings.
I am a butterfly.

parvula arānea
arāneum
parvula arānea
ascendit.
arānea ascendit.
parvula arānea ascendit.
arānea canālem intrat.
sūrsum ascendit.
nimbus adest.
pluit.
et pluit.
iterum pluit.
pluvia arāneam lavat.
aqua ē canāle effundit.
ecce!
sol lucet.
parvula aranea ascendit.
canālem intrat.
sūrsum ascendit.
iterum!

A Little Girl
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Amanda.
She lived in Toronto.
Suddenly, it started to rain.
Amanda was standing in the rain.
When it stopped raining, there was a rainbow.

I Like Sports
Baseball is fun!
Football is fun!
Horse racing is fun!
Car racing is fun!
Basketball is fun!
Soccer is fun!
Hockey is fun!
Golf is fun!
Motocross is fun!
Gymnastics is fun!
Volleyball is fun!

Brown
Brown is a neutral color.
Tree bark is brown.
Wood is brown.
Mud is brown.
So is chocolate!
This is a brown teddy bear.
This man is wearing a brown shirt.
Some peoples' skin is brown.
Ducks are sometimes brown.
My hair is brown.
I like brown.

In the Garden
Flowers grow in our garden.
Ladybugs live in our garden.
Birds visit our garden.
We like purple flowers in our garden.
Our flowers grow from the seeds we plant.
Our pond has many fish in it.
We have beautiful butterflies in our garden.

My Afternoon Routine
Every afternoon, I take the taxi cab from Encinal High School to Alacosta.
First, the driver drops Joe at his granny's house.
Then we head to Berkeley.
Once I get to Alacosta, I play outside and see Courtney, who is my friend.
On Tuesdays, we perform by singing along with Alan Jackson CDs.
After that, I go home and sit at home, play a game or play outside with my water gun.
I like my afternoon routine.

Scīsne bis bīna qvot sint?
Scīsne bis bīna, qvot sint?
Bis bīna sunt qvattuor.
2 x 2 = 4
Scīsne bis ūnum qvot sint?
bis ūnum sunt duo.
2 x 1 = 2
Scīsne bis terna qvot sint?
Bis terna sunt sex.
2 x 3 = 6
Scīsne bis qvaterna qvot sint?
Bis qvaterna sunt octo.
2 x 4 = 8
Scīsne bis qvīna qvot sint?
Bis qvīna sunt decem.
2 x 5 = 10
Scīsne bis sēna qvot sint?
Bis sēna sunt duodecim.
2 x 6 = 12
Scīsne bis septēna qvot sint?
Bis septēna sunt qvatuordecim.
2 x 7 = 14
Scīsne bis octōna qvot sint?
Bis octōna sunt 
sēdecim.
2 x 8 = 16
Scīsne bis novēna qvot sint?
Bis novēna sunt  duodēvīginti
2 x 9 = 18
Scīsne bis dēna qvot sint?
Bis dēna sunt vīginti.
2 x 10 = 20
latinum.mypodcast.com

Qvot?
ūnus
ūna
ūnum
duo
duae
duo
trēs
tria
qvattuor
qvinqve
sex
septem
octo
novem
decem
undecim
duodecim
tredecim
qvattuordecim
qvindecim
sēdecim
septendecim
duodēvīginti
undēvīginti
vīginti
latinum.org.uk

Rosa
Ecce Rosa.
Ecce rosae.
Pars rosae.
Videō aliqvid in rosā.
Videō aliqvid in rosā.
Cujus lingvae vox est 'rosa'?
Lingvae Latīnae!
Rosa caerulea est.
Haec rosa flāva est.
Haec rosa rūbra est.
Videō duās rosās rūbrās.
Videō rosam caeruleam.
Rosam flāvam videō.
Rosam albam videō.
Puella rosās albās portat.
Amāsne rosās?
Ego rosās amō.
Ego rosās flāvās videō et amō.
Copyright: © 2009 Evan Millner. Creative Commons
latinum.org.uk

Quis ibi stat?
Quis ibi stat?
Dominus!
Quis ibi stat?
Domina!
Quis ibi stat?
Coquus!
Quis ibi stat?
Eques!
Quis ibi stat?
Imperatrix!
Quis ibi stat?
Pater!
Quis ibi sedet?
Magistratus!
Quis ibi stat?
Sponsa!
Quis ibi stat?
Stabularius!
Vale!
latinum.org.uk

Serpentes
serpens
orbes
nodus
nodus
spira
spirae sanguineae
volumina serpentis
caput
caput altum
caput undam superat.
cervix alta
lingua vibrans
vibrans lingua
serpens sinuat.
sinuat serpens.
draco sinuat.
gemini angues
gemini angues insinuant.

Bestiarium Latinum
Ecce elefantus!
Elefantus magnus est.
Quid vidēs?
Elefantum magnum videō.
Ecce cervus!
Cervus citus est.
Quid vidēs?
Cervum citum videō.
Ecce lupus!
Lupus indomitus est.
Quid vidēs?
Lupum indomitum videō.
Ecce asinus!
Asinus obstinātus est.
Quid vidēs?
Asinum obstinātum videō.
Ecce ursus!
Ursus torvus est.
Quid vidēs?
Ursum torvum videō.
Ecce taurus!
Taurus validus est.
Quid vidēs?
Taurum validum videō.
Ecce aper!
Aper ferus est.
Quid vidēs?
Aprum ferum videō.
Ecce mūla!
Mūla rōbusta est.
Quid vidēs?
Mūlam rōbustam videō.
Ecce leō!
Leō animōsus est.
Quid vidēs?
Leōnem animōsum videō.
Ecce canis!
Canis amīcus est.
Quid vidēs?
Canem amīcum videō.
Ecce lepus!
Lepus timidus est.
Quid vidēs?
Leporem timidum videō.
Ecce vulpēs!
Vulpēs dolōsa est.
Quid vidēs?
Vulpem dolōsam videō.
Imagines antiquae inveniuntur in manuscripto, c. 900-1000.

My Day at School
This is my classroom.
On Mondays and Wednesdays, I put out the chairs in our library.
I love to work on the computer.
I like to draw pictures at school.
Painting pictures at school is also a lot of fun.
I love to colour using markers.
This is a chalk board. Sometimes, my teacher teaches using a chalkboard.
I am learning how to write my name using a pencil.
As a treat, we sometimes watch a movie at school.
I enjoy playing with my friends at recess.
My day at school ends at 3:20pm.
I like home time!

SALVE, AMICE!
SALVE, AMICE!
SALVETE, AMICI!
SALVE, AMICA! ES LAETA.
SALVETE, AMICAE! ESTIS CONTENTAE.
SALVE, PUER!  ES PUER HILARULUS.
SALVETE, PUERI! ESTIS PUERI EXCITATI.
SALVE, FEMINA! ES FEMINA PULCHRA.
SALVETE, FEMINAE! ESTIS FEMINAE BONAE.
SALVE, VIR! ES VIR STRENUUS.
SALVETE, VIRI! ESTIS VIRI DEFESSI.
SALVE, TERRA! ES MUNDUS MIRUS.

Getting Ready for the Day
I take a shower.
I wash and rinse my hair.
I dry with a towel.
I put on antiperspirant.
I get dressed
I floss my teeth.
I brush my teeth.
I comb my hair.

Going to High School
Next year, I will be in ninth grade in high school.
I will ride a bus to and from school everyday.
I will get a new photo ID.
My new school will have long hallways.
I will have a locker just like I did in middle school.
I will make new friends at my new school.
I will eat lunch in the cafeteria with my friends.
Maybe I can run cross country and track.
I will graduate from high school when I am a senior.

Green
Green is my favorite color.
This hunter is wearing green to blend in with trees.
Grass is green.
This turtle is green.
Reptiles and amphibians are green.
Trees and plants are green.
You can find green anywhere.
Just go outside.
Green is an awesome color.

Plants
Plants help us in many ways.
Plants give us food.
Plants make air for us to breathe.
We get medicine from plants.
Trees are homes to many animals.
Trees give us wood to make houses.
We get paper from trees.
Bees use flowers to make honey.
Butterflies spread pollen from flowers and help new flowers grow.
Many plants we use come from the rainforest.
We need to take care of our world by planting trees.
Plants make our world look pretty.
We need plants!

Fruits
Green grapes are yummy.
Peaches are juicy.
Cherries are red!
I love strawberries.
Apples are crunchy.
Grapefruits are sour.
Bananas are yellow.

Day as a Pug
When I woke up, my owner and I went to the park.
It was chilly outside, so I put on my new coat.
Then, I went for a swim in the pond.
My owner and I played Power Rangers.
I recorded my new single "Don't Let me Bark."
I tried out for Wizard of Oz the Musical.
Then I had a bath.
I went to the fun fair.
Then I went to my daily youth group.
Then I went shopping.
Then I had KFC for dinner.
What a great day!!!

Brody Mushroom
Mushroom
Sour cream
Onion
Vegetable stock
Cornflour

All Puppies Are Cute
This is a really cute puppy that wants to be cuddled.
This puppy took a bath and feels soft and fluffy.
This puppy has an itch.
These puppies have been swimming in the cold river.
This puppy is pretending to be shy.
It looks like this puppy is walking on water.
This puppy has a black patch on one eye.
These huskies are chasing each other in the snow.
This puppy loves to play hide-and-go seek in the grass.
These black labs are looking forward to going to play outside.
These puppies are celebrating Christmas with red, goofy hats.
This puppy is getting his paws wet by running in the wet sand.
These chihuahuas are looking at the kids in the back seat.

Trucks are Awesome
This monster truck is ready to rumble!
This flatbed truck can carry big loads.
Oh, no! This truck is burning!!!
This classic truck has beautiful lines.
This semi is popping a wheelie on a real road.
This semi is getting jack-knifed.
This is a nice-looking semi with lots of grill-work.
This is an old fashion truck grill.
This monster truck crushes cars.
This tow truck will haul a broken-down car.
This semi is red and very big.
Two semis were hooked together and flipped.
This is a Humvee from the Army.

Deluge of Datives
puer puellae donum dat.
manus tibi tritica offert.
equus nobis dentes ostendit.
animal amico susurrat.
feles infanti osculum dat.
magister discipulis crustulas dedit.
athleta athletae virgam tradit.

Shaun Likes Vacuums and Carpet Cleaners
Shaun likes red carpet cleaners.
I see a blue carpet cleaner.
This carpet cleaner is cleaning the carpet.
I see the blue  carpet cleaner.
I see the red carpet cleaner.
I see the carpet cleaner cleaning up a spill.
I see the brushes.
I see the vacuum hoses.
I see the vacuum filter.
I see the blue vacuum.
I see the yellow vacuum.
I see the green vacuum.
Shaun likes Dirt Devil vacuums.
This is Shaun's vacuum.
This flag vacuum is Mrs. Sine's favorite vacuum.
Shaun likes to vacuum his classroom.
Shaun uses brushes to clean his classroom.
This man is vacuuming with a back pack vac.
Here are some vacuums with snow on them!
This is called a canister vacuum.
These are Riccar vacuums.
This is a Dyson vacuum.
This is an old vacuum.
Here is a vacuum store. This is where you buy a vacuum cleaner.
This is the inside of a vacuum store.
Look at the vacuums lined up!
I bet the carpet is clean in this store!

IMAX?
Ernie thinks this is an "Old Wife" fish. I likes coral reefs and cold ocean waters.
Dolphins are Jasmaine's and Ernie's favorite. They are not fish.  They are mammals.
Shoaib loves Sting Rays.  They are related to sharks.
Some goldfish live in the sea.
Hector wants to see a hammerhead shark. He only wants to see one in the movie, though.
King angel fish are very pretty.  There are a lot of different kinds of angelfish.
The lionfish has a poisonous spine so no fish or scuba divers want to get close.
This is a sea slug.
Sharks eat people.  Hector wants to see one at IMAX. He doesn't want to swim with a shark.
Shoaib wants to eat a porcupine fish.  That wouldn't be smart.  It blows itself up for protection.
Hector will see an eel.  Will it be blue?
A tomato clownfish just like Nemo.
A horse that lives in the sea?  Do we ride these horses?
Our whole class loves seahorses.
Ernie said this octopus shoots black ink when it gets mad.
Shoaib likes the octopus.  He thinks we will see one at IMAX tomorrow.

Cupcakes
These are cupcakes.
These are chocolate cupcakes.
These are monster cupcakes.
These are flower cupcakes.
These are turtle cupcakes.
This is a big cupcake.
This is a robot cupcake.
This is Barack Obama.  He is made of cupcakes.

Teletubbies
I like Teletubbies.
This is Tinky Winky.  I like Tinky Winky.
This is Dipsy.  I like Dipsy.
This is Laa Laa.  I like Laa Laa.
This is Po.  I like Po.

Poison Ants
Some ants are scary because they are poisonous, like a bulldog ant.
Let's talk about a bulldog ant.
A bulldog ant hides under a leaf.
When an insect walks by, it will run out and jab it with its poisonous jaw.
Then it will shred its prey.  Now let's talk about a different ant.
Worker ants grab the cocoon very gently and the cocoon lets out a little silk.
They let out a little silk because the silk inside the cocoon helps to protect the baby ants inside the cocoon.
And just to tell you, this story isn't just about poisonous ants.
A bulldog ant, when chasing a human, will poison the person who it bites.
And he or she will have to go to the hospital.  I don't know if there are poisonous ants in New Hampshire.
I saw a fire ant before.  Fire ants might be in New Hampshire.  WATCH OUT!!!

What Brooke Likes  and Does
Brooke likes pizza and shares it with her cats.
Brooke likes Dobermans and she plays with them.
Brooke likes tiny kittens and feeds them cat food.
Brooke likes beagles and plays catch with them.
Brooke likes fake nails and she puts them on with nail polish.
Brooke likes pie and she eats it with whipped cream.
Brooke likes cake and she puts strawberries on top.
Brooke likes her best friends and she plays with them all day.
Brooke likes her sisters and eats ice cream with them.
Brooke likes snow and she jumps in it.
Brooke likes Bratz and collects them.
Brooke likes school and listens to her Ipod.
Brooke likes kites and flies them in the wind and rain.
Brooke likes swimming and swims every summer in the pool.

About Fire Trucks
This old fashion truck is parked in the street.
These fire trucks are parked in the fire station, ready to go.
The fire trucks are in the parade.
The fire truck helps the firemen to put out the fire because it has ladders and water.
Firemen are training to put out fires.
Firemen wait for the bell to ring.
The lights and siren are not on when there's not a fire.
This is a Humvee fire truck. It can go anywhere!
The police and ambulance travel with the fire trucks to emergencies.

Hanging out with Haynes' Class
This is our class!
Ms. Liz
Ms. Shigeko
Ms. Jan
Ms. Karen
Check
Shavonda
Brenden
Nicole
Felicia
Jayna
Grace
Edmond
Kyle
Our class is great!

So Many Lizards!
The small lizard.
The large lizard.
The green lizard.
The red lizard.
The blue lizard.
The spotted lizard.
The striped lizard.
Can you find the lizard?

What Am I?
What am I?
I swing from tree to tree.
I eat fruit.
I have four legs.
I eat bananas.
I have a tail.
I live in the jungle.
What am I?
I am a monkey.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I have four wings.
I can fly.
I eat nectar.
What am I?
I am a butterfly.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I have keen eyesight for hunting.
I have yellow fur with black spots.
I live in the jungle.
I eat meat.
What am I?
I am a jaguar.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I have yellow fur with black spots.
I have a tail.
I eat alligator, fish and deer.
What am I?
I am a jaguar.

What Am I?
What Am I?
I live near the flowers.
I have four wings.
I am colourful.
I eat nectar.
What am I?
I am a butterfly.

What Am I? by Nicky
What Am I?
I have a tail.
I have keen eyesight for hunting.
I have yellow fur.
A car was named after me.
I have been hunted for my fur.
What Am I?
I am a jaguar.

Another Bakugan Book
Bakugans like to cook.
Did Bakugans make this cake?
Some Bakugans have pointy noses.
When is this Bakugan going to pop up?
This is a Darkus Bakugan.
This is a Fire Bakugan.
This is an Air Bakugan.
This is a Water Bakugan.

Balls
People like to play with balls.
Dogs like balls.
Pay attention when balls are flying!
Come and get the little ball!
People like to play tennis.
Babies like to play with balls.
Do cheetahs cheat when they play ball?
Everybody likes to play bowling!
Have you ever seen the world's largest ball of twine?
It lives in a house in Darwin, Minnesota now.
Horses like to play with balls.
Would you like to play with a ball?

Bakugan
You can play a game with Bakugans.
There are a lot of kinds of Bakugans.
Bakugans are on cards.
You can get Bakugans at the store.
People like Bakugans.
Even grownups like Bakugans.
People like to watch people play Bakugans.
This boy has a lot of Bakugans.

Quilt Geometry
A quilt is a blanket made with bits of cloth.
Quilt triangles.
Quilt squares.
Quilt rectangles.
Quilt of circles.
Diamond quilt.
Star quilt.
Cats like quilts!
Squares and triangles fit together.
Squares and triangles again!
Do you see the hexagons in this one?
Super Mario is made from squares and rectangles.

Sunprints
How can we take a photo without a camera?
All you need is the sun...
and some special blue paper.
Read the instructions on the kit.
Place an object on the paper. Put it in the sunshine.
When the paper turns pale, carry it inside.
Put the paper in a basin of water.
You will see the paper turn blue again.
But now it will have an image of your object!
These were made with earphones.
This is how paper clips and a safety pin turn out.
Ferns always make pretty sunprints.

Our Electric Life
The light poles you see outside carry electricity to your house.
You use a light switch to get electricity.
How many light switches do you see?
All lights need electricity.
Computers need electricity to work.
We could not play video games without electricity.
We need electricity to watch TV.
Our kitchen needs electricity to cook dinner.
Batteries also have electricity.
Even our cell phone needs electricity.
Some telephones use electricity. Cats cannot talk on the phone.
Refrigerators use a lot of electricity.
We can't even get up for work or school without electrcity.

Pakistan
Pakistan is located in southern Asia.
It is about the size of two Californias.
Pakistan is home to one of the world's oldest civilizations.
K2, the second highest mountain on Earth, is on its border.
Many people try to climb K2.
Pakistan is mostly hot, dry desert.
There are flat plains in the east.
There are mountains in the north and northwest.
Pakistan is rich in natural gas reserves.
The population is 95% Muslim.
Pakistani food is often spicy and rich.
The End

Surgisne bene mane?
Surgisne bene mane?
Ego sole oriente surgere soleo.
ortus solis.
sol oriens.
prima lux.
E lecto surgo cum ortu solis.
Qua hora te das somno?
Ego media nocte cubitum ire soleo.
latinum.org.uk

Habesne Mensam?
Mensa
Habesne Mensam?
Mensae
Habesne mensas?
Habesne mensam?
Mensam habeo!
Janua
Habesne januam?
Januam  habeo!
Stylus
Habesne stylum?
Stylum habeo !
Styli
Habesne stylos?
Stylos habeo!
Pileus
Habesne pileum?
Pileum habeo!
Pilei
Habesne pileos?
Pileos habeo!
Penna
Habesne pennam?
Pennam habeo!
Pennae
Habesne pennas?
Pennas habeo!
latinum.org.uk

Bird Trouble.
Lalita had fed the bird and gone out to meet a friend.
She had left the door of the cage open.
Marina, the bird, flew out.
Wendy, the cat, was watching.
She chased the bird.
The house was a mess.
Marina flew back in her bird cage.
What will Kim say when she gets home?

Bluebirds
Bluebirds
There are several types of bluebirds.
Bluebird boxes help birds make homes.
They can build a nest.
And keep their eggs safe.
Until they hatch.
When the baby bird gets big,
it can make its own nest.
You can help bluebirds,
by making new houses.
You can check to make sure no other bird moved in.
Bluebird boxes should be in the open.
And not on trees in order to protect them from other animals.
Bluebird boxes help to make sure,
that bluebirds will continue to be safe.
And continue to fly home in the spring.

Brooklyn Bridge
Brooklyn Bridge
The Brooklyn Bridge is located in New York City.
It connects Brooklyn and Manhattan.
Some people jog across the bridge.
Some people walk across.
Some even bike across.
Most drive a car across the bridge.
If you look at the bridge, you might see the East River.
Or you might see a big boat in the water.
You might see the beautiful skyline.
Or the beauty in the bridge itself.
The bridge was opened in 1883.
It took 13 years to build.
It carries many people to and from Brooklyn everyday.
People never get tired of looking at the bridge.
It is in many photos of New York City.
It is a special place to see.

AQVA
Aqva scatet e fonte.
Aqva defluit in torrente.
Aqva manat in rivo.
Aqva stat in stagno.
Aqva fluit in flumine.
Aqva gyratur in vortice.
Aqva facit paludes.
Flumen ripas habet.
Mare littora facit.
Mare sinus facit.
Mare isthmos facit.
Mare insulas facit.
Mare scopulos habet.
latinum.org.uk

Zoo-Looking
One day, a little boy went to the zoo.
He looked at the gorilla, and the gorilla looked back.
He looked at the cub as his mother grabbed his back.
He looked at the ostrich, and the ostrich looked back.
He looked at the tiger as its brother got a smack.
He looked at the giraffe, and the giraffe looked back.
He looked at the lemurs as they huddled in a pack.
He looked at the monkey, and the monkey looked back.
He looked at the elephant as she gobbled up a snack.
He looked at the panda, and the panda looked back.
He looked at the snake as it slithered through a crack.
He looked at the jaguar, and the jaguar looked back.
He looked at the very large and hairy yak.
He looked at the hippo, and the hippo looked back.
He looked at the tiger with its stripes of orange and black.
He looked at the frog, and the frog looked back.
He looked at the lion, and the lion ROARED back!

In Terra Sunt
In terra sunt Alti Montes.
In terra sunt
Profundae Valles.
In terra sunt Elevati Colles.
In terra sunt Cavae Speluncae.
In terra sunt
Plani Campi.
In terra sunt
Opacae Sylvae.
latinum.mypodcast.com

MELLIFICIUM
Apes
...emittunt examen...
adduntque illi 'ducem' (Reginam).
Examen illud...
avolaturum...
revocatur
tinnitu vasis aenei.
Revocatur
et includitur novo...
Alveari.
Struunt cellulas sexangulares...
et complent eas Melligine,
et faciunt Favos,
e quibus Mel effluit.
Crates liquatae igne...
abeunt in Ceram.
latinum.org.uk

Brevoort Park
I live in Brevoort Park.
I go to Brevoort Park School.
There is a French immersion school called St. Matthews.
I play soccer with lots of friends.
I love playing flag football.
Hockey is a sport that I've been playing since I was six.
I just started playing basketball last year, and I enjoyed it.
I have two other sisters in Brevoort Park with me.

Princesses
These are princesses.
A princess wears a tiara.
A princess lives in a castle.
This is Snow White and the dwarfs.
A princess has friends.

The Universe
The universe is amazing.
From the moon...
to the distant stars.
From the sun seen at eclipse...
to galaxies with millions of stars like the sun.
There are awesome clouds of gas called nebulae.
This nebula has stars shining through it.
The Crab Nebula is the remains of a star explosion in 1054!
Scientists called astronomers study the universe with telescopes.
The Hubble Telescope has a huge mirror to collect light from the stars.
Some telescopes listen to the radio waves from space.
There's so much to love and enjoy about our universe. Let's do it!

Horses
A horse can run.
A horse can walk.
A horse can jump.
A horse can buck.
A horse can work.
A horse can play.
A horse can drink.
A horse can eat.
A horse can swim.
A horse can carry.
A horse can have a baby.
A horse can rest.
A horse can be beautiful!

Grey Parrot
Parrots are loving birds.
My parrot weighs one pound.
It has grey feathers.
Its beak is white and red.
It can fly.
The grey parrot is intelligent.
It is an ancient bird.
It lives in Central Africa.
It eats seeds,berries,  nuts and fruits.
My bird is interesting.

Dē Leōne
Ecce leō!
Leō magnus est.
Tranquillus est leō.
Sed nunc īrātus est.
Quid facit?
Rūgit!
Leō ambulat.
Deinde bibit leō.
Leō dēmum dormit.
Ecce leaena!
Leaena tranquilla est.
Et fortis est!
Quid facit leaena?
Currit!
Deinde zebram capit.
Et zebram portat.
Dēmum leaena dormit.
Ecce catulus!
Quid facit catulus?
Ambulat.
Catulus bibit.
Catulus bibit,
et
leaena custōdit.
Ecce leōnēs! Ūnus leō est,
et ūnus catulus.
Ecce leōnēs! Leō est, et leaena, et catulus.
Quot catulī sunt?
Duo catulī sunt.
Trēs catulī sunt.
Quid faciunt catulī? Ambulant.
Quid faciunt?
Bibunt.
Et ludunt.
Multī catulī
ludunt!
Quid deinde facit catulus?

African Zebra
African Zebra
It is larger than a horse.
It runs 40 mph.
It has black and white stripes.
The lion is the zebra's predator.
No two zebras are alike.
The zebra eats grass and leaves.
They eat together.
They live in families.

A Words
A is for alligator.
A is for apple.
A is for ape.
A is for ant.
A is for anteater.
Thank you for reading my book!

Dogs That are Bad!
This dog looks evil!
This dog is ready for fighting.
These dogs are chasing a deer!
These dogs are fighting in the snow.
These dogs are loose and will run away.
This dog is not letting people in the house.
These dogs are biting.
These dogs are enemies.
This dog bit the bubbles.
This dog made a mess in the house.

Dogs
Dogs
He is walking.
He is running.
He is laying on the floor.
He is sitting at the table.
He is laying on the couch.

Where is it?
The butterfly is on the fence.
The butterfly is on top of the flower.
The butterfly is next to the flower.
The butterfly is under the leaf.
The butterfly is left of the flower.
The butterfly is right of the flower.
The butterfly is between the hands.
The butterfly is by the flower.
The butterfly is not here yet.

Happy Mother's Day
I love you.
Hope you eat lots of good food.
Thanks for taking care of the pets,
Nate and Adam.
I love you and can't wait to meet you, baby.
I love horses, do you?
I love you, Mom.

Cats, Cats, and More Cats
This is a tiger. He is sitting by the water.
This is a baby kitty. She likes to be pet.
These cats are fighting.
I think these cats are dancing.
What is this cat looking at? I think it might be a fire truck.
The cat is taking a nap. Shhhh!
I hope that they don't bite each other.
Punch, punch, punch!
These cats are waiting to go home with you.

My Colours
BLUE is one of my favourite colours!
This is a RED mailbox!
This is a YELLOW house!
Purple flowers are soooo pretty.
Flowers can also be ORANGE.
This flower is WHITE!
This is a RED rose.

Animals in Africa
I see a pink sky, a yellow sun, and a baby elephant. 
What do you see?
I see zebras with black and white stripes.
What do you see?
I see a gazelle lying in the grass.
What do you see?
I see a brown and white giraffe with a long neck.
What do you see?
I see a hippo with birds on its back.
What do you see?
I see an ibis bird with long legs and a bright yellow beak.
What do you see?
I see a spotted leopard leaping through the air.
What do you see?
I see a gorilla mom with her baby.
What do you see?
What do you see?
Did you say an elephant?
How many?
What do you see?
Did you say a zebra?
How many?
What do you see?
Did you say a gazelle?
How many?
What do you see?
Did you say a giraffe?
How many?
What do you see?
Did you say a hippo?
How many?
What do you see?
Did you say an ibis bird?
How many?
What do you see?
Did you say a leopard?
How many?
What do you see?
Did you say a gorilla?
How many?

China Discoveries: Tea, Rice and Porcelain
China is a large country.
China is the home of many discoveries. We are going to learn about tea, rice, and porcelain.
Tea is China's national drink. Tea was discovered in China thousands of years ago.
For a long time, tea was used as an herbal medicine.
It is tradition to drink tea in a porcelain cup.
Porcelain is often called China because it was first made in China. It is highly valued for its strength and beauty.
The people of China also discovered rice. It is an important food that many people around the world eat today.
Here is a rice field in China.

Blue
Nick likes blue cars.
Mum likes blue cars, too.
Nick likes blue boats.
Mummy likes fast boats.
Mummy likes blue boats.
Nick likes blue rooms.
Nick likes blue shirts.

Jonathan at Fenway Park
On Wednesday, I went to Fenway Park on a field trip.
I was happy because I was excited to go.
I finally got to Fenway Park. I was happy to see the famous baseball players!
I sang "Take Me Out to the Ball Game."
At Fenway Park, I sat in a chair and looked at the baseball players.
After I finished walking in Fenway Park, I went back to the school bus. We went back to school.
I had a good time at Fenway Park!

Food
Doughnuts are good.
I like hamburgers.
I love spaghetti.
Macaroni is yummy for my tummy.
I share pizza.
I want to go to KFC.
Corn on the cob is delicious.
Hamburger Helper is my favorite.

Dinosaurs are Scary
Dinosaurs are scary.
Dinosaurs are awesome.
Dinosaurs are cool.
Dinosaurs are fabulous.
Dinosaurs are wicked.
Dinosaurs are smart.
Dinosaurs are big.
Dinosaurs are dangerous.
Dinosaurs are gigantic.
Dinosaurs are mean.
Dinosaurs are in museums.
Dinosaurs are huge.
I think dinosaurs are fascinating.

We Like Dogs
We like dogs.
We like small dogs.
We like big dogs.
We like funny dogs.
We like cool dogs.
We like silly dogs.
We like smart dogs.
We like sporting dogs.
We like festive dogs.
We like happy dogs.
Do you like dogs too?

Biking In Owatonna
Biking in Owatonna.
Biking in Owatonna is fun.
Biking in Owatonna is awesome!
Biking in Owatonna is unpredictable.
Biking in Owatonna is great.
Biking in Owatonna is for everyone!
Biking in Owatonna is a lot of work!
Biking in Owatonna is spectacular! You should come try it!

Our Trip to Letterland!
We are excited to go to Letterland!
We are going to take a big bus to Letterland!
We're going to take a long trip on a highway!
We are going to see our Letterland friends!
We're going to take a train ride!
We're going to see Annie Apple!
We're going to see Dippy Duck!
We're happy to see Harry Hat Man! He says 'hhhh.'
Then we will have lunch!
Then we'll head home.
We'll see you tomorrow at Lowes Foods! Ready to go?

Trains
This is Thomas the Toy Train.
Red train.
Blue train.
Freight train.
Old train.
Long train.
New train.
Through the tunnel train.
Steam train.
Green train.
Train going under the bridge.
Two trains.
Fast train.
Train in the mountains.
The End

Legos Rock!
by Alec Capps and Miles Salzer
The Lego builders are building.
The Lego firefighters are fighting fires.
The Lego police are catching Lego robbers.
The Lego racers are racing.
The Lego chefs are cooking.
The City of Legos was working.

Legos
by Daniil and Jonas
I like Legos.
I have lots of Legos.
I like all the colors of Legos.
I like how they are put together.
I like Star Wars Legos because some are big.
I like Legos.

Bulldogs
by Ashleigh and Nick
At parks, bulldogs play.
Some bulldogs have red eyes.
Rob Derek has a bulldog.
Bulldogs are fat and small.
Bulldogs are cool.

How to Make a Bionicle
by Aden Evans Garret J.
First, attach the staff to his hand.
Then, add the sword to his  hand.
Now, you attach the blast gun.
Put the legs on.
You attach the mask to the head.
You put on the gun.
Now, you put on his head.
You put on the jet pack.
Finally, put on the body and tah dah! You have yourself a Bionicle.

Shaun's Garbage Trucks and Street Sweepers
Shaun likes garbage trucks.
Some garbage trucks are white.
Some garbage trucks are green.
Some garbage trucks are red.
Some garbage trucks have front loaders.
This is a yellow toy  garbage truck.
This toy garbage truck is green and yellow.
This toy has a front loader.
Shaun likes street sweepers.
This street sweeper is green.
This street sweeper is lifting its hopper.

Power Miners
by Conrad Grimm and Alden Leigh
I like Power Miners.
They can drive over Rock Monsters.
The Rock Monsters live in the center of the Earth.
One of my Power Miner vehicles is the Crystal Crawler.
I like Power Miners.

I Like Dolls
I like dolls.
I like the purple and white hats on my dolls.
My dolls are soft.
They cuddle me when I sleep.
Dolls are special to me!
I love my dolls!

I Love Horses
I Love Horses
I like horses.
I like horses that are white.
Horses that are brown are cool, too.
I LOVE HORSES!!!
I like horses because they helped people get around in the olden days.
Horses are lovely.
Horses are nice.
I like horses.

Cat Love
by Melissa and Karina
I like cats.
I think cats are cute.
I like furry cats.
I like cats.

Star Wars Legos
I like Legos.
I like to build Legos!
I want to get Star Wars Legos!
Star Wars Legos are cool!
I like Legos!

Horses
My favorite animal is a horse.
My favorite horse is a Chesnut.
I also like Mustangs.
I like Bays, too.
My favorite gender horse is a girl.
I like to ride horses.
I ride in a western saddle.
Sometimes, I ride in an English saddle.
I ride at my friend's houses.
My favorite animal is a horse.

Legos
I like green Legos.
I have lots of Legos.
I like Lego people.
I like to build Legos.
I have a lot of Legos.
I like to see big structures.
I like Lego faces.
I like Lego cars.
I love Legos.

Shrek and I
This is Shrek!
This is my family! Fiona is my wife!
Shrek and Fiona went for a nature walk!
Shrek and Fiona are happy!

Wolves
Wolves
A wolf looks like a large German Shepherd dog.
Wolves live and hunt in packs.
Wolves live in Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Alaska.
The wolf eats old and sick animals by wounding or hurting an elk or moose.
A wolf pup weighs 1 pound at birth and is blind and helpless.
When a wolf comes back from a hunt, it will regurgitate some food for the young.
Wolves will defend their territory.
A wolf will talk to friends and enemies by howling.
It is a known fact that a wolf has never hurt a human, except in fables and movies.
The End

Arm-Bee
Arm-Bee
Arm-Bee took out his fire swords.
He helps capture bad guys,
by smashing old buildings.
The End

My Teletubbie Book
We are the 
TELETUBBIES!
This is La-La, and I am Dipsy.
We love to teach children!
This is our friend, Nunu!
BIG HUG!!!

Books!
by Frankie and Jonathon
Bear books are cool!
Dr. Seuss books are awesome.
I also like superhero books.
I like books.

Puppies
by Emily and Joy
Puppies like to lick.
Puppies like to jump.
Puppies like to play.
Puppies like to sleep a lot.
I love puppies!

Spring!
Spring is here!
Spring is in the country.
Spring is in the woods.
Spring is in the city.
Spring is in the fog.
Spring is in the rain.
Spring is everywhere!

Cats
I love cats!
Baby cats are called kittens.
Kissing cats.
Climbing cats!
Good cat!
Standing cat!
Sitting cat!
Doll cat!
Sleeping cat!
Dancing cat!
Soft cat!
Two cat friends for Hannah.
Over cat,
under cat!
Looking cat!
Twin cats!
Cat in a bag!
The End

Motorcycles are Cool
Motorcycles are used for fun and transportation.
Some motorcycles are used for racing.
Some motorcycles are just cool to look at.
Some motorcycles have giant wheels.
Some motorcycles are small enough to drive between two cars!
Some police officers ride motorcycles when they are working.
The first motorcycle was made in 1885.
Harley-Davidson is a store where you can buy motorcycles.
You should always wear a helmet when you ride a motorcycle.
Motorcycles are cool!

Empire State Building
Empire State Building
The Empire State Building is a skyscraper.
It is located in New York City.
Some people go to work there.
Some people go to visit.
It is a long elevator ride to the top.
There are 102 floors.
You can look down, but you do not have to.
You can see far away.
Some people like to look at it at night.
The color of the lights often change.
It was built in 1931.
And it is still a beautiful building.

Lacrosse Photos
James' Lacrosse Book
The purple player is pushing the white player from behind while going for the ball with his stick.
The defense has gained possession of the ball and is passing it upfield to a midfielder.
The orange team is practicing before a scrimmage.
The white player is diving to shoot the ball past the opponent's goalie.
The Michigan lacrosse player is cradling up the field.
The kids are scrimmaging and trying to gain possession of the ball.
The Virginia Tech player is starting to pass the defender to score a goal.
An Arizona player has been shoved down onto the artificial grass.
The blue team's defense man has fallen on top of one of whites' attack men in the dust.
The dark team's man is starting to go for the ground ball.  Instead of wearing cleats, he is wearing tennis shoes.
The dark team's goalie shot up to try to block the shot.  But, he has missed the block.
North Carolina's goalie has just been shot on and had better save the ball or he will be sore for awhile.

Let's go to the Zoo!
The panda bear looks sad.
The koala bear is sleepy.
The monkey is hanging around.
The leopard has spots.
The wolf smells something!
The turtle shows us his mouth. Where are his teeth?
The silly polar bear is eating a carrot.
The deer shows us her pretty eye.
The bird is going to fly.
Hi there, Mr. Beaver. Is that your home?

Butterflies
Butterflies
Butterflies start as caterpillars.
The caterpillar builds a cocoon.
The butterfly emerges from the cocoon!
Freedom!

At the fair
We can go to the fair!
We can ride on the big ferris wheel!
We can ride on the big swings.
We can ride on the little train.
We can eat cotton candy. Yum! Yum!
We can ride on the roller coaster!
We can ride on the merry-go-round!
We can ride on the bumper cars.
I can go fast!
We can go down the big slide.
We can see animals.
We can see a llama.
We can see a pig.
We can see goats.

Our Story About Wolves
I love wolves!
My wolf has gray fur.
My wolf likes to howl in the woods.
My wolf likes to hang out with his friends.
My wolf has really big teeth and crazy eyes!
My wolf lives in the woods.
My wolf can be very scary!
I love my wolf! THE END!

Central Park
Central Park is in
New York City.
Central Park is located in Manhattan.
More than 25 million people visit each year.
There are lots of things to do in the park.
You can sit and rest,
or go for a ride on the merry-go-round.
There are lots of statues,
and people to see.
You can go ice skating,
or visit the Central Park Zoo.
You can go for a walk, ride a boat,
or listen to music.
There is so much to do.
You will have to visit again.

Farm Sounds
Farm Sounds
Cows say, "Moo!"
Pigs say, "Oink!"
Sheep say, "Baaa!"
Horses say, "Neigh!"
Ducks say, "Quack!"
Goats say, "Maaa!"
Chickens say, "Cluck!"
The End!

Community Jobs
Police officers help us.
Firefighters put out fires.
Doctors help us when we are sick.
Sanitation workers help keep our city clean.
Dentists keep our teeth healthy.
A chef makes good food for us to eat.
Construction workers build things for us.
Farmers grow the food we eat.
Cashiers help us check out at stores.
Teachers help us learn.

There Goes a Superhero!
Look at all the superheroes!
There goes Batman!
There goes The Flash!
There goes Spiderman!
There goes Superman!
There goes Wolverine!
Break time!
There goes The Hulk!
There goes Wonder Woman!
There goes Thor!
So many superheroes!

Walker of the Moonlight
Night walker.
Is it a curse or is it a blessing?
As the moon rises, I turn into the wolf.
This comes with emotions that are uncontrollable.
But also with this comes great speed and strength.
Am I the hero?
Or the villain?
The choice is still mine but it will not be an easy one.

Winter
It is very cold in the winter time.
Be sure to dress warmly.
After you get dressed, you will be ready to play in the snow!
One of the things most kids like to do is sled...
or build a snowman.
After you come in from the cold, you can drink a warm cup of hot chocolate.

Smoking Isn't Cool!
This is what can happen to our environment. If you don't smoke, then there won't be butts all over the streets.
Smoking is just another word for DEATH!
When you are smoking, the people around are saying, "Why am I hanging out with this person?"
Athletes who smoke will not end up healthy with their career.
This does not look cool!
Quitting smoking is the best way to save your life!
No children or ANYONE should be served tobacco!
If you smoke a pack a day, it will cost you $35 a week! You could be a millionaire if you don't smoke!
You could live in this, if you don't smoke!
Smoking kills everyone around you! Don't waste your life on someone else!

Baseball
Baseball is a well known sport around the world.
Many people of all ages play it.
The athletes that play pro baseball get paid the most out of all sports.
It's a really fun sport.
Now girls started playing this sport, but it is called softball, which is basically the same thing.
Some get to pitch the "first pitch" in a MLB game.

MOTHER
Mother
Hugs
Touch
Pretty
Helps
Happy
Kisses
Plays
Tickles
Love

MOM
Mom
Kisses
Silly
Smile
Sing
Happy
Touch
Love

Zack's Spaceship
Zack went shopping for spaceships. He likes this one.
He likes this one, too.
He might buy this one.
He might test-drive this one.
He really likes this one.
He could take the whole family on this one.
This one might be a bit too small.
But this one is perfect...SOLD!

A Tale of Two People
This is a book about two amazing people, named Ruth and Homer.
They were born in the 1920s, when cars looked like this.
Homer's family were ranchers in New Mexico and Arizona.
Ruth's family were farmers in Iowa.
After they married, they moved to Illinois and raised a family.
Ruth was a school teacher.
Homer was a fisheries biologist.
Now they live in North Carolina, to be near many of their grandchildren.
They both love to travel.  They have been to all 50 states of the U.S.
Homer and Ruth have traveled all over the world and made friends in many countries.
They visited Spain.
They went to Yugoslavia.
Homer went to China.
But one of their favorite places is Arizona.
They love the Sonoran Desert.
They love the big Saguaro cacti, with lots of animals living in them.
They love the mountains,
and the big, big sky.
They love the flowers in the mountain meadows,
and the beautiful mountain streams.
Homer loves to go fishing in any mountain stream he can find.
They love the animals that live in Arizona,
like jackrabbits,
antelope,
and Bighorn Sheep.
Arizona is a beautiful place.
Ruth and Homer are beautiful people.  I am very proud to be their daughter.

Our Trip to the Park
I like to play at the park.
I have fun on the slide!
The slide is fast!
A  tire swing is fun.
A tire swing can turn around and around!
How high can you swing?
I will share my swing.
I am  "King of the Jungle!"
I am a princess stuck in a castle!
I am Spiderman, and I save the princess!
I am a monkey! Ooh Ooh Ooh ah ah ah!
I could be a tightrope walker in the circus!
The ducks eat bread.
I see fish.
I touch a fish! It is slimy!
The park makes me happy.
At our park, we can do lots of stuff.  We can pretend to be someone else.

Happy Mother's Day
Happy Mother's Day
This flower is pink.
This flower is blue.
This flower is yellow.
This flower is red.
This flower is white.
All of these flower are just for you.

Am Words
I see a clam.
I see Spam.
I see ham.
I see jam.
I see Pam.
I see Sam.
I see a ram.

Our F Book
Ff
F is for ferret.
F is for feather.
F is for fish.
F is for the number four.
F is for fruit.
F is for french fries.
F is for fly.
F is for fire.
F is for Mr. Franks.
F is for fingers.
F is for fountain.
F is for fiddle.
F is fan.
F is football players.
F is for feet.
F is for flower.
Ff

The Elephant's Habitat
The elephant's habitat has a pond and some grasslands.
You can see a reflection of the big elephant in the pond.
There are lily pads and green grasses floating on the pond.
Elephants need to drink lots of water.
They feed on the grasses in their habitat.
An elephant's habitat is important for their survival.

Butterflies
I see many different butterflies.
I see a blue butterfly.
I see a yellow butterfly.
I see a black and white butterfly.
I see a spotted butterfly.
I see a blue butterfly.
I see an orange butterfly.
I see a blue butterfly.
I see a red butterfly.

Puffins
Puffins are carnivores, meaning they eat meat.
They eat tiny fish called sand lance.
They usually carry about 10 fish in their mouths.  The record is 62 fish!
To catch their food, puffins dive down into the water hundreds of feet below the surface.
Their wings help them swim underwater.

Sally the Kitten
by Amelia and Grace
Once upon a time, there was a kitten named Sally.
She was lost! She did not know where her home was.
She looked everywhere and finally she found a dog!
His name was Henry. He was a pug. He said, "I'll take you to your house."
So, he led Sally to her home and she lived happily ever after.

If I Were a Seed
If  I  were  a  seed,  someone  would  plant  me  in  the  ground.
Then  they  would  water  me  and  give  me  sunlight.
After  a  few  days,  I  would  grow  into  a  small  stem.
Then  I  would  grow  to  be  a  little  bigger.  Next,  I  would  grow  leaves.
Last,  I  would  have  a  big  flower  on  me.  Someone  would  come  pick  and  smell  me.
I  would  be  put  in  a  vase  with  water  and  soil.  They  would  have  to  put  me  in  a  sunny  spot.
After  a  few  weeks,  I  would  die.  After,  I  died  that  would  be  the  end  of  me!

The Seed
One day I woke up, and I was a seed. Everything was big, but I was small.
My mom, dad, and brother laughed at me.
Then I started to cry.
I went to sleep, and I never woke up again.

Butterfly
When  I  discovered I  was  a  butterfly,   everything  was  brown.
I  saw  a  caterpillar  and  it  got  on  me.  It  tickled  me.
Then  a  butterfly  came  on  a  flower   and  ate  the  pollen.
Then  I  saw  a  bird.
It  scared  the  butterfly  away.

Christmas
My brother and I always go to my aunt’s house for Christmas.
We open my presents.
I wish it was Christmas every day!

Baby Manatees
A baby manatee is called a calf.  Female manatees are called cows.
Cows have one calf every 2-5 years.
When a manatee is born, it can swim within 1 hour.
Baby manatees weigh between 60 and 70 pounds.
The skin of a newborn calf is almost black but changes to grey within a month.
A manatee calf nurses from its mother’s flipper.
Within a few weeks, calves will start to eat plants.
The calf will stay with its mother for up to two years.
The mother teaches the calf about warm water spots, good places to eat, and migration routes.

The Greedy Bear
There was a very greedy bear.
He didn't want to eat any honey because he didn't find it sweet enough.
He went to look for some food in a house.
He ate lots of biscuits and lots of chocolate.
Then he had a stomachache.
From that day on, he decided he would eat only honey.

Daniel's Dog Book
Dogs come in many shapes, sizes and colors.
Here is a black dog.
This golden retriever is whitish-yellow now, but may get more yellowish-brown as it gets older.
A smug pug relaxes.
Dogs love to have the wind in their faces when they ride in the car.
Here is a puppy.  A puppy is a very young dog.
I think this dog is bored.
Huskies live where it is cold and snowy.
Snow makes them really happy.
A small white dog with black spots.
Here is a medium sized dog that is brown and white.
Two cool black labs!
Oh, my!
Some dogs have curly, curly hair.
Some get shaved to make them look a certain way.
Many dogs love to swim. Not all of them like to jump from a rock!
These dogs took a swim.  I think they are getting in trouble.
Shake-a-
shake-a-shake-a! Dogs shake to get the extra water off and begin drying.
Relaxing in front of the fire.  Aahhhh!
Hound dogs in their cage still can't stop sniffing!
Nose cleaning is a favorite thing for dogs to do after they have eaten.
Playing catch is another favorite activity of dogs.
Happy, happy, joy, joy!  It's great to be a dog!

My Lizard
One day, I caught my lizard. It was wide.
My dad carried the cage.
It was camouflaged. It was hard to see.
I put it in the cage, and then I went inside my house.

Marine Mammals
A mammal is an animal that is warm-blooded, has hair, and has live babies.
Some mammals live in the ocean.  They are called ocean or marine mammals.
Seals are marine mammals.
Dolphins are marine mammals.
Even sea otters are marine mammals.
This one is cleaning its fur.
Someone is getting a gray whale, another mammal that lives in the ocean.
Belugas are ocean mammals.
Here are two belugas swimming with a bowhead whale.
Orcas are sometimes called killer whales.  They are also mammals that live in the ocean.
A narwhal is a marine mammal with a horn like a unicorn.
Walruses are also marine mammals.
Marine mammals are like land mammals, only they live in the ocean.
They are warm-blooded animals with hair, who give birth to live babies.

Food Groups
We eat food from many food groups.
Fruits make up one food group.
Mmmm! This includes apples, oranges, grapefruit, pears, bananas, and kiwi.
Strawberries are my favorite fruit!
I really like eating fruit.
Another group is the 
vegetable's group.
Many people grow vegetables in their garden.
Vegetables are very healthy to eat.
The dairy group includes milk. Milk comes from cows.
Milk is my favorite drink!
Yogurt is in the dairy group.
Cheese is another food in the dairy group. There are many different kinds of cheese.
Meats make up the "Protein" group. Peanut butter is in this group, too.
Eggs have protein. They are in the same group as meat.
The grain group has bread and cereal in it.
Spaghetti and other pasta are in the grain group.
Candy and cookies are sweets. These are yummy to eat but not healthy choices.
Instead, we could grab an apple for a snack!
It is important to eat healthy every day!

Day in the Life of the Average Jawa
At the start of the day, the Jawas wander aimlessly through the desert.
They are still wandering.
They capture any droids they find along the way,
and bring it with them.
In the evening, they search through junk yards,
and boost anything valuable over the fence.
Late in the evening, the Jawas sell the junk and droids they found to various strangers throughout the desert,
and then return to wandering aimlessly through the desert.

If a Duck Could Drive...
What if a duck could drive?
Would his whole family fit in his car?
Would he need a driver's license?
Would he be able to see over the steering wheel?
Would his feet reach the pedals?
Would he be able to afford a car?
Would he park it in someone's garage?
Would he be able to read the street signs?
Would he know what to do at a STOP sign?
Would he get confused at the traffic lights?
Would he get in a high speed chase?
Would he get a ticket?
Would it be better than walking?
Would it be better than swimming?
Would it be better than flying?
Hmmm...
That's silly!

Tennis
Tennis is cool.
I like tennis. It is a fun game.
She is getting ready to hit the tennis ball.
This kid is playing tennis.
This kid is hitting the ball.
This is the ball. You need a good tennis racket and ball to play tennis.
Tennis is a great workout.
I hope I always get to play tennis.

An Adventure in the Arctic
An Adventure in the Arctic
One night, I went on an adventure to the Arctic.
I saw something hopping very silently. It was a snow rabbit hiding under the snow.
I spied a walrus trying to climb a hill.
I eyed a polar bear listening for other polar bears.
I noticed they all had ice on them except the seal. The seal was chasing the fish. The fish was trying to live.
I asked my mom if I could go again. My mom said, “Yes!!” I said, “Hooray!!!”

I Eat...
I eat spaghetti.
That squirrel has my French fry.
Milk is yummy.
I drink Coke everyday.
Who wants some steak?
I'll have pudding for dessert.

Feeling Part 1
I can feel the  leaves.  They feel soft.
I can feel the seed.  It feels warm.
I can feel the sand on the stairs.  It feels gross.
I can feel the stairs.  They feel hard.
I can feel the railing.  It feels a little cold.
I can feel the stone.  It feels hard.
I can feel the car window.  It feels smooth and nice.  
I'm going to drive away!

Blue's Clues
Janette likes Blue's Clues.
Blue is a dog.
Steve is Blue's friend.
Blue and Steve play games inside.
Joe and Blue dance. They are friends.
Magenta and Blue are best friends.
Blue likes to sit on...
a soft red chair!
Blue is sitting on a red chair.
Janette likes Blue's Clues.

All Cats are Different
All cats are different.
This cat likes to stand up like a person.
These cats are mad at each other.
This cat likes to watch fish on the computer screen.
This cat likes to jump.
This cat uses her big eyes to get what she wants.
This cat helps keep the drafts out of the house.
This cat enjoys his food.
These four cats like to work together as a team.
This cat loves to play.
I just want to pick up this cat to cuddle.
This cat likes to sleep.
These cats are friends and they like each other.
This cat likes to slow down and smell the flowers.
This cat is really paying attention.
These cats like to share their space with each other.
This cat loves to fly.

Mygalomorphae Spiders
This is a Sydney funnel-web spider.
The funnel-web spider is going to eat a bug!
The funnel-web is going to bite you if you touch it!
The lady is screaming!
The spider is in Mrs. Parker's house!
Do you see the spider's fangs?
This is a tarantula.
There are so many different kinds of Mygalomorphae spiders. Hope you like this book. May God bless you.

Flowers
I like flowers!
I like to walk in a garden.
The sunflower is good.
The rose is growing.
The purple flower is growing.

Dominique's J Book
J is for jeans.
J is for jacket.
J is for jump rope.
J is for jelly beans.
J is for jack-o-lantern.
J is for jelly.
J is for juice.

Simple Machines
Simple machines are tools that make work easier.
A wheel with an axle is a simple machine.
This bicycle is an example of a wheel with an axle.
This turbine gear is another example of a wheel with an axle.
A lever uses a bar and a fulcrum to lift or move things more easily.
A see-saw is an example of a lever.
A bottle opener is a type of lever.
An inclined plane has a slanted surface. It is easier to move something up or down.
A wheelchair ramp is an inclined plane that helps people get into and out of buildings.
Stairs are another form of inclined planes.
A pulley is a simple machine that uses a rope and wheel to lift things up and down more easily.
A fishing pole is an example of a pulley.
Sailboats have many pulleys to hoist the sails.
We use simple machines everyday!

Spiders
Spiders
Spiders have 8 legs.
Spiders have many eyes.
Spiders have fangs.
Spiders make webs.
Spiders eat bugs.
Spiders lay eggs.
We like spiders!

Little Gorilla
Once there was a Little Gorilla,
and everybody loved him.
His mother loved him.
His father loved him.
His aunts and uncles loved Little Gorilla.
His grandma loved him.
His grandpa loved him.
Even his playful cousin loved Little Gorilla.
Red Parrot in his tree,
and Monkey in her tree, both loved Little Gorilla.
Pink butterfly, flying through the forest, loved Little Gorilla.
Boa Constrictor thought Little Gorilla was nice.
Giraffe, walking tall through the forest, was there when Little Gorilla needed him.
Young Elephant and Old Elephant came to see him.
Old Elephant gave Little Gorilla a shower when he was hot.
Hippo took him wherever he wanted to go.
Lion even let Little Gorilla pull his tail to hear him roar.
And then one day something happened.
Little Gorilla began to grow!
He grew, and grew, and one day . . .
Little Gorilla was big!
And everybody came, and everybody sang, "Happy Birthday, Little Gorilla!"
And everybody still loved him.

My Dad Got Injured!
Here is my dad.
My dad got a concussion by jumping out of a jet.
I felt sorry for him . He had a lot of stress.
He drove home.
After a couple of days, he felt much better.
I felt happy and had a fun day.

Osman's Favourite Things
Osman likes string.
Osman likes crackers and cheese.
Osman likes his friends.
Osman likes long grass.
Osman likes chocolate cookies.

Pretty Flowers
Yellow flowers.
Pink flowers.
Pink and purple flowers.
Red flowers.
Pink flowers.
Red and white flowers.
Purple and orange flowers.
Yellow and pink flowers.
Purple flowers.
Pink and white flowers.
Purple and yellow flowers.
Orange and yellow flowers.
Yellow flowers.
Purple flowers.
We like pretty flowers.

CATS
The kitten is sad.
This kitten is small.
This kitten is mad.
This kitten is tired.
Bye.

Some Cars are...
Some cars are small.
Some cars are big.
Some cars are new.
Some cars are old.
Some cars are fast.
Some cars are slow.
Some cars are cool.
Some cars are not!

The Minnesota State Fair
The Minnesota State Fair runs for 12 days.
The last day of the fair is Labor Day.
At the Minnesota State Fair, you will see lots of animals.
There is even a street named after famous racehorse, Dan Patch.
There are lots of baby animals, too.
You can also go on rides in the Midway.
At the state fair, there are big concerts in the grandstand.
You can eat many different foods on a stick!
There are lots of other treats, too.
There is even an all-you-can-drink milk booth.
The state fair is fun for everyone!

Changing
Crawling
Changing
Hatching
Flying
Planting
Growing
Watering
Swimming
Changing
Hopping

Soccer
Soccer is a sport.
It's played with a round ball.
A soccer team has 11 players.
We play soccer on the oval.
You kick the ball with your  feet.
We wear soccer  boots.
I like  to  watch  soccer.

Aussie Rules Football
You kick the ball.
You  hand-pass  the ball.
You mark the ball.
They play football on an oval.
There are 14 teams in the A.F.L.
I like watching football.

The Busy Spider
A story about a very busy spider.
One sunny day...
A spider jumped on a fence.
"Neigh, neigh," said the horse.
"Do you want to come for a ride?"
"No, I'm working."
"Moo, moo," said the cow.
"Do you want to eat some grass?"
"No, I'm working."
"Baa, baa," said the sheep.
"Do you want to run?"
"No, I'm working."
"Maa, maa," said the goat.
"Do you want to jump?"
"No, I'm working."
"Oink, oink," said the pig.
"Do you want to play in the mud?"
"No, I'm working."
"Woof, woof," said the dog.
"Do you want to chase a cat?"
"No, I'm working."
"Meow, meow," said the cat.
"Do you want to sleep?"
"No, I'm working."
"Quack, quack," said the duck.
"Do you want to swim?"
"No, I'm waiting."
"Cluck, cluck," said the chicken.
"Do you want to catch a fly?"
Surprise! The spider caught the fly and ate him up.
"Whoo, whoo," said the owl.
"Who made this beautiful web?"
The spider just slept. It had been a very, very, very busy day.

Kyle Likes
Kyle Likes by Miss Coleman and Kyle
Kyle likes to play on the computer.
Kyle likes to eat cheddar cheese pretzel Combos.
Kyle likes to play with cats!
Kyle likes to play on the playground.

Animals
Tommy likes to pet cats.
Donnie's favorite spider is a long-jawed orb weaver.
Courtney likes all kinds of horses.
Marty likes to play with dogs.
Dustin likes to watch monkeys play.
Pairalee enjoys looking at big elephants in the water.
Johnathan's lions are saying, "Hello, brother!"
Ruben says iguanas are fun to watch.  They eat flies with their tongue.
Karaline sees fish swimming.
Megan is scared of bears in the woods.
Alex likes to touch starfish.
Tiffany laughs when polar bears play.
Mrs. Parker thinks giraffes are awesome!
Mrs. Fay enjoys watching bluebirds nesting.
Ms. Dee's favorite pet is a guinea pig.
Mrs. Betty thinks wolves are fascinating.
Mrs. Stacie smiles slyly when she sees the seal slip slowly into the sea.  Mrs. Stacie knows alliteration!!
There are all kinds of animals.  We each have our favorite.  What is yours?

Tristan's Shark Book
My book about sharks.
The shark is opening his mouth.
This shark is smiling.
This shark is angry.
The shark is going to eat the fish.
This is a megalodon shark.
The megalodon shark is going to eat the whales.
This shark is sad.
This is an oceanic white tip shark.
This shark is going to eat the white tip shark.
I like this car.

My Favorite Sport
I like basketball.
This is the Staples Center for the Los Angeles Lakers.
This is Michael Jordan for the Chicago Bulls.
The men play on the team.
The referee blows the whistle.
He dribbles the ball.
He is reaching for the basket.
He is running with the basketball.
He shoots. He scores!
Basketball is fun!

Rain Forest
There are two types of rain forests: temperate and tropical.
A tropical rain forest is found in South America.
A temperate rain forest is found in New Zealand.
Rain forests act as the world's thermostat.
The rain forest is home to 50% of the Earth's plants and animals.
There are 150 species of butterflies in the rain forests.
The sloth moves so slowly in the rain forest.
The red-eyed tree frog is little.  He fits on your thumb.
There are many fish living in the rivers in the rain forest.
The piranha live in the rivers  (advice: stay out of the water!).
The rain forest provides us with coffee.
The rain forest has medicinal and nutritive values and is important to everyone.

John
John lives in New York. He makes maple syrup.
He makes 500 gallons in three minutes.
He delivers it in New York,
Hawaii,
Canada,
Massachusetts,
and Maine in five minutes.

Tree Frogs
Tree frogs can hang on trees.
They have sticky feet.
Tree frogs live in the forest.
Tree frogs can jump up into trees.
I like tree frogs. They are so cool!

Lion, Lion
Lion, Lion, what do you see? I see a ...
Hippopotamus, Hippopotamus, what do you see? I see a ...
Panda Bear, Panda Bear, what do you see? I see a ...
Otter, Otter, what do you see? I see a ...
Penguin, Penguin, what do you see? I see a ...
Zebra, Zebra, what do you see I see a ...
Monkey, Monkey, what do you see? I see a ...
Elephant, Elephant, what do you see? I see ...
Children looking at me!

Tiger, Tiger
Tiger, Tiger, what do you see? I see a ...
Wolf, Wolf, what do you see? I see a ...
Giraffe, Giraffe, what do you see? I see a...
Polar Bear, Polar Bear, what do you see? I see a ...
Meerkat, Meerkat, what do you see? I see a ...
Gorilla, Gorilla, what do you see? I see a ...
Parrot, Parrot, what do you see? I see ...
Children looking at me.

How to Make a Sandwich!
When I am making a sandwich, I take out the bread.
When I am making a sandwich, I put mayonnaise on the bread.
When I am making a sandwich, I put mustard on the bread.
When I am making a sandwich, I put turkey, ham or salami on the bread.
When I am making a sandwich, I put tomato, lettuce or onion on the bread.
When I am making a sandwich and I am all done, I eat it!!!

Basketball
A basketball.
A basketball court.
A backboard and a hoop.
An outside court.
Sneakers.
Players.

Birds in New Jersey
The Goldfinch is New Jersey's state bird.
The Bald eagle is seen in New Jersey.
Turkeys run wild in New Jersey.
Seagulls can be seen at the beach and in parking lots.
Cardinals are a beautiful sight.
A robin is one of the first signs that spring is here!
Blue jays make their nests in the trees.

Cleveland Browns
The Cleveland Browns are from Cleveland, Ohio.
The Cleveland Browns' mascot is a dog.
This is Brady Quinn. He used to be the quarterback for the Cleveland Browns.
This shows the Cleveland Browns' home field.
The guy is wearing a football helmet mask.
This is the Cleveland Browns' new helmet in the Hall of Fame.
The Cleveland Browns' helmet is on a Christmas ornament.
This is a picture of Jim Brown for the Cleveland Browns. He was an old player.
This is the Cleveland Browns vs the Pittsburgh Steelers game.
This is the Cleveland Browns' player #24.
The End

Field Trip to Crow's Nest Farm
We went to Crow's Nest Farm.
We went on a bus.
We saw cows.
We saw a cow being milked.
We pet goats.
We went on a hayride.
We saw ostriches eating.
We saw big pigs.
We saw pretty peacocks.
We saw chickens running.
My favorite part was...

Cars
Cars by Michael
I see a rusty car.
I see a wet car.
I see a fast car.
I see an old car.
I see a shiny car.
I see a new car.
I see a dirty car.
I see a race car.
I see a soapy car.
I see a funny car.
I see a broken car.
I see a tiny car.
I see a fancy car.
There are many different cars!

My Life as Cookie Monster
My name is Cookie Monster. I love cookies!
I like shopping with Elmo!
These are some of my friends.
Sometimes I get silly.
Can you find me?
I love to dance!!

A Rainbow of Fish
A Rainbow of Fish! by Dani
The manta ray is blue.
The goldfish are red.
This fish is yellow.
The starfish are pink and purple.
This fish is blue.
The clownfish is orange.
The fish eggs are brown.
The seahorse is green.
The jellyfish are white.
This fish is black.
Fish are very colorful.

B is for Bike
B
is for bike.
H
is for helmet.
S
is for stop.
C
is for crosswalk.

Seals
A grey seal.
A wild seal.
A leopard seal.
A brown seal.
A big seal.
A fat seal.
A sleepy seal.
A baby seal.

Descriptions of Antarctica
Descriptions of Antarctica
Antarctica is cold.
Antarctica has seas.
Antarctica has ships.
Antarctica has ice.
Antarctica has icebergs.
Antarctica is icy.
Antarctica is freezing.

Recipe for Melon Bubbles
Water
First, boil some water.
Jell-O
Watermelon
Club soda
Next, stir in the Jell-O mix, watermelon, and club soda.
Measure Jell-O into bowl.
Mix it.

Food ABC's
A for apple.
B for banana.
C for cranberry.
D for doughnut.
E for egg.
F for French fry.
G for grapes.
H for hamburger.
I for ice-cream.
J for jelly.
K for kiwi.
L for lima beans.
M for mashed potatoes.
N for nutmeg.
O for oranges.
P for popsicles.
R for radish.
S for syrup.
T for tomato.
U for unleavened bread.
V for vegetables.
W for watermelon.
Y for yellow squash.
Z for zucchini.

I Like Baseball
I like to play baseball.
I like to watch live baseball on TV.
I play baseball at Dell Diamond in Round Rock, Texas.
I play catcher behind the plate.
It is important to hit and catch the baseball when you play.
Professional baseball players are good. They do not cheat!
Being a spectator is lots of fun. We get to interact throughout the game.
I especially like to watch fireworks after the game.

By the Sea
The ocean is big.
Jellyfish live in the ocean.
Turtles swim in the ocean.
Seals are in the oceans.

Spring
I love spring.
I like when the flowers bloom.
Picking flowers is so much fun!
I also love the Red Sox.
The Red Sox play at Fenway Park in the spring.
My mom, dad and I are going to take a bus to the Red Sox game.
I am going to eat fried dough at the game.
Popsicles are something I like to eat in the spring.
Popsicles are delicious to eat outside with my class.
It is a great treat when we eat them outside.
Spring is great!

Ana's I Like Story
I like books.
I like pom-poms.
I like pizza.
I like to play on the piano.
I like to ride bikes with Nick.
I like Star Wars.

High School Musical
Gabriella and Troy like each other.
Sharpay is not getting along with her friends.
Troy and Gabriella are sitting on the stage and they are talking.
Someone is getting the High School Musical movie.
High School Musical 3 staff will be Celeste, Maddy and Marie!

I Want to be a Policeman
I want to be a policeman.
I give him a ticket.
I like working with my dog.
I drive a a police car.

My Three Wishes
I found a lamp and rubbed it.
A genie came out and gave me 3 wishes.
I got 100 million dollars.
I got a house with a pool.
The car has terrific rims .

We Feel...
We feel happy when we watch movies.
We feel mad when we get hungry.
We feel silly when we get tickles.
We feel sad when we get sick.
We feel scared when someone is angry.
We have lots of feelings, but best of all, we like to feel happy!

I Can Braid Hair
I love doing hair.
I braid hair.
When you see my braids, you will love them.
She adored her hair.
It can be long.
It can be short.
It is beautiful.
It's fun to braid hair.

Animals Eating
What do animals eat?
Squirrels eat nuts.
Mice eat seeds.
Butterflies eat nectar from flowers.
Ducks eat leaves.
Horses eat grass.
Some dogs eat bones.
But... cats should not drink Coca Cola!

Spring Things!
Flowers in spring!
What a pretty thing!
Kite in the sky!
Kites flying high!
Line of colored kites.
Kites flying at night.
Let's make a face!
This isn't a race.
Swinging up, up, up.
Sun shining up above.
Make a splash!
Do a jump!
Dogs can't dive...
or drive!
What a nice day for a stroll!

Can You Guess the Season?
There are four seasons you will see.  Can you guess which one I might be?
Hot sunshine with flowers everywhere--I wish I could find some very cold air!  What season am I?
Did you guess summer?
The earth is cold and full of ice. To be inside is very nice!
What season am I?
Did you guess winter?
The leaves change colors and fall to the ground.  What is happening all around?  
What season am I?
Did you guess autumn?
The earth is  warm.  The earth is new.  Look at the sky.  It is  so blue.  
What season am I?
Did you guess spring?
Which is your favorite:  summer, winter, autumn, or spring?
Please tell me this one thing!

What Am I?
What am I?
I have spotty skin.
My eyes are good for looking for my prey.
I have a big, long tongue and sharp teeth.
I can run very fast.
My babies are called cubs.
What am I?
I am a jaguar.

What Am I?
What am I?
I have a long trunk and tusks made out of ivory.
I have floppy ears.
I have little eyes.
I have big feet with big toenails.
I have wrinkly skin.
I have a short, skinny tail. It helps to wave the flies away.
I eat plants.
What am I?
I am an elephant.

Arbor Day Book
Arbor Day Book
Arbor Day is a great day to enjoy all the trees.
Students enjoy looking at the trees.
The students counted trees for fun.
There were lots and lots of trees to count!
There are so many trees everywhere!
Wow!  Trees can be really tall.

The Dangerous Crocodile
The Nile crocodile is usually found in rivers.
The crocodiles glide through the water to catch their prey.
Crocodiles like to bask in the sun to get warm.
After they warm up, they can jump up for prey!
Crocodiles like to hide and then pounce on their prey!
Crocodiles live in African rivers and mangroves.
Crocodiles live with their babies for 2 years.
Crocodiles can grow up to 20 feet long.
Crocodiles can live between 70-100 years!
I think crocodiles are amazing!

Chinchillas
Chinchillas are soft.
Chinchillas eat Cheese Nips and pellets.
You can buy a chinchilla at the pet store.
Chinchillas are comfortable.
I like chinchillas!

John Cena the Champ!
This picture was taken when John Cena was the WWE champion.
This is a picture of his background.
John Cena was the WWE unbeaten champion for 3 years until he got injured.
This is Sean Michael. He was John Cena's friend.
This is John Cena in a camouflage hat.
John Cena never backs down from a battle.
This is John Cena doing a finisher move.
This is John doing his favorite move.

My Day at School
I take the bus to school.
I get to school on time.
I take my morning classes.
I have lunch in the cafeteria.
I have my afternoon classes.
I take the bus home.

Super Synonyms
TOSS.
The baseball player will toss the ball and another player will jump for the ball.
THROW.
Number 7 is going to throw the ball.
BUG.
The lightning bug is lighting up on a tree.
INSECT.
The insect is on a leaf trying to eat a bug.
FAST.
The R8 is going too fast because it is racing somebody.
QUICK.
The S7 is going quickly and it's going to blow out its engine.
DIRTY.
The dog is so dirty because it loves to jump into the mud.
FILTHY.
The people are trying to get filthy by going into the mud.
GIGGLE.
The kid is giggling because the mom made a funny face.
LAUGH.
The girl is laughing because she is on the swing.
HOP.
A frog is hopping off a rock and it got to the other side.
JUMP.
The dog is jumping because the owner tossed a bone.
WINDY.
This is a windy storm in the metro.
BREEZY.
It feels so breezy and hot.
BIG.
This big dog is twice the size of me.
LARGE.
The baby is scared of the large dog.
TIRED.
That cat is tired because he was playing with his friends.
SLEEPY.
That cat is yawning because it is sleepy.

Super Antonyms
WILD.
This lion is a wild animal. Its mane feels soft.
TAME.
The rabbit is tame. It looks like it is cuddly.
ASLEEP.
The cat is asleep because it played games.
AWAKE.
This is a tiger. It is awake and is laying on the edge.
SIT.
The cat is sitting because it ate too much food.
STAND.
The kids are standing so the teacher can take a picture.
COLD.
She is wrapped up because it is cold.
HOT.
The  boy is jumping in the water because he is so hot.
THICK.
The thick burger has a lot of ingredients.
THIN.
The thin sandwich is made of soap.
SLOW.
A sloth is a slow animal. It looks  like it is sleeping.
FAST.
This car is a Lamborghini.  The Lamborghini is a really fast car.
COUNTRY.
The country has a lot of fields and animals.
CITY.
Cities have tall buildings and people like to see them.
WET.
This wet cat is loudly meowing because it fell in a big bathtub.
DRY.
This dry cat is looking at the city.
STRONG.
Superman is so strong he can do anything.
WEAK.
Babies are weak when they are born.
SOFT.
The blanket looks so soft and cozy for the baby.
HARD.
I can put lots of books on this hard table.

Miss Coleman Likes...
Miss Coleman likes to play with her kitten.
Miss Coleman likes puppies.
Miss Coleman's favorite place is Niagara Falls.
Miss Coleman plays volleyball.
Miss Coleman's favorite food is french fries.
Miss Coleman loves her family.
Miss Coleman likes to teach!

Nigeria
Nigeria is on the continent of Africa.
Nigeria is well known for its large population of people.
There are more people in Nigeria than any other country in Africa.
Art is a very important part of the Nigerian culture.
Today, art in Nigeria ranges from sculptures, mask, and paintings. This is a wooden doll.
Music and dance is also an important part of Nigerian art.
They are playing the drum in this picture.
The most popular food eaten by Nigerians are fruits, vegetables, meat, and seafood.
What have you learned about Nigeria?

Year 2 Hope Literacy Day
The father and son are working together to crack the dinosaur hunt.
She isn't the only one who's having fun!
Here are some more dinosaur hunters.
They're working hard in arts and crafts time!
Smile for the camera.
They are all working together.
A father and daughter made a dino.
They are working together.
Working on dinosaurs is so cool.

Year 3's Dads and Literacy Day
First, the students went on a dinosaur hunt.
Then, the students came back to read with their special visitors.
After that, the students came back to play some dino games on the computer.
Their dads helped them solve the dino puzzles.
The students had lots of fun.
After the students played on the computer, they came back and did some work.
The students' dads helped the students with their work.
Everyone had lots of fun.
Lastly, the kids went to the book fair.
The students had a brilliant morning.
"What a great day!"

Pinewood Derby
The Pinewood Derby is with the Boy Scouts.
The Pinewood Derby has a lot of cars.
The Pinewood Derby is a race.
The Pinewood Derby has a start line.
The Pinewood Derby has a finish line.
The Pinewood Derby was spectacular!!!

What am I?
What am I?
I have a forked tongue.
I have scaly skin.
I can have different colours.
I have a long body.
I can be tiny or big.
My eyes are on the side of my head.
What am I?
I am a snake.

We are Recycling.
We are recycling.
We are recycling cardboard.
We are recycling glass.
We are recycling aluminum cans.
We are recycling plastic.
We are recycling metal.
We are recycling paper.
We are helping the planet by recycling.

Wild Horses
Wild horses running.
Wild horses have to find their own food.
Wild horses can be white, brown, black, or gray.
Wild horses can be very shy.
Wild horses sleep outside.
Wild horses cannot hide from storms.
Wild horses have families, too.
Wild horses live all over the world.

What am I?
What am I?
I have big eyes.
I have a long tail.
I eat bananas.
I have hands, just like people.
I live with my family.
What am I?
I am a monkey.

Motorcycles are Awesome
Motorcycles are awesome!
It's fun to ride dirt bikes.
Where does the rider sit on this motorcycle?
This rider needs to reach straight up to steer this motorcycle.
This is called a chopper.
These are police motorcycles.
This one looks like a flying saucer.
This blue motorcycle is in a showroom.
The rider must lean far forward to ride this motorcycle.
This is one hot tricycle for a big boy.
This old motorcycle looks like a firetruck.
Motorcycles are awesome!

All About Texas
Welcome to Texas, the Lone Star State.
Every spring, Bluebonnets, the state flower of Texas, bloom across the landscape.
The Mockingbird is our state bird. Mockingbirds love to mimic sounds and dive at cats!
The Pecan Tree is our state tree. Can you guess what grows on a Pecan Tree?
The Yellow Rose of Texas is lovely.
Houston is the most populated city in Texas. It is located along the Gulf Coast and is a very international city!
Houston is home to The Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo, the largest rodeo in the United States!
Austin is the state capital and is home to The University of Texas Longhorns!
LOOK, A REAL TEXAS LONGHORN!!!!
Texans will ALWAYS remember the Alamo!
Texas is famous for its delicious Tex-Mex Cuisine!
Hope to see YA'LL real soon!

The Life of a Butterfly
These are butterfly eggs.
The caterpillar emerges from the egg.
The caterpillar eats lots and lots of leaves.
The caterpillar makes a chrysalis.
The butterfly emerges from the chrysalis.
The butterfly dries its wings.
The butterfly looks for a place to lay its eggs, and the cycle begins again.

FUN DAY!!!
On Friday, we are having Fun Day!
On Fun Day, I want to run in the relay race. Darius
On Fun Day, I will hop in the sack race.
Cassie
On Fun Day, I will kick the soccer ball!
Jacob
On Fun Day, I will be eating a popsicle.
J.D.
On Fun Day, I will throw the softball.
Hi-may
On Fun Day, I will be enjoying our picnic party!
Elizabeth.
On Fun Day, I'm looking forward to seeing my friends.
Ty
On Fun Day, I hope that it is sunny.
Ms. Marini
On Fun Day, I hope it rains.
Mr. Bare
On Fun Day, I'm looking forward to the egg race.
Ms. Icenhour

Come Play
Come play with me!
I'm going to play baseball. Come play with me!
I'm going to play video games. Come play with me!
I'm going to play football. Come play with me!
I'm going to play basketball. Come play with me!
I'm going to go swimming...
Jump in with me!

Minnesota
Minnesota is the state we live in.
Our state bird is the Loon.
The Loon is a water bird.
Our state fish is the Walleye Pike.
Walleyes live and swim in lakes.
Our state butterfly is the Monarch.
Monarch butterflies like flowers.
Our state flower is a Lady Slipper.
The Lady Slipper is pink and white.
Our state grain, wild rice, grows in lakes.
Wild rice is good to eat.
Our state tree is a Red Pine.
Do you see the bark on the Red Pine's trunk?
Our state muffin is blueberry.
Our state apple is the Honeycrisp.
We live in the state of Minnesota.

Habitats
Habitats are where we live.
People live in houses.
Frogs live in ponds.
Polar bears live in Antarctica, where it is cold.
Worms and caterpillars live in trees and the soil.
Birds suck nectar from flowers.
Fish live in water.

I Dream of Riding on a Train
I dream of riding a train.
I dream of riding a black train.
I dream of riding a fast train.
I dream of riding a slow train.
I dream of riding a train in the snow.
I dream of riding a train with a lot of smoke.
I dream of riding a train at night.
In my dreams, I ride a train until morning.

S Book
S is for sailboat.
S is for spaghetti.
S is for strawberry.
S is for soup.
S is for sunset.
S is for spoons.
S is for snake.
S is for spider.
S is for sandwich.
S is for sleep.
S is for salad.
School's out. Sensational!!

What Does Cheetah do?
What Does Cheetah do?
by: James
Cheetah climbs.
Cheetah walks.
Cheetah runs.
Cheetah kisses.
Cheetah yawns.
Cheetah sees.
Cheetah sleeps.
Cheetah protects.
Cheetah plays.
Cheetah eats.
Cheetah smells.
Cheetah hunts.
Cheetah rests.
That's what cheetahs do!

Funny Cats
My cats are funny!
My cats yawn  a lot!
Not again!
Give me my clothes back!
Why can't I have some?
My cats can dance!
My cats like to streeetch!
I'm stuck!
I really love my funny cats.

Having Fun with Dogs
I like to rub my dog on the belly.
My dog runs a lot!
My dog wears jewelry everyday.
My dog likes to read.
My dog likes to play.
Rub my belly please!
I'm getting a picture taken!
I'm jumping over the couch.

Talking to Friends
Hi, Kate. How are you?
Hi, Megan! I'm fine. Thank you. How are you?
Great, thanks! What have you been up to lately?
I've been reading lots of 'Harry Potter' books!
I love Harry Potter.
Oh! I have never read 'Harry Potter.' Why do you like him?
I love magic. What are you into?
I love horses. I love horse riding. It's so much fun.
Wow! That sounds like great fun! I never knew you were into horses!
It was lovely to see you again.

Flowers for Osman
I see a pink flower.
I see a blue and yellow flower.
I see a bee!
I see a small hummingbird.
I see a bee flying.
I see two big flowers.
I see a small lady bug.
I see a hummingbird.
I love flowers in the spring.

The Superbowl Winners 2-1-09
The Steelers were in Super Bowl 43.
This is the "Terrible Towel."
The Steelers beat the Browns.
This is where the Pittsburgh Steelers play.
This is the Steelers' logo.
This is outside of Heinz Field.
Pittsburgh has six rings now. How do you like that now?
This is the quarterback, Big Ben.
This is a nice pass.
Pittsburgh is winning over Baltimore, 35 to 7. Pittsburgh won the game.
Let's go Steelers, let's go!
This is "Sixburgh."'
This is a nice hit.
This is the Steelers' first TD at Heinz Field.
This is Troy Polomolu of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
This is Jeff Reed kicking the ball.
This is the Heinz Field scoreboard.
This is the home town hero, Big Ben.
This is Hines Ward going up for an interception.
That's all folks!

Horses Like to...
Horses Like to...
Horses like to eat.
Horses like to run.
Horses like to play together.
Horses like to rest.
Horses like to sleep.
Good-night.

Jordan and Ninna
Here are Jordan and Ninna.
This is Jordan.
This is Ninna.
Jordan is a Shrek Easter bunny.
Ninna is a funny Easter bunny.
This is the turtle face.
Ninna is so silly!
Jordan looks like a movie star.
Jordan is the next American Idol!
Jordan and Pappy are asleep.  Good night.

I Love School Buses
I like to ride the bus in the winter.
These buses took students on a trip.
This bus may be at a bus stop.
These red lights flash when a student is getting picked up or dropped off.
This student is probably a walker.
Here is a student sitting on the bus.
These buses are waiting for school to end to take the students home.

Flying with Dirt Bikes
I like to jump high on dirt bikes.
I like to win races.
I like the color and the number 7 on this dirt bike.
I like to fly downhill on my dirt bike.
I would love to do no handers off my dirt bike.
Riding dirt bikes is fun.

Basketball
Basketball is cool.
Wow, they can jump high.
Slam dunks are cool.
Here is Michael Jordan.
He was the best.
It's a great summer sport.
The NBA plays in winter.
There is a lot of people that watch basketball.

Hunter
My name is Hunter.
This is my mama and papa.
This is my big brother, Taavo.
This is my brother, Kaelan.
This is my baby brother, Soren.
This is the cake I made for my mom.
I like raspberries.
This is the cake I made for my dad.
I like to swing.
I like to spin.
I like to bounce on my bed.
I love my life.

Toy Story
Toy Story is my favorite movie!
I like Buzz Lightyear.
I like Woody.
I like the boy named Andy in Toy Story.
I like Wheezy.
I like the piggy bank.
I like Mr. Potato Head.
I like the cars.
I like Little Bo Peep.
I like T-Rex.
I like the alien.
I like the soldiers.
I like Mr. Choppers.
I like the dog.
Woody and Jessie are toys.
They were at Al's Toy Barn.
I like Buzz and Woody the most!

My Sesame Street Book
I love to swim!!
I love cookies!
I am Big Bird and this is Oscar the Grouch!
These are my friends.

Rock Bands
Rock bands have singers.
Some singers just sing.
Some singers play the guitar, too.
Some singers dress up.
Girls and boys both sing.
Some singers dance.
Some singers wear sunglasses.
Rock bands have guitar players.
Some guitar players have a mohawk.
Some guitar players are old.
Rock bands have drummers.
Drums are important to rock bands.
Peace out!

These are Places in the World
These are places in the world.
There are big cities.
There are small villages.
These are places in the world.
There are beaches.
There are mountains.
These are places in the world.
Some are cold.
Some are hot.
These are places in the world.
Some have lots of people.
Some have none.
These are places in the world.

Spring Flowers
Tulips
Daisies
Daffodil
Crocuses
Sunflowers
Lily
Rose
Hydrangea

Let's Talk Safety
Out in the community...
we see people working.
They may ask us to STOP!
Or slow down.
Cones may be lined up warning us not
 to cross a line.
Or signal that the floor is wet.  Use caution.
There may be a worker in our way.
We could wait until they are finished doing their job...
Or say, "Excuse me. Could I get by?"
Thank you!
We need to keep our eyes open.
Be aware of what is going on around us.
DANGER means be careful.
KEEP AWAY!
DON'T COME NEAR!
Watch out for ladders. Someone may be on them.
Cones or tripods are put up as a warning to keep away or be careful.
Traffic officers direct people around or away from danger.
Yellow CAUTION tape warns you to stay back!
DO NOT ENTER means don't go in there!
Exit signs show you how to get out of a building.
Remember to keep your eyes open!
Thank you!

What Time is it?
What time is it?
A clock tells us the time.
At 7:00, I get up.
At 8:00, I go to school.
At 12:00, I eat lunch.
At 3:00, I go to recess.
At 6:00, I eat dinner.
At 7:00, I take a bath.
At 8:00, I go to bed.
Do you know what time it is?

American Idol is the Best
American Idol is my favorite TV show.
This is the big stage of American Idol.
Ryan Seacrest is the host of American Idol.
Paula Abdul is the craziest judge.
Randy Jackson says, "Yo Dawg!"
Simon Cowell is a tough judge.
Kara DioGaurdi is the new judge.
Scott MacIntyre is the first contestant with a physical disability.
David Cook was last year's winner.
Allison is my age. I hope she wins this year.

Rattlesnakes
Rattlesnakes have heat-sensing pits.
Rattlesnakes grow a button on their tail as they shed their skin.
Rattlesnakes don't have an eye lens.
A rattlesnake's enemy is a road runner.
A   rattlesnake's tongue helps it  smell.

Q's Favorite Things
This is the Beast!
This is a cow.
This is an elephant.
This is a computer.
I like books.
I like to say hello.

Puggles
Puggles are a mix breed dog.  They are a mix of a pug and a beagle.
Puggles live an average of 10 to 15 years.
Puggles are well behaved with children and are very playful.
Coat color can vary within the same puggle litter.
Some people like puggles because they are small and cute.

My Teacher's Earth Day Birthday
I gave my teacher a planet Earth for her birthday.
I gave Australia to her.
I gave her Africa.
I gave her the pyramids of Egypt in northern Africa.
I gave her the rainforests of South America.
I gave her the tundra animals of Alaska.
I gave her the ice and penguins of Antarctica.
I gave her the polar bears of the North Pole.
I gave her the geese of North America.
For my teacher's Earth Day birthday, I gave her the world!

Quinton's Foods
Quinton likes Pringles.
Quinton likes sour cream and onion chips.
Quinton likes a sandwich.
Quinton likes grapes.
Quinton likes peaches.
Quinton likes peanut butter.
Quinton likes popcorn.
These foods make Quinton smile.

Today is Earth Day!
Today is Earth Day!
I'm going to recycle.
J.D.
I'm going to recycle newspapers. Elizabeth
I'm going to recycle glass bottles.
Darius
I'm going to recycle cans.
Himay
I'm going to recycle plastic bottles.
Ty
I'm going to recycle cardboard. Cassie
I'm not going to litter.
Jacob
I'm going to conserve water.
Ms. Marini
I'm going to plant trees.
Ms. Icenhour
I'm going to conserve energy.
Mr. Bare

Leaping Frogs
This frog is jumping from tree to tree.
Can this frog lift the rock?
This frog is blue like the sky.
People can write about frogs.
He is climbing to look for bugs.
Swimming in the creek water is cool.
This frog is playing hide and seek.
This yellow frog is walking in the rain.
I like drawing pictures of frogs.
This frog likes to leap. He is happy.

New Hampshire
I live in New Hampshire.
New Hampshire is called "The Granite State."
New Hampshire has many lakes.
New Hampshire has tall mountains.
In the summer, I can swim...
or go hiking.
In the winter, I can ride a snowmobile...
or go skiing.
New Hampshire is a great place to live!

Dr. Seuss Books
This is Dr. Seuss.
I like 'The Cat in the Hat.'
This is the cat.
I like 'The Sneetches.'
Some Sneetches have stars.
Some Sneetches have none.
I like 'Green Eggs and Ham.'
Do you like green eggs and ham?
I like 'Oh, the Places You'll Go!'
I like 'Horton Hears A Who!'
I like 'The Lorax.'

At the Mall
At the Mall
There are shopping bags at the mall.
There is money at the mall.
There are shoes at the mall.
There is a food court at the mall.
There are stores at the mall.
There is jewelery at the mall.
There are friends at the mall.

The Peanuts
Charlie Brown and his friends are together.
Lucy and Charlie Brown play football.
Snoopy is on his house.
Snoopy and Woodstock wear glasses and play songs.
Linus has a blanket.
Charlie Brown and Linus are in the snow.

Room 28 is Hungry
Room 28 is hungry.
Yonis is hungry for cupcakes.
Abdullahi is hungry for ketchup.
Ms. Karron is hungry for pizza.
Ms. Jen is hungry for chocolate cake.
Kai is hungry for fruit snacks.
Mohamed is hungry for sandwiches.

School Buses
I can see the school bus.
My school bus is white.
My school bus is small.
It has lots of seats.
It has 4 wheels.
The bus can go fast.

My Friends
My friends are nice.
They like to  play with me. We go to the mall sometimes.
We play games, too.
I go to their house. We go to the PX.
We go to the park. We play on the swings. We have fun.
They  are from Florida  like me. We like to eat
hamburgers.

Our Favorite Foods
Our Favorite Foods
Grilled cheese sandwiches are good to eat.
I love pizza.
Cheese burgers are good.
I love hotdogs.
Cheesecake is very tasty.
Cookies are good!
Skittles are my favorite candy.
Salads are good for you.
Nachos are a Mexican food.
Pasta tastes good.

I Love Shopping
I went to a mall in San Antonio, Texas.
The mall was very big. It had many stores and a food court.
My favorite store is Dillards.
I went to Game Stop.
I would love to go back to the food court.
I would like to go back to the Game Stop and the food court.

Playing Hockey is Fun
Kids playing floor hockey.
It is fun to play ice hockey also.
Hockey can be played inside or outside.
Teamwork is very important.
Hockey players try to get a score.
Playing hockey is very good exercise.
Being the goalie is a hard job.
When the game is done, all the players line up.

Jett's Trains
This is the track.
This is Thomas the train.
This is a red train.
This is a black train.
This is a silver train.
This is a yellow train.
This is a black and red train.
This is a blue train.

Signs Around You
Look for this sign so you can go out.
A fire extinguisher is used to put out a fire.
Girls and women use this bathroom.
Boys and men use this bathroom.
This is a water fountain.
I am thirsty. I will buy a soda.
You can walk when you see this sign.
Don't walk when you see this sign.
If you get sick or hurt, look for a blue hospital sign.
You will find planes close by if you see a sign for the airport.
Cars and bicycles must stop at this sign.
If you see this sign, you cannot eat or drink.
Always recycle your soda bottles please.

North Carolina Zoo
Welcome to the North Carolina Zoo.
The polar bear is relaxing.
This bison is eating some grass.
Flamingos eat shrimp and turn pink.
This parrot is red and blue.
Gorillas are very smart mammals.
The baboon is walking around.
The lion is sleeping.
The king of the jungle is now awake.
Zebras have black and white stripes.
Elephants have long trunks.

Lily Likes
Lily likes Hannah Montana.
Lily likes Scooby-Doo.
Lily likes princesses.
Lily likes to dance.
Lily likes to play with dolls.
Lily likes to play with Barbie dolls.
Lily likes to play with blocks.
Lily likes to play on playgrounds.

Stevie Wonder
Stevie Wonder is a very talented musician.
He was born in Saginaw, Michigan in 1950.
When he was only eleven years old, he signed with Motown Records.
Since then, Stevie has recorded over twenty records.
He is a singer and songwriter.
Stevie can also play several different instruments such as the drums, guitar, and harmonica.
He has performed in front of crowds of thousands of people.
One more thing about Stevie Wonder, he has been blind since he was born.

My Favorite Sports
I love to swim in pools.
I was the manger of the girls JV basketball team.
I play baseball on the Challenger team with my friends.
I like to watch the Yankees with my father.
I golf at the Wolfert's Roost with my dad and mom.
I go bowling with my friends on Tuesdays.
I ski with Mrs. Daniels on Sundays during the winter.
I have a pink bike that I am learning to ride.
My dad and I are huge fans of the Giants.
My family likes to go to the River Rats hockey games.

The Adventures of the Amazing Super Cleaners
Some days our classroom gets really messy.
One day, the Amazing Super Cleaners came to our classroom.
They said, "What a mess!"
"Your books will get torn up!"
"It's not safe to play here!"
The Super Cleaners said we should clean up. "The shelves are for toys not boys and girls."
There is a lot of work to do.
Let's all work together. It takes all of our hands!
Books go on shelves!
Dishes in the kitchen!
Cars parked on the shelf!
Dolls and stuffed animals stored neatly together!
A place for everything and everything in its place- safe and easy to find.
When our room is clean, we will all be SUPER CLEANERS!

Prom
What is prom?
Some kids ride to prom in a limousine.
Boys and girls dance at prom.
Girls wear flowers on their wrist.
Boys wear special suits to prom.
Girls wear fancy, long dresses to the prom.
We eat food and snacks at prom.
There are a lot of  balloons at prom.
A person, called a disc jockey, plays music at prom.
The disco ball shines bright lights at prom.
Prom is groovy!
Prom is fun!

Hot Rods
This red car is awesome.
This is my grandpa's car.
Vin Diesel drove a GTO like this one.
The car is really old.
This is a 1966 Corvair.
This Trans Am will go very fast.
This Mustang goes very fast.

The Caterpillar is Hungry
The caterpillar is Hungry.
Late one night...
some eggs were on a  leaf.
The next morning the sun came up.
Out came a caterpillar.  He was hungry.
He ate one apple on Monday.  He was still very hungry.
He ate two pears on Tuesday.  He was still very hungry.
He ate three plums on Wednesday.  He was still very hungry.
He ate four strawberries on Thursday.  He was still very hungry.
He ate lots of oranges on Friday.  He was still very hungry.
On Saturday, he ate some cake...
an ice cream cone...
some pickles...
some cheese...
a salami sandwich...
one lollipop...
some pie...
some sausages...
two cupcakes...
and some watermelon!
Then he got sick.
So he ate a leaf and felt better.
Now he was big and fat.
He spun a cocoon.
And came out as a butterfly!

Logging
Here is a forest that needs some trees cut down.
When trees are cut down, it is called logging.
Logging can be a dangerous job.
Skidders are used for logging.
Skidders are cool.
Chains get hooked to the logs.
The skidder pulls the logs out of the woods.
The logs are cut up.
The logs are used for wood, burning, and carving.

Paul Klee
Spring Garden
Tunisian Gardens
Southern Gardens
Magic Squares
Magic Squares
(close-up)
Highways & Byways
Dream City
Refuge
Insula Dulcamara
Ancient Sound

Body Parts
These are some of my body parts.
This is my palm.
This is my forehead.
This is my nose.
Do you see my cheek?
These are my shoulders.
This is my chest.
Look at my forearm.
Here is my stomach.
My hands are on my hips.
This is my thumb.
Here is my thigh.
The bottom of your foot is called the sole.
This is my heel.
Here is my instep.
This is my calf.
Mom is touching my shin.

Nine Little Puppies and a Dog
The puppy is  sitting on the pillow.
Two puppies  are silly.
The  baby  is hugging the puppy.
The  puppy is  running.
The puppy  is sitting.
The  puppy  is  sleeping.
The  puppy  is   playing.
The  puppy  is  sleeping  and  eating.

Baby Echo Flies
This is baby Echo.
Baby Echo sat on a branch snuggled in the shelter of his mother's wings.
It was warm and safe there.  Baby Echo was happy.
Then Echo looked down at Baby Echo and said...
"It is time for you to fly."
Baby Echo snuggled closer to his mother and said...
"But I don't know how to fly."
Echo said, "Watch me. I will teach you," and she flapped her wings.
Baby Echo was brave.
He followed his mother and landed next to her.
"I did it!"  cried baby Echo.
"Yes you did, and I am proud," said Echo.
"Hooray for you."

Peep Show
Peeps at the lake.
Peeps playing Uno.
Crow peeps on the road.
Peeps on a plane.
Peeps in a garden.
Peeps at camp.
Peeps on vacation.
Peeps checking in.
Peeps fishing.
The World According to Peeps.
Peeps showing off.
Operating Peeps.
Peaceful Peeps.
Peeps at the movies.
Peeps on stage.
Peeps spying.
High School Peepsical.

Red Foxes
Red Fox
A red fox is nocturnal. This is my favorite fact that I learned.
Red foxes sleep during the day and are up at night. This is called nocturnal.
A red fox has a white tip on his tail.
Red foxes catch their prey with their claws.
Red foxes hide extra food 
underground.
Red foxes eat fruits and squirrels.
Red foxes babies are called kits.
Red foxes can leave their mom and dad when  they are 6 months old.
Red foxes are omnivores. This means that they eat plants and animals.

Chameleons and People
The chameleon is on a human's hand.
That chameleon has stripes.
The chameleon is on the funny hat.
The chameleon is jumping on the sand.
The chameleon is climbing a fence.
Chameleons can change to all the colors of the rainbow.
I think chameleons are beautiful!

Summer
I can't wait for the summer to begin.
I like to swim.
I like to look at the flowers.
I like to play at the beach.

Animal Sounds
A cow says, "Moo!"
A tiger says, "Roar!"
Pigs say, 
"Oink-oink."
A sheep says, "Baaa."
A dog says,  "Woof woof."
A cat says, "Meow."
A horse says, "Neigh."
A chicken says, "Cluck cluck."
A duck says, "Quack quack."

Having Fun Snowmobiling
I went snowmobiling with my dad.
We were at my aunt's house.
We turned a lot of corners.
I almost fell off!
I got snow on my face!
My dad got snow on his face, too!
Soon, it was time to go.
I hope we can go again!

Life Cycles
Egg
Caterpillar
Chrysalis
Butterfly
Frog eggs
Tadpole
Frog
Seeds
Sprout
Flower
Water
Dirt
Sun

Thomas the Train
Here comes Thomas the Train!
Hi Thomas!
Thomas is going on the track.
He is a big train!
There he goes!
This boy is playing with a train.
This girl is sitting in a train.
There is Sir Toppum Hat!

Baking Goodies
You must mix the batter well.
Let me put the batter in the pan.
These muffins are going to be good.
You can use cookie cutters to make shapes.
We need lots of cookies today.

Five Little Snowmen
Five little snowmen,
sliding down the hill.
One fell off and took a spill.
Mama came running and she said, "Just chill!"
"No more snowmen sliding down the hill!"
Four little snowmen,
sliding down the hill.
One fell off and took a spill.
Mama came running and she said, "Just chill!"
"No more snowmen sliding down the hill!"
Three little snowmen,
sliding down the hill.
One fell off and took a spill.
Mama came running and she said, "Just chill!"
"No more snowmen sliding down the hill!"
Two little snowmen,
sliding down the hill.
One fell off and took a spill.
Mama came running and she said, "Just chill!"
"No more snowmen sliding down the hill!"
One little snowman,
sliding down the hill.
He fell off and took a spill.
Mama came running and she said, "Just chill!"
"No more snowmen sliding down the hill!"

My Friends at School
I want you to meet my friends at school.
This is my friend, Angel.
This is my friend, D'Undranae.
This is my friend, Fernando.
This is my friend, Lynnesha.
This is my friend, Willie.
This is my friend, Ms. Maria.
This is my friend, Ms. Rachel.
I love my friends at school!

Our Flower Garden
Welcome to our flower garden.
This is a pretty white and pink flower.
Two friends at the flower garden.
Lots of beautiful flowers.
These flowers smell good.
Orange flowers.
Who put this flower in my ear?
Bees are working hard.
What a pretty pansy.
Three cool guys at the flower garden.
The End!

Hector's Day
Cookies are great at Central Market.
Hector loves to play basketball.
Hector saw a car at Central Market. It was an orange car. It's really great.
The cars can go fast on the freeway.
Gym locker rooms at school smell like a trashcan.
Hector likes onions and mustard on his hamburger. Hector eats hamburgers for dinner.
Hector uses a bowl.He cooks in the kitchen. He likes to cook monkeybread.
Teddy bears are white. They feel soft. Hector sleeps with one at home.

Time for Lunch
Lunch time! I am so hungry!
Ready to eat. My hands are back, and I am waiting patiently.
Here is a lunchbox that my friend Cassie uses.
Today I am eating a PB&J sandwich with milk.
Here are all my friends from 4th and 5th grade.
Ms. Rachel eats with me.
Mr. Seth eats with me, too. He always packs something delicious and nutritious.
I sign "eat" when I am ready for food.
Mmmm!
PB&J makes me thirsty for milk.
Time for more sandwich!
The Cheetos are saved for the end as dessert.
Whoa!  I ate it all!
Mr. Carlson helps me clean-up after I take care of the table.

Elephants are Cool
Elephants are cool!
Girl elephants are in charge!
African elephants have big ears.
Elephants migrate many miles to find water.
I love elephants.

The Big Show
The Big Show
An exploding volcano.
Mummies live in the desert.
The Lochness monster lives in the lake.
A portal to the world.
Yeti's live on the glacier.

The World
A beautiful island.
A beautiful waterfall.
A volcano.
A blue glacier.
The pyramids are in desert.
The blue and beautiful lake.
The blue and beautiful river.

Alex's Book
Alex's Book
It is very big.
It is very blue.
The volcano is exploding with lava.
It is very hot and very red and orange.
The desert is very hot and very dangerous because it has very dangerous animals.
It is beautiful and very happy in the river.

Cool Island
Cool Island
It's a small island.
A big waterfall is coooooold.
The volcano is very,very hooooot.
The desert is veeeery hooooooooooot!
It is very,very cooool.
It is a beautiful river.

SEEDS
We collect seeds.
We count seeds.
We sort seeds.
Seeds fall from trees.
Seeds travel in the air.
Seeds stick to me.
Seeds travel in the bird's belly.
Seeds travel on animal's fur.
Birds need seeds to eat.
Animals need seeds to eat.
People eat seeds.
Seeds grow on the outside of fruit.
Seeds grow on the inside of fruit.
Seeds make bread.
Seeds make peanut butter.
Seeds make my cookies.
Seeds make my Ants On A Log snack.
Seeds grow in cups.
Seeds grow in trays.
Seeds make seedlings.
Seeds make sprouts.
Seeds make roots.
Seeds grow...
and grow!
Seeds need the sun.
Seeds need the rain.
Seeds need the soil.
Seeds make our world beautiful!

Poison
Have you ever heard of the band Poison? This is their logo but not their faces.
The band consists of Bret Michaels.
He is also on the Rock of Love.
CC Deville is on guitar. Rikki Rockett is the drummer.
Bobby Dall is in the band but is not pictured.
Poison is one of my favorite bands!
I have been lucky enough to meet Bret Michaels twice!
I have also been on the guest list and met Rikki Rockett!
One of their number one hits is "Every Rose has it's Thorn."
My favorite song is "Nothing but a Good Time!"
They usually sing this at the end of the concert and shoot confetti into the crowd!
You should check out their music!

Spring Is Fun
In spring...
 I can climb a tree.
I can play soccer.
I can play at the beach.
I can play on a swing.
I can play at the pool.
I can go on a picnic.
I can play baseball.
I can play football.
I can ride my bike.
I can play with my kite.
I can play tennis.
I can play with my dog.
I can go to the movies.
I can go to Busch Gardens.
Spring is time for FUN!

Spring
I see a baby doe.
I see flowers in bloom.
I see kids playing by a big tree.
I see red shoes in green grass.
I see a pretty white flower.
I see a bunch of flowers.
I see water in the spring.
I see yellow flowers.
I see a flower growing on a sidewalk.

How to Prevent Desertification
Desertification is the spreading of deserts.
Desertification is good land becoming desert land.
If it spreads, it could affect 900 million people.
The main cause of desertification is global warming.
Desertification needs to stop.  How can we stop it?
People can limit their use of fuels and oil.
People can buy cars that use less gas.
People can STOP cutting forests for farmland.
Countries around the world...
...need to work together.
Spread the word about desertification.
Thank you for coming!

Our World
Our World
There are glaciers. They are high and cold.
There are deserts, which are very hot.
There are small islands.
There are big islands. This island is cold.
There are high volcanoes.
There are wide rivers and long rivers.
There are big, cold lakes.
Best of all, there's my home!

A Mantis Trying to Stop a Chariot
One day, a Chinese king was hunting in his chariot.
A praying mantis stood in front of the chariot.  He would not move.
The king thought the mantis was very brave.  He went around him.
The Chinese people heard about the mantis. They wanted to be brave, too.

Summer Fun!
I love finding starfish on the beach!
Swimming in the deep blue ocean is my favorite activity to do in the summer.
I love to frolic in the beautiful green grass!  Texas is so green!
Fourth of July is my favorite holiday!  The firecrackers are just beautiful!
The water in the river is so cool and refreshing.
I love to walk on the warm sand.
Taking a hike in the woods is peaceful and relaxing.
I love to pick beautiful flowers.

Many Faces of Dogs
My dog is lazy.
This dog looks tired.
Some dogs are cute.
These dogs look mean.
Some dogs have big tongues.
Some dogs play in the snow.
Some dogs are cool.

The Fighting Wolf
This is Bryan, the evil wolf.
This is Robbie, the good wolf.
This is the princess wolf.
She is the one that Robbie and Bryan fight over.
This is John, the father of Robbie.
These are Robbie's brothers.
One night, Robbie had a bad dream.
He dreamed he was wearing an ugly suit...
and the princess saw him in it.
Robbie woke from his dream and howled at the moon.
Evil Bryan heard the howl and came to fight Robbie.
Robbie's brothers helped him defeat the evil Bryan forever.

Friends
Friends get along!
Friends have fun!
Friends ride their bikes together!
Friends can be silly!
Friends go swimming!
Friends celebrate the good times!
Friends blossom in to life long friends!

Fishing
I like to go fishing.
I fish in the lake where I live.
My dad and I go fishing in the morning.
We catch rainbow fish and white perch.
We use worms for bait. I can hook a worm.
Some fish are
little.
Some fish are big.
Fishing is what I call fun.

Frog Life Cycle
First, we see eggs.
Second, tadpoles emerge from the eggs.
Next, we see a froglet.  It has legs and a tail.
Last, we see a frog.

Working at Harkins
This is a movie theater where I work.
First, I need to change my clothes to go to work.
Then, I pick up the trash at the theater.
Next, I put the trash in the garbage.
Then, I clean the carpets.
After I work, I wash my hands.
I like to get my popcorn for working.
I also get my Sprite.
I go back to school in the van.

Flowers 1, 2, 3!
1 red flower.
2 yellow flowers.
3 purple flowers.
4 yellow flowers.
5 pink flowers.
6 blue flowers.
7 yellow and red flowers.
8 white flowers.
9 orange flowers.
Many colorful flowers!

TAMIL LIFE
Ganeesh is a Hindu god.
You can find him in Hindu temples like this.
The Kolam is a decoration on the floor made for festivals.
People play drums at festivals.
Children dance.
Tamil Eelam is the state, which Tamils want in the north of Sri Lanka.
It has beautiful beaches and flowers.
Flowers are made into garlands for people to wear.
Tamils eat curry and really make it hot.
They make lots of chappatis and stuffed bread.
There are many traditional dances.
There are many historic buildings.
This is the Tamil Eelam medal.
This is the flag.

Play Ball
Let's play ball.
The pitcher throws the first ball.
The batter swings the bat.
He hits the ball.
The first base man tries to catch the ball.
He misses.
Run. Run fast.
He scores.

The Life Cycle of a Seed
First, a seed blows in the wind.
Next, rain falls on the seed.
The sun shines and...
the seed grows!
Then,the plant begins to grow.
A flower blooms...
and eventually the flower dies.
After the flower dies, seeds fall and begin to grow.
More flowers!

A Plant's Basic Needs
Plants are living things. To grow, a plant needs four things;air, food, water, and light.
Air gives plants carbon dioxide. Carbon dioxide is a gas. Plants need this gas to grow.
Plants get food from the soil. Plants need food to grow.
A plant gets water from rain. Plants need water to grow.
All plants need light. Plants need sunlight to grow.
Plants have the same basic needs as animals; air, food, water, and light.

Animals
Animals
A dog
A cat
A horse
A cow
A rooster
A sheep
A duck
A pig

Cinderella
I like Cinderella.
Cinderella is nice and loving.
She can write.
She can get something to eat.
Before, Cinderella was little.
Now, Cinderella is big.
One time Cinderella tried to find something. What did she try to find?
It is getting later. Will Cinderella go home now?
She tried to put her shoe on again.
She got it on! She feels happy.
Now, she can be with the boy.
He can help her.
They can play and sing.
They can share a ride.
They can live here.
Cinderella has a different friend.
Cinderella has more good friends.
She feels happy morning, afternoon and night.

Earth Day
In 1963, former senator, Gaylord Nelson, began to worry about our planet.
Senator Nelson knew that our world was getting dirty.
He knew that many of our plants and animals were dying.
He decided to have a special day to teach everyone about the things that needed changing in our environment.
On April 22, 1970, the first Earth Day was held.
People all over the country made promises to help the environment.
Everyone got involved and since then Earth Day has spread all over the planet.
People work to find clean ways to use energy.
People work to save water and keep it clean.
People work to stop the air from getting dirtier.
People work to save the ice for polar bears.
People work to save the forests for pandas.
Gorillas need big forests to survive.
Turtles need clean open beaches to hatch from their nests.
What can we do to help?
We can keep things out of the landfill.
We can save our used plastic, glass, and paper.
This recycling truck takes glass, plastic and paper to the factory.
This carpet was made from recycled plastic.
All of these new paper things are made from used paper.
Old wooden things can be used again.
Earth Day is our special day to look at the planet and see what needs changing.

My Engine Speeds
My body is like an engine with different speeds.
Sometimes it is at low speed.
At low speed, my engine moves slowly.
I think of it as a slow walk or stroll.
There are times it is good to be at low speed. It is good for relaxing.
When my body is at just right speed, I feel like I am jogging.
I can think so clearly.
I can concentrate and am not distracted.
Sometimes my jogging turns into a run.
I am distracted by my surroundings.
I think too much about what is going on around me and what others are doing.
That is fast speed. It may be OK in a race, but not when I am trying to do my work.
When I need to work, I can change my body to just right speed. I think of it as a very focused jog!

Spring 2
I see my shadow.
I see a little leaf.
I see a flower bud.
I see 4 flowers.
I see 1 flower.
I see a tree full of flowers.
I see 1 balloon looking at me.
I see 1 balloon hanging from a tree.
I see 2 red flowers.
I see 1 dandelion.
I see 4 little purple flowers.
I see 1 shiny rock.

SpongeBob
I like SpongeBob. He can do things.
He can sing and play.
He can go up.
He can go fast.
SpongeBob has different feelings.
He can feel silly.
He can feel scary.
He can feel tired.
SpongeBob has a problem.
He is trying to hide.
Now what is he doing?
She is dressed like SpongeBob.
SpongeBob rides with friends. Goodbye, SpongeBob!

Flowers
We like flowers.
This flower is yellow.
This flower is pink.
This flower is red.
This flower is blue.
This flower is white.
This flower is purple.
This flower is orange.
We like colorful flowers.

Our Ee Book
Ee
E is for eggs.
E is for eagle.
E is for eel.
E is for Ms. Edwards.
E is for envelope.
E is for eyelashes.
E is for elevator.
E is for entrance.
E is for emu.
E is for eat.
E is for exit.
E is for earthworm.
E is for escalator.
E is for exercise.
E e

The "it" Word Family
The cat bit me!
They are fit.
Can you see one pit?
She hit.
The candle is lit.
Do you see the mitt?
I quit!
Do they like to sit?

Beautiful  Horses
This is a foal.
They are playing.
This is a pretty sunset.
I love the beach.
This is a beautiful page.

Dustin's Mario Kart Book
Dustin likes to play Mario Kart on his Wii.
What character does Dustin like the best?
I don't know. I will have to ask him.
Maybe it is Mario or Bowser.
Dustin drives the car very fast.
Mario cheers Dustin on!
Mario and Bowser are neck to neck.
Congratulations goes to the winner!
Will Dustin play another game of Mario Kart?

Joey's Blue's Clues Book
Joey likes Blue's Clues.
Steve asks, "Where is Blue?"
Blue is by the baby!
Blue is on the birthday cake!
Blue is with the other toys.
Blue is on the Big toe!
Blue is on the pumpkin.
Blue is floating in the air!
And Blue gives a special wave to Joey.

See, Hear, Touch, Smell, and Taste
I see with my eyes.
I feel with my hands.
I hear with my ears.
I smell with my nose.
Some people taste with their mouth.

We Learned From Dr. Seuss
Dr. Seuss wrote funny stories that rhyme.
This crazy cat looks scary like that!
Thing 1 and Thing 2 will come and help you!
Red and white stripes painted on these tall pipes.
Horton heard a Who, did you?
"A person's a person no matter how small!"
"Some sort of a creature of very small size, too small to be seen by an elephant's eyes."
Green eggs and ham-rocks are like eating some shamrocks... eewww!
This beautiful fox has no socks.
This fox has white socks!
Hop on Pop? Stop! Stop! Stop!
We like books that rhyme! We read them all the time!

Can you spot the "sh" word?
-Sh makes the sound ssshhhh.  Now you try it.
Does sheep begin with 
-sh?
This is a picture of a city in China called Shanghai.
A very old house is called a shack.
This tree is keeping the cows cool in the shade.
This cow has a big shadow.
If water is not deep, it is called shallow.
People use shampoo to wash their hair.
There are many different kinds of sharks in the ocean.  Can you think of a kind of shark?
What shapes are these?
It is always nice to share your things.
What is an -sh word to describe this bats teeth?
What did this man do to his face?
Can you think of any more -sh words?

Grease, What a Blast!
Danny and Sandy meet on the beach in the summer.  They have fun  singing.
Everyone dances at the "High School Hop."
What fun!
Let's go get cheeseburgers and milkshakes.
The guys sing about girls and dance on the  bleachers at school.
Oh yeah! Singing "Greased  Lightnin," a cool song about a cool car.
"Beauty School Dropout" is a song that tells kids to stay in school to the end and graduate.
All the guys and girls perform "We Go Together" as they end their school year.
This is a terrific movie.

Telling Time
Telling Time
Clocks have two hands.
The short hand points to the hour.
The long hand points to the minutes.
Minutes are counted by 5s starting at 12.
This is a digital clock.  Easy!
This is an analog clock.  What skill!

Author's Purpose
Author's Purpose
Some entertain. They make us laugh or cry.
Some explain.  This is how to make pancakes.
Some inform.  They tell us about Hawaii.
Some express opinions.  She dislikes chores.
Some try to persuade us not to give homework.
People write for different reasons.

Spiderman Rocks!
Spiderman is strong.
Spiderman is nice.
Spiderman is brave.
Spiderman is flying.
Spiderman is shooting a web.
Spiderman is crawling up  a wall.
Spiderman is going up a building.
Spiderman is flying.

Identifying Coins
Coins and paper money are used to buy things.
This copper coin is a penny.  It is worth 1 cent.
This nickel is worth 5 cents.
This tiny dime is worth 10 cents.
A quarter is worth 25 cents.
A half dollar is worth 50 cents.
A golden coin is worth a dollar or 100 cents.
Knowing about money helps you count it.

Taking Care of a Dog
Choose a dog who has energy.
Take your dog to the vet for a checkup.
Feed him daily but don't overdo it.
Provide fresh water.
Play with your dog.  His tail will wag.
Take your best friend on walks.

I Like Soccer
I like soccer.
I get to watch soccer on the weekends.
My brother is one of the soccer players on the team.
I always cheer for his team.
Girls can play soccer, too.
Some soccer teams have cheerleaders.
I play soccer with my friends after school.
I will play soccer on a team when I grow up like my brother.

Easter
Easter is coming soon.
We can do many things at Easter.
The cat climbed in the Easter basket!
Oh no! He will have to get out so we can fill the basket with Easter candy.
We can fill eggs with candy. Yummy!
We will also paint our Easter eggs many colors.
Maybe then we can eat the eggs at Easter.
At Easter, the bunny hops.
This bunny looks big! He is excited for Easter and looking for eggs.
This bunny likes to sit in the snow. Sometimes it snows at Easter.
Will there be snow this Easter?

My Color Book
I see a red flower.
I see blue water.
I see a yellow fish.
I see a green leaf.

Naughty Johnny
Johnny emerged from his mother's inky, black Escalade.
He went up the narrow stone steps of Derek Jeter Middle School.
As he entered the building, the snow began to fall.
Johnny plodded along the tiles of the empty hallway.
The only sound was the thump, thump, thump of his black Nike shoes.

All About Recycling
This is a Lego recycling truck.
This scooter is made from a Coca Cola can.
This green hand chair was recycled.
This is a recycling dumpster.
This was on Earth Day.
This is a real recycling truck.
Keep your recycling separated.
This is a bottle you can recycle.

The Pink Tent
Ink lent Hunk and Chunk her tent.
Hunk and Chunk were glad.
The tent was big. The tent was pink.
Hunk and Chuck put the tent in the truck.
Then Hunk and Chunk went to Kent.
When they got to Kent, they got out the tent.
They put it up on a sand bank.
The sun sank.
Hunk and Chunk went to bed.
Wooooo! Wooooo!
"What was that?" Chunk asked.
Then he hopped up and ran.
Hunk said, "Get back into bed."
"It is just the wind."
Clunk! Kerplunk!
Up went the sand.
Down went the pink tent.
In a wink, the tent went flat.
Hunk and Chunk got up.
"Now we are sunk," said Hunk.
The tent is bent.
It has a dent.
It will not zip.
Ink was mad.
"I have a hint for you," she said.
"The next time you put up a tent...
put it up on grass, not sand."

Staying Healthy
It is important to take good care of myself.
Take a bath everyday.
Wash my face everyday.
Keep my hair clean and brushed.
Brush my teeth in the morning and at night.
Eat foods that are good for me.
Exercise each day.
Drink 6 - 8 glasses of water everyday.
Sleep 6 -8 hours each night.
Have fun with friends and family.
Laugh, play, watch movies, STAY HEALTHY.

Biological Family
Ears
Body
Eyes
Smile
Nose
Hair
Feet

Past and Present
My favorite song is Star Wars music.
My favorite school activity is art.
I like to play Legos.
I have a pet cat named Cinnamon, but he is mad.
My favorite food is crabby patties.
My favorite sport is football.
I get to school by car.

Animals
Sunlight is turning to dawn.
A cat is dancing.
A big fat gorilla is looking.
A dog is walking.
A dog is laying down.

Animal Homes
The frog lives in the grass, and he hops in the grass.
The tiger is in the grass and lives in Africa.
The spider monkey lives in the zoo.
The camel is by the pyramid.

My Vacation at Hilton Head Island
We like to visit the lighthouse in Harbour Town.
The beaches are very pretty on Hilton Head Island.
We went on bike rides everyday on the trails and on the beach.
If you are very lucky, you might see a dolphin in the ocean.
We also like to go to South Beach to see the Macaws.  They are very funny.
My husband even saw an alligator while he was golfing!  Watch out!!
Next year, I want to go on the kayak.
Every year we have a wonderful time at Hilton Head!  I can't wait until next year.

Go Soccer!
This is a soccer team.  There are 11 players.
An Aussie Rules team has 18 players.
Soccer is played with a round ball.
Aussie Rules is played with an oval ball.
In soccer, the players kick the ball along the ground.
In Aussie Rules, they kick the ball up high.
In soccer, the goalie is the only player allowed to touch the ball with his hands.
In Aussie Rules, anyone can catch the ball in their hands.
The soccer goal has a net and the ball has to go into the net to score a point.
Scoring is hard and scores are small.
The Aussie Rules goal doesn't have a net.  It has 4 posts.
When the ball goes between the middle posts, it's a goal.  Between the side posts and it's a behind.
Goals count for 6 points and behinds for 1, so scores are big.
Soccer is better than Aussie Rules because it's hard to score and the players are cleverer.
Going for goal.
The winning goal!

Deserts
Deserts
Deserts are dry,
dry,
dry,
dry.
Deserts can have sand,
or dried mud,
or rocks.
They can be wild
and beautiful.
They can be wild
and dangerous.
You can see people riding
on camels.
You can see people live and play.
You might see a train,
an SUV,
or even an old bus.
You see things made by nature
and by people.
But you do NOT see much water.
Some animals can live in dry deserts
like this fox,
lizards,
and creepy bugs.
People and animals find water at an oasis.
They can drink and wash there.
Sometimes rain does come
and wets the thirsty ground.
Then,
for a while,
the desert is in bloom.
But soon the water is gone,
and the desert sleeps again.
The end

Day and Night
In the morning,
the sun comes up.
In the morning, I wake up.
In the morning, I brush my teeth.
In the morning, I get dressed.
In the morning, I eat breakfast.
In the morning, I go to school.
At night, the sun goes down.
The moon comes out.
At night, I eat dinner.
At night, I take a bath.
At night, I brush my teeth.
At night, I read a story.
Good night.

Splink and Splank
This is Splink, a sad pink bug.
Her home is on a scrap of rug.
What does Splink do for fun? She plays in the dust on the rug. Oh, how sad!
This is Splank, a big stink bug.
Her home is on a strip of grass.
What does Splank do for fun? She jumps and hops on springs of grass under the sun.
Splinks wanted to play in the sun.
She wanted to hop and jump on the grass strip with Splank.
Splink jumped to get out, but she hit the grass.Splat!
The next day she hopped from her scrap of rug. She did not go splat on the grass.
She landed on the strip of grass next to Splank.
Splank grinned at Splink.
Now she had a pal.
Splink and Splank jumped from spring to spring. "This is fun," said Splink.
"I like the sun, and I like this grass."
They stopped to rest.
Splink got a sprig of mint. She split the sprig with Splank.
"A scrap of rug is not a good home for a bug like me," said Splink.
"Then come with me,"said Splank. "You can have a home on my strip of grass."
Splink and Splank had lots of fun from that day on.

I Can Stop
Sometimes when I am playing,
Mom says, "Time to go!"
I can stop playing.
Later,
I can play again.
Sometimes when I watch TV,
Dad says, "Time to eat!"
I can stop watching.
Later,
I can watch again.
Sometimes when I read a book,
teacher says, "Time to stop!"
I can stop reading.
Later,
I can read again...
if I want to!
The end

Pancakes!
How to make pancakes.
You need eggs.
You also need flour.
You need milk.
You also need butter.
Mix your things together.
Put you mixture in a pan.  Be CAREFUL.
Make enough to share.
Top them if you want.  Eat!  Enjoy!

Our Favorite Things
Jordan's favorite things are cars. Here is a Mitsubishi Evolution. This car is cool!
This is another cool car.
Maggie's favorite things are dogs. This is a cuddly dog. This dog is very friendly.
This dog likes to sleep. This dog is named Mary.
Justin's favorite things are dinosaurs. The Triceratops has three horns on his head and a hood on his neck.
The T-Rex is very tall, and he eats meat.
Janet's favorite things are horses. These horses are standing in the sun chilling out.
These horses are standing in the snow. They are very cold.
Janet's horse is standing by Jordan's car.
Maggie's dogs are in the front seat of Jordan's car.

Dragon  World
There are two dragons put together.
The dragon is flapping its wings.
The dragon has  big teeth.
The dragons are fighting.
He is curved and looks like a hill.
That dragon is all over the place!

Weather
Mist
Fog
Rain
Sleet
Hail
Snow

Ay, Chihuahua!
This dog is funny.
This dog is smelling.
This dog is wearing a scarf.
This dog is fat.
This dog is looking for bones.
This dog is like my dog, Coco.
This dog is cute.
These dogs are lying down.

Cat Faces
The cat is angry.
The lion is growling.
The cat is cute.
The cat is sad.
The white lion is mad.
The cat is drinking.
The kitten is cute.
The cat is angry.

Easter Wishes
It is Easter week.
My family and I go to church.
At school, we make crafts.
I like chocolate eggs.
My Mommy bakes a beautiful cake.
Children are happy because it is spring, a new beginning.
Lilies are everywhere.
Shelves in the stores are full of Easter treats.
We make coloured Easter eggs.
I like to make cards for my family.
We eat all day long.
Even little babies like Easter.
They get to lick their candy Easter bunnies.
My favourite Easter treat is my Grandmas' Easter bread.
Have a very Happy Easter.

What's in the Egg?
Eggs
What could be in the eggs?
Baby chickens are in the eggs.
We have to be very careful with the eggs.
We will put them in an incubator.
We will have to wait.
We will wait 21 days.
Out of the eggs will come baby chicks.
We will keep them warm and dry.
They will grow.
Then, they will go to a farm...
and live happily ever after.

Potato Fritters
Potatoes
Eggs
Onions
Flour
Salt
Pepper

Plum Dumplings
Plums
Potato
Egg
Sugar
Olive oil

I Like
I Like
by Pelumi
I like puzzles.
I like jumping.
I like sleeping.
I like balls.
I like Kool-Aid.
I like blowing bubbles.
I like chips.
I like cards.

I Like
I Like
By Long-Dinh
I like balls.
I like sledding.
I like blocks.
I like fish crackers.
I like blowing bubbles.
I like swinging.
I like books.
I like jumping on trampolines.

I Like
I Like
by Max
I like cheese balls.
I like playing games.
I like Kool-Aid.
I like movies.
I like cards.
I like Eeyore.
I like playing the piano.
I like chips.

I Like
I Like
by Cortney
I like blowing bubbles.
I like eating cheese balls.
I like eating chips.
I like playing games.
I like playing the piano.
I like swimming.
I like drinking Kool-Aid.
I like eating french fries.

I Like
I Like
by Vicki
I like blocks.
I like jumping.
I like balls.
I like Eeyore.
I like swinging.
I like sledding.
I like fish crackers.
I like soda.

I Like
I Like
by Lady
I like sledding.
I like jumping.
I like sleeping.
I like french fries.
I like blocks.
I like books.
I like balls.
I like playing the piano.

I Like
I Like
by Terriana
I like jumping on trampolines.
I like drinking soda.
I like playing the piano.
I like blocks.
I like eating french fries.
I like balls.
I like reading books.

I Like
I Like
by Thomas
I like reading.
I like playing games.
I like eating cheese.
I like drinking soda.
I like eating fish crackers.
I like swinging.
I like painting.

Transportation
Transportation
by Terriana
I see a skateboard.
I see a sailboat.
I see a van.
I see a ship.
I see a car.
I see a motor home.
I see a truck.

Transportation
Transportation
by Lady
I see a boat.
I see a motorcycle.
I see a train.
I see an ambulance.
I see a car.
I see a sailboat.
I see a pickup truck.
I see a hot air balloon.

Places
I am at home.
I am at school.
I am at the beach.
I am at the shop.
I am at the pool.
I am at the playground.
I am at the zoo.
I am at the party.

Transportation by Thomas
Transportation
by Thomas
I see a bike.
I see a helicopter.
I see a school bus.
I see a sailboat.
I see a police car.
I see a car.
I see a train.
I see a fire truck.

Transportation
Transportation
by Long-Dinh
I see a helicopter.
I see a hot air balloon.
I see a car.
I see a ship.
I see a taxi.
I see a sailboat.
I see a pickup truck.
I see a subway car.

Transportation by Max
Transportation
by Max
I see a tractor.
I see a train.
I see a ship.
I see a truck.
I see a motor home.
I see a school bus.
I see a sail boat.

Transportation
Transportation
by Cortney
I see a hot air balloon.
I see a ship.
I see a van.
I see a truck.
I see a jeep.
I see a train.
I see a taxi.
I see a bus.

Transportation
Transportation
by Luke
I see a bus.
I see a tractor.
I see an ambulance.
I see an airplane.
I see a train.
I see a sailboat.
I see a bicycle.
I see a rocket.

Transportation
Transportation
by Vicki
I see a truck.
I see a subway car.
I see a train.
I see a skateboard.
I see a motor home.
I see a jeep.
I see an ambulance.
I see a car.

I See Animals
I See Animals.
by Luke
I see a sheep.
I see a monkey.
I see a horse.
I see a lion.
I see a cow.
I see a frog.
I see a fish.
I see a turkey.

I See Animals
I See Animals.
by Max
I see a cow.
I see a dog.
I see a fox.
I see a crab.
I see a hamster.
I see a pig.
I see a spider.
I see a horse.

I See Animals
I See Animals. 
by Lady
I see a frog.
I see a fly.
I see a fish.
I see a mosquito.
I see a cat.
I see a horse.
I see a kangaroo.
I see a gorilla.

I See Animals
I See Animals
by Pelumi
I see a dog.
I see a penguin.
I see a squirrel.
I see a horse.
I see a kangaroo.
I see a cow.
I see a crab.
I see a leopard.

I See Animals
I See Animals
by Cortney
I see a fish.
I see a rabbit.
I see a lion.
I see an elephant.
i see a hamster.
I see a gorilla.
I see a seal.
I see a lizard.

I See Animals
I See Animals
by Long-Dinh
I see a rabbit.
I see a leopard.
I see a hamster.
I see a fox.
I see a gorilla.
I see a flamingo.
I see a mouse.
I see a tiger.

I See Animals
I see a flamingo.
I see a snake.
I see a giraffe.
I see a hamster.
I see a cat.
I see a squirrel.
I see a rabbit.
I see a pig.

The Dodge Charger
Here are some 1970 Dodge Chargers!
This is a cool red one!
Do you like Dodge Chargers?
I wish I could own one for myself.
I especially like the one from the Dukes of Hazzard.
Do you know the name of this car?
It is called "The General Lee".
Have you ever seen the T.V. show?
Or how about the Dukes of Hazzard movie?
This place is called Cooters.
I would like to eat here.
Dodge Chargers come in all colors!
I really think red is my favorite!
This car is so sharp!
Maybe one day I can buy this car!
At least see it in person and take a picture with it.
That would make my day!

Feelings
Happy
The woman is happy.
The boy is happy, too.
Mad
The woman is mad.
The man is mad, too.
Sad
The woman is sad.
The boy is sad, too.
What other feelings are there?
Surprised
Confused
Tired
Disgusted
How are you feeling?

Red Hat Ladies
The Red Hat Ladies
There are Red Hat Ladies groups all over the world.
When they go out together, they always wear their red hats.
Sometimes they go to the coffee shop.
There they see other people dressed in their ordinary clothes.
The Red Hat ladies always wear their red hats. Sometimes they wear purple dresses, too.
At the coffee shop, they drink coffee,
and sometimes they get a special treat.
Sometimes they bring books to the coffee shop.
The Red Hat Ladies listen to the stories.
They have fun being with their friends.
The ladies take the van on different outings.
Red Hat Ladies can go to the park.
They can go fishing.
It is wonderful to be outside.
The Red Hat Ladies can explore the city.
They watch the people.
They go up and down the streets.
The Red Hat Ladies go shopping.
They look at dresses and purses and hats.
It's great to be a Red Hat!

I See Animals
I See Animals
By Vicki
I see a giraffe.
I see a hippo.
I see a monkey.
I see a deer.
I see a sheep.
I see a duck.
I see a hamster.
I see a flamingo.

Red Sox
A true Red Sox fan.
When the Red Sox won,
people went nuts!
They partied.
They brought flowers...
to their ancestors to celebrate the victory!
No other fans are like that!

Go Big
Wakeboarding is gnarly.
You go very fast.
You can spray up the wake.
You can get big air.
And do sweet tricks.
And pick up chicks...
if you're good enough.

Hippo
Once upon a time, there was a baby hippo.
He lived with his mother.
They loved each other.
One day the hippo grew up.
He went to live in the zoo.
He married and liked it there.
Happy hippo.

Dice
This is a normal dice.
You can hang fuzzy dice in cars.
Dice can be used to learn to read.
Dice can be used to play games.
I like dice!

Trucks
Trucks are so fast.
Some are red.
Some are a lot of colors.
Some are really big.

Race Cars
Race cars are fun to play with.
Race cars are fun.
Race cars are fast.
Race cars race other race cars.

Scott Joplin
Scott Joplin played Ragtime music. He was known as "The King of Ragtime".
Scott Joplin was born in Texas on November 24,1868.
He liked to write music. Many of his ideas came from African music.
Scott Joplin played the piano.
Two songs he wrote were "The Mapleleaf Rag" and "The Entertainer".
His song "The Entertainer" was used in a famous movie in the 70's called "The Sting".
He died on April 1,1917.

Easter Sunday
Easter Sunday
Chocolates for everyone.
Special gifts.
Pink bunnies.
Fresh eggs.
A gift for mom.
Special decorations.
Small yellow ducks.

School Rules
I follow the rules at my school.
I do what my teacher tells me to do.
I stop talking when Ms. Naomi or Mr. Fred ask me to.
I keep my fingers out of Sally's cage.
If I follow the rules, I will get a smiley face.
When I get four smiley faces, I can play on the computer.
When I don't follow the rules, I have to move my rabbit to yellow or red.
If I keep my rabbit on green all day, I will get a sticker for my chart.
When my chart is full, I can get a prize from the treasure chest.
When I follow the rules, it makes me happy! My mom, grandma, grandpa, and my teachers are also happy.

The City
The city is a very busy place.
Many people live in the city. Some people live in houses.
Some people live in apartment buildings.
In the city, there are many tall buildings.
There are buses and streetcars.
In the city, there may be subway trains.
There are many cars and trucks on the roads.
Many people ride bicycles in the city.
Some people take taxis to go places.
Sometimes birds make nests in the tall buildings.
In the city, there may be smog from factories and cars.
There are big churches.
There are many schools. Some are old and some are new.
Little animals, like squirrels, live in the city.
There are parks in the city. People have fun in the parks.
There are police to protect people.
There are big hospitals where doctors and nurses care for sick people.
Firefighters help put out fires in the city.
Firefighters and their fire trucks are always ready to go when someone calls 911.
In the city, there are libraries filled with interesting books.
There are many grocery stores in the city.
There are toy stores, too.
The city is a very busy place. Do you live in the city?

Going on a Trip
First, you get a suitcase.
Then you gather your clothes. Leave the cat behind.
Don't forget your toothbrush!
Bring comfy shoes.
Put your suitcase in the car.
Drive to the hotel.
Have lots of fun!
Smile!

Camping
My family decided to go camping.
Here we are packing up the car.
Here is our tent.
Here is our sleeping bag.
Here is our camp stove.
Here is our camp fire.
Camping is so much fun.

Jesus
Jesus died on the cross for us.
Jesus died for us to forgive us for our sins.
Jesus keeps us in his sight.
If I saw him, I would be speechless.
Jesus rose from the grave three days after he died.
Jesus is holy and indescribable.
Jesus is the only God.
Mary, his mother, did not like that happening to him.
JESUS IS AWESOME!

Dirk Nowitzki
Dirk Nowitzki is a good basketball player. He plays for the Mavericks.
This is Dirk Nowitzki's team, the Mavericks.
The Mavericks are in Dallas, Texas.
Dirk is good at free throws.
This is his locker in the locker room.
Dirk Nowitzki is warming up.
He is about to slam dunk.
Dirk has a sweet shot.

Annie's Favorite Foods
Annie likes pretzels.
Annie likes rice.
Annie likes bread.
Annie likes grapes.
Annie likes chips.
Annie likes apple juice.
These foods make Annie happy.

Flip, Flap, and Fluff
Flip, Flap and Fluff are pals.
They have a new club.
They have big plans for having fun.
They are glad to be in a club.
They plan to play ball and jog.
To begin, they all slugged the ball.
Then they went for a jog.
They jogged up a bluff.
Flip slipped and fell on some glass.
He got a big cut.
The cut bled and bled.
Flap flapped his wings and ran into a cliff.
He got a big bump on his head.
The vet put his wing in a sling.
Fluff slipped and fell from the bluff.
She slid down the bluff and into a pond.
She got all wet.
"I am glad to be in a club," said Flap.
"But we need a new plan for having fun."

Musical Instruments
What makes music?
Tapping the drums.
Shaking the maracas.
Touching the keys of the piano.
Tapping the rhythm sticks.
Shaking the tambourine.
Strumming the strings of the guitar.
Bowing the violin.
Shaking the bells

I Love the Monkees!
Do you know who the Monkees are?
They are a band from the 60's that started out as a T.V. show but became a real band.
The members are Davy Jones, Peter Tork, Mike Nesmith and Micky Dolenz.
They are the only band that has ever had the #1 ALBUM and #2 album at the same time!
This is the Monkees logo. I'm such a big fan that I have a tattoo of it!
Micky Dolenz was a big fan of Jimi Hendrix.
He opened for the Monkees twice.
But the crowd screamed, "We want the Monkees, we want the Monkees!"
So he walked off stage and never toured with the Monkees again.
Frank Zappa was a fan of the Monkees. This is him with Peter Tork.
This is the Monkee-mobile from their show.
Here is a toy model of it. I have this in my Monkee collection.
The Monkees' fans paid for their star on the Hollywood walk of fame.
Davy Jones has always been my favorite!
This is him when he was young.
This is Davy now.
I was lucky enough to have met him three different times!
This is Micky Dolenz.
All of the Monkees still perform as solo artists.
This was Davy Jones first solo album.
The Monkees have a movie called 'Head'.
Jack Nicholson produced the movie, 'Head'.
This is not my room, but my room used to look similar to this!
I LOVE the Monkees!

Spring
I see flowers!
I see rabbits!
I see birds!
I see kites!
I see green grass!
I see trees!
I see Easter eggs!
Spring is here!

The R Book
This is not a rainbow.
The rose is pretty and smells very good.
This is a rattlesnake. He is cool.
This is a recipe for chocolate cake.  It looks very good.
I hope I get engaged with a ring like this.
This rabbit looks like my old rabbit.
This silly cat is on the rug laughing.
I love roller coasters, and I am not afraid.

Kathy's Book of Flowers
Sunflowers are tall.
A beautiful garden.
Bees like flowers, too.
Poppy flowers are red.
Flowers in a vase.
Big sunflower.

I Like Animals
This is a penguin. He is big.
Here is a lion. He likes to roar.
This is a giraffe. The giraffe is tall.
Here is a hippo. This hippo has a big mouth.
This is a hamster. Hamsters are very small.
This is a monkey. Monkeys like to climb trees.

Randy Orton
Randy Orton was born on April 1, 1980 in Tennessee.
In 2001, he was named the Wrestling Rookie of the Year.
He is the son of legendary wrestler, Cowboy Bob Orton.
On November 13, 2006, he won his first World Tag Team championship with Edge.
Randy Orton has many fans.
Fans and critics think that the "Age of Orton" ended in 2008.
In January 2009, he won the Royal Rumble after entering at number eight.
One of his personal sayings is, "Take a look people, take a good look at greatness!"

Roller Hockey
You have to have a mouth guard.
You have to wear shin guards.
He is the goalie.
He is near the fence.
He is skating.
He is tripping him!
They are doing a face-off.
He has the puck.
He is shooting.
He is skating in a circle.
He is doing a cross over.
He is doing a face off.
You are one mean player!

How do Animals Move?
The rabbit hops.
The coyote walks.
The kangaroo rat hops.
The rattlesnake slithers.
The camel walks.
The roadrunner runs.
The insect flies.

Dog Show
The dog went to the dog show.
He is going to be famous!
The judge gave the dog a prize.
The bulldog won!
The bulldog took the dalmatian to his dog house for a dance, a movie, and a celebration.
Then they went to sleep.

Weather
In the snow, we make snowballs.
In the rain, we use an umbrella.
In the wind, we fly kites.
In the sun, we play at the beach.
In the cold, we wear a coat.
In the storm, we stay inside.

Owls
"Owls have yellow eyes," said John.
"Owls have feathers," said Alex.
"Some owls are white," said Hanna.
"Owls fly quietly," said Angelina.
"Owls have claws," said Austin.
"Owls fly in the dark," said Vanessa.
"Owls eat mice and fish," said Emily.

When Joshua Went Walking
One day, Joshua went walking.
Joshua saw a duck.
It was a beautiful duck.
Joshua saw a train.
It was a very fast train.
Joshua saw a cow.
Joshua saw a horse.
It was a cowboy riding a horse.
Joshua saw a sheep.
Joshua saw a goat.
Joshua saw three kittens.
Joshua liked the gray kitten.
This is the mom cat. It is a lion.
Joshua saw a dog.

Mummy
Mummy drives a car.
Mummy helps me get dressed.
Mummy makes dinner.
Mummy makes yummy cakes.
Mummy likes hugs.
Mummy does the washing.
Mummy works very hard!
I love my mummy.

A Bit of the Irish
A lucky clover.
A good drop of the Irish.
The cheeky Leprechaun.
A fine pair of Irish wolfhounds.
He's on the run.
The Celtic cross.
Irish dancers.
A little bit of green.
A beautiful Irish dancer.
The road leads to an Irish castle.
A couple of Irish footballers.
Here is Dublin.

Pasta Delights
I like spaghetti, especially in sauce.
This one looks good with a few veggies.
More vegetables, but it tastes great.
Here the duck is stuck on the fork.
Here is flower power pasta.
Lots of condiments go with pasta.
This is spiral pasta with pesto.
You can write with alphabet pasta.
Angry or alien, which one do you think?
Looks like a yummy pasta bake!
Vegan lasagna is nice and healthy.
Spaghetti on a line.

Funny Dogs
Wee! Dogs like to swing.
These two are dressing up.
Big teeth!
Pretty as a picture.
It's sunny!
It is fun getting dressed.
Lots of fun!
I'm a cat, meow!
I'm a witch! Ha! Ha!
Two dogs mean twice the fun!
This doggy is taking a ride.
He is riding, too.

Easter Time
Easter is full of colorful eggs
and lots of
yummy treats.
Kids find lots of
eggs
made by you!!!

Going Mall Walking
Today we will go to the mall to exercise.
First, we will gather our things and get on the bus.
Next, we will stay in a group.
Then we will exercise by walking through the mall.
We might look for something special.
Someone may want to buy coffee.
Or check out the pet store.
Don't touch the animals!
Chocolate sounds good!
We will meet in the food court for a snack.
We will stay in a group.
We will get back on the bus.
We will come back to school.

Petula Clark Concert
My mom, dad and I waited in line in the dark to see Petula Clark last Saturday.
The concert was at the Castro Theater in San Francisco.
It was crowded. We sat in front, but it was hard to see because of all the standing ovations.
She sang songs from her new CD. I sang along to "Downtown."
This is the second time I have seen Petula Clark.  She is my favorite singer.
After the show, she autographed souvenirs for me.
I also got my picture taken with her!
It was a great night in the city!

Fast, Fast Cars!
I like race cars.
Crash!
The race  car is on fire. He wasn't looking!
The End

Bowling is Fun!
Bowling is a sport. It is fun to bowl!
The place where you bowl is called a bowling alley.
This bowling alley has a big sign outside.
A bowling alley is 60 feet long.
You wear special shoes when you bowl.
Look at all the bowling shoes!
Bowling balls can come in many different colors. Each ball weighs 12 to 16 pounds.
This girl chose the red ball.
There are 10 bowling pins. A pin is 15 inches tall.
Look at the funny man! He is dressed up like a bowling pin!
A machine helps put the pins down on the alley.
This man throws the ball hard.
Will the bowling ball knock down all the pins?
Wow! The girl has only one more pin to knock down!
The scores are kept on a special screen.
Someone made a bowling alley out of snow!
The girl is happy! She got a strike! She knocked down ALL the pins!

Going to the Bathroom
Everyone uses the bathroom.
We use the bathroom many times during the day.
Sometimes we have to sit and wait.
Sometimes we have to sit for a long time.
Everyone uses the bathroom.

All About Plants
How do plants make food?
First, plants need water.
Second, plants make food in their leaves.
Insects and animals help plants make food. This helps plants grow stronger!
But some plants eat insects and animals. This plant is called the Venus Fly Trap!
This plant isn't an ordinary plant. It's a trap!
This is moss. It can survive with no food and no water.
This is a cactus. It has sharp needles like spears to protect itself.
This is poison ivy. It has poison on its leaves to protect itself.

I Love...
Love!
I love Coke!
I love my cat!
I love candy!
I love chips and queso!
I love the beach!
I love my dog!
I love listening to music!
I love a nice, hot bath!
But MOST of all...I love my husband!
The End

Spring
There are flowers in  
spring.
There is grass in the spring.
There are ducklings in the spring.
There are butterflies in the spring on the flowers.
This is spring.

The Wildlife Santuary
The Wildlife Sanctuary of Northwest Florida is a non-profit organization working to provide a sanctuary for wildlife.
The eagle is standing in the tree.
The baby is so cute.
We saw a large white bird.
The bobcats were mad. They growled at us.
I like bobcats.
The owl said "Cocoo, cocoo."
The duck was looking at us.
Then he went for a swim.
The heron had a long neck.
The fox was shy and hiding.
The hawk flies.

Tornadoes
Tornadoes
They can damage houses, cars and windows.
Tornadoes have high winds.
Tornadoes come from flat land in April, May and June
In the USA, tornadoes form most in Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas and Louisiana
Tornadoes are strong.

Beckey's Book
Tornadoes strike quickly.
This is a tornado in Wisconsin, part of Tornado Alley.
The sky looks so threatening before a tornado.
Kansas has a lot of tornadoes. It is part of Tornado Alley.
May is a common month for tornadoes.
Many places have shelters.

Tornado Survival Book
Tornadoes are powerful and dangerous.
Tornadoes cause a lot of damage.
Tornadoes are made of lots of wind.
Sometime tornadoes are called cyclones, dust devils and waterspots.
Tornadoes show up in the states of Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri and Kansas.

Let's Get Together
Let's Get Together!
What are you doing over spring break?
Why not get together with a friend?
Or a few friends.
How can you do that?
First, ask your mom if it is okay
Or ask your dad if it is okay.
Next, call your friend.
Do you have their telephone number?
You can find it in a telephone book.
You can find it in an address book.
Make sure it is not too late at night to call.
Have an idea of what you want to do before you call.
Maybe you want to go shopping.
Or watch a movie together.
Or just hang out together.
Whatever you decide to do... HAVE FUN!

My Tornado Story
It is a funnel cloud.
Tornadoes are dangerous.
Tornadoes was a 14th century sailor's word for a violent, windy thunderstorm.
Tornadoes occur on flat land.
Tornadoes occur in May, June and July.

Tornado
Tornadoes have very strong winds.
Tornadoes can cause a lot of damage.
Tornadoes can kill people.
If there is a tornado, hide in the basement or a downstairs bathroom.
Tornadoes can come when it's very bad outside.
This is a house that got hit by a tornado.
This is a damaged house after a tornado.

Babies, Babies, Babies
Babies are silly, cute, and little.
They are lots of fun to tickle.
Sleeping babies are so sweet.
Playing with mommy is always a treat.
Some babies are small, chubby, and fair.
And some babies purr and are covered with hair.
Babies, babies, babies.

Wrestlers
Jeff Hardy jumps off the ropes.
The Undertaker does the Tombstone Pile Driver.
Rey Mysterio jumps between the ropes and does the 619.
John Cena jumps off the ropes and does the elbow to the face.
Batista does the Batista Bomb.
The Boogeyman climbs up the ladder and jumps off.
Hulk Hogan is an old wrestler.
Wrestlers are cool!

A Day at the Park
A Day at the Park
Jake was sleeping. His mum woke him up.
It was a cold wet day. He wore his spotty slippers.
Mum lit the fireplace.
There was smoke coming out of the chimney.
The rain stopped. The sun came out in the sky.
Jake went outside. He smelled the flowers.
He went on the slide. It was very smooth.
After playing, it was time for dinner.
Jake ate spaghetti with a spoon.
He ate Smarties and a slice of cake for dessert.
After dinner, it was time to go to sleep. 
Good night, Jake.

Magic Bush Animals
"Look at me in the tree," said Grandma Poss.
"Look at me in the tree," said the dingo.
"Look at me in the tree," said the wombat.
"Look at me in the tree," said the koala.
"Look at me in the tree," said the echidna.

Our Environment at School
This is a large shade tree.
This tree has elephant leaves.
This is a big tree.
A tree has bark on it.
This tree has small leaves on it.
This tree has different coloured leaves.
We made this tree.
This is the tree we are growing.

At Camp with Gramps
Justin went to a camp with Gramps and Scamp.
They went to a cabin at the camp.
Stamp, stamp, stamp.  Up the ramp stomped Justin.
Then up the ramp jumped Scamp.
The cabin was damp.
"We will rust,"  said Gramps with a grin.
"Now go and play with Scamp," he said to Justin.
"Do not stamp.  Do not be a pest."
"Yes, Gramps,"  said Justin.  "I will let you rest."
"You are the best,"  said Gramps.
Justin went up and up and up a hill.
Tramp, tramp, tramp.  He went up fast.
He jumped over a nest.  He jumped over a stump.
Then he slipped and slid down fast.
Justin got a bump and a lump on his leg.
He limped back to the cabin.
Gramps got help.
Camp was good.  Camp went fast.
"Even with a cast, camp is still fun,"  said Justin.

Puppies
I love puppies!
This puppy looks confused.
This puppy is scratchy.
This puppy has a wet nose from licking it.
"I don't understand," says this puppy.
Mommy says, "It's time to come home."

Water
I like the water.
I like to swim.
I like to jump in the waves.
I like to sail.

Things I Do
I can look.
I can see.
I can gaze.
I can listen.
I can hear.
I can taste.
I can eat.
I can smell.
I can sniff.
I can feel.
I can hold.
I can touch.
I can think.
I can wish.
I can dream.

Leland and Pinocchio
Leland likes Pinocchio.
Pinocchio likes Leland.
Jiminy Cricket is Pinocchio's friend.
Pinocchio likes to dance and eat cake.
He also likes to write.
Leland would like to visit him some time. Good-bye for now.

Spring Break
Spring Break
On spring break, you can swim.
You can go snorkeling.
You can play baseball.
You can go to New York.
You can sleep.

Galveston
I want to go to Galveston.
I want to run on the beach.
I want to fish.
I want to walk along Sea Wall Blvd.
I want to visit Bishop's Palace.
I want to see the lighthouse
I want to eat at Gaidos.
I want to see the sun go down.

Summer
I like the sun.
I like the land.
I like rain.
I like fireworks.
I like rainbows.
I like the flower.
I like lollipops.
I like clovers.
I like the flower because it is pretty.
I like birds.
I like kites.
I like skater boys.
I like to kiss.

Visit California!
Visit California!
The state bird of California is the California Valley Quail.
The state flower of California is the Golden Poppy.
The capitol of California is Sacramento.
Another city to visit is San Diego.
California became a state on September 9, 1850.
California has America's highest waterfall, Yosemite Falls, which drops 2,425 feet.

Baseball Fields
Baseball games are fun to go to.
Baseball fields are big.
Lots of fans can fit in a baseball field.
Fields are in the city.
Fireworks are after the game.

Mother's Day
Once a year, we celebrate Mother's Day.
Mother's Day is celebrated in the spring when the flowers are blooming.
Which is why they're a traditional Mother's Day present.
Sweet treats are also a great way to make Mom smile.
Mother's Day is celebrated all over the world.
In America, Mother's Day is on the second Sunday of the month of May.
It is a day to let Mom sleep in late.
Breakfast in bed will also make Mom happy.
Reading poetry to Mom is sure to make her smile.
A handmade necklace is a great Mother's Day present.
A framed picture of yourself is a present Mom will cherish forever.
But spending time with Mom is what she loves best.

Favorite Food
I like doughnuts.
I eat strawberries because they're good.
Apples are good for you.
Peppers are hot.
Bananas are my favorite fruit.
Cupcakes are sweet.
I could eat a whole house.
I eat spaghetti.

My Favorite Things!
My Favorite Things!
My name is Kristin and these are a few of my favorite things...
My favorite hobby is clogging!
My favorite drink is Dr. Pepper!
My favorite food is Mom's chocolate gravy!
My favorite restaurant is Pizza Hut!
My favorite activity in P.E. is riding the scooter!
My favorite singer is Jordin Sparks!
My favorite candy is chocolate!

Black Cats
Brandon has a black cat.
The cat's name is Puffkin.
The black cat sits in the box.
The black cat is wearing a red coat.
The black cat sits on the couch.
The black cat is hiding in the grass.
The baby hugs the black cat.
The black cat is scary.
The black cat has yellow eyes.
The black cat has some white fur, too.
The black cat has a friend.
The black cat sits in the pumpkin.
The black cat sits on the bench.
The black cat runs.
The black cat walks in the snow.
Count the black cats.
The black cat is sniffing the flowers.
The black cat jumps.
The three black cats are sleeping.
The black cat is Superman.
The kitten is little.
The black cat is wearing a red collar.

Calamvale, Australia
We live in Australia.
We live in Queensland.
We live in Brisbane.
Our school is in Calamvale.
Our class is M7.
My desk is in the M7 room.

Football
Football is a fun game to play and watch.
Before the game, the players warm up.
The players catch the ball.
The players kick the ball.
The players run with the ball.
Football is a great sport.

Dora's Friends
This is Dora.
Boots is Dora's best friend.
I don't know if Swiper is Dora's friend.
Dora is my friend.  I love Dora the Explorer.

Bowling is Fun!
Bowling is fun!
My class will have fun.
First, we will each choose a ball.
Not too heavy, not too light.
I will pick the ball that is just right.
Next, I have shoes to pick.
I have to be sure they are the perfect fit.
I must be sure I have my socks on.
So I can have some bowling fun!

DINOSAURS
This dinosaur has big teeth. He is a meat eater. -Jese
This dinosaur is purple and has a long neck. 
      -Cadence
This is a picture of baby dinosaurs.
 -Ethan
This dinosaur has a long neck to eat plants.-Ahmed
This dinosaur has long claws to collect eggs. 
            -Kaden
This dinosaurs has horns on its head.
 - Hussain
This dinosaur has a big ROAR! - Vashti
This dinosuar has really big paws. -Jorja
This dinosaur is a Ceratops. - Shaan
This dinosaur has a very long tail. - Kaylyn
This is a T-Rex. He is a meat eater. -Bradley

Desert Animals
There are lots of animals that live in the desert.
A coyote lives in the desert.
A road runner lives in the desert.
A rattlesnake lives in the desert.
A kangaroo rat lives in the desert.
Birds live in the desert.
Rabbits live in the desert.
A camel lives in the desert.
Lizards live in the desert.

Dinosaurs
I love dinosaurs!
Dinosaurs come from eggs.
T-Rex is my favorite.
T-Rex eats dinosaurs for food.
Some eat grass and leaves.
Some run fast.
Some fly.
Some swim.
Some have three horns.
Some have sharp teeth.
Now they are in the museum.

Rain Makes ...
Rain makes the roses red.
Rain makes the leaves grow.
Rain makes the flower yellow.
Rain makes the clovers green.
Rain makes the flower blossom.
Rain makes the stems strong.
Rains makes the petals bright.
Rain makes the leaves bright.
Rain makes the yellow flower bloom.
Rain makes the leaves long.
Rain makes the flower pretty.
Rain makes the plants grow.

Where is Elmo?
Elmo is in the dryer.
Elmo is in the bed.
Elmo is in the water.
Elmo is in the cake.
Elmo is in the cart.
Elmo is in the city.
Elmo is in the chair.
Elmo is in the restaurant.
Elmo is in the tub.

Spring is Here!
The snow melts.
It rains a lot.
See the rainbow.
The weather is warmer.
Grass grows.
Trees bud.
Flowers bloom.
Animals have babies.
We love spring!

Tornado Facts
The tornado is cool, and it is black and scary.
They can damage cars.
Tornadoes are most likely to occur between 3p.m. and 9p.m. but can occur at any time.
The sky is often dark and  greenish.
It is black in the night time.
They can damage houses.
They come often in Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Kansas and Illinois.
They can damage a truck.
It is black and gray.
It can damage houses and cars.

Favorite Foods
I love to eat spaghetti.
I love to eat pizza.
I like grilled cheese sandwiches, too.
I love to eat macaroni and cheese.
French fries are my favorite!
What foods do you love to eat?

Subtract Some More
Let's subtract!
I had 3 Easter eggs.
1 egg broke.
2 eggs were left.
There were 6 Easter bunnies.
2 bunnies hopped away.
4 bunnies were left.
There were 4 baby chicks.
3 chicks took a nap.
1 chick was left to play.
There were 2 chocolate rabbits.
I ate 1.
Yum!!
There was 1 chocolate rabbit left.

Opposites
Opposites
It is broken.
It is fixed.
It is clean.
It is dirty.
It is empty.
It is full.
It is closed.
It is open.
It is fat.
It is thin.
It is tall.
It is short.
It is up.
It is down.
It is hot.
It is cold.
It is rough.
It is smooth.
It is big.
It is little.
It is in.
It is out.

Speed it Up, Slow it Down
The physics of motion is all about forces.
Forces need to act upon an object to get it moving or to change its motion.
Changes in motion won't just happen on their own.
How fast an object moves is sometimes called its speed or velocity.
Velocity can be changed by forces.
Acceleration is how much the velocity of an object changes over time.
Velocity can increase over time.
Velocity can decrease over time.
Forces are acting everywhere in the universe at all times.

I Like Pizza
I like pizza.
I like pizza with cheese.
I like pizza with pepperoni.
I like Pizza Hut.
I love pizza.

Puppies
Puppies 
by Anne Catalina and Taylor Coleman
Some puppies have wrinkles.
Some puppies have floppy ears.
Some puppies have a lot of fur.
Some puppies have a little bit of fur.
Some puppies have long bodies.
Some puppies love to play.
Some puppies love to sleep.
All puppies are very cute!

Creation
On the first day, God created light.
On the second day, God created sky...
and water.
On the third day, God created land.
On the fourth day, God created plants.
On the fifth day, God created animals.
On the sixth day, God created humans.
On the seventh day, God rested.

I Like Hockey
Those kids aren't as good as me.
They're racing down the hill.
They're having a hockey fight.
That's my favorite team.
He got hit by a puck.
They won.
He's good.
He's real good.
That's a nice helmet.
He's a good goalie.
They're having a face-off.
He's going for a break-away.
He scored!

Racing
Doing a catwalk.
Taking a jump.
They are racing.
Flying high in the air.
He is getting muddy.
Racing and taking jumps.
Cake flip!
This guy is taking a jump.
The sky is the limit.
The end

Walking to Cape Hatteras
We walked to Cape Hatteras.
We started in Clayton and went to the Outer Banks.
We logged over 250 miles.
The Cape Hatteras lighthouse is found on the Outer Banks of NC.
The Cape Hatteras lighthouse is the tallest brick lighthouse in the world.
It lights the way to safety at night.
It helps sailors when it is foggy.
The lighthouse also helps sailors when it is stormy.
In 1999, they moved the lighthouse to keep it safe.
Next time you go to the beach, look for a lighthouse.

The Baby Book
My mom is having a baby!
Yesterday, my Mom and I went to the basement and found my old baby toys.
We brought them upstairs for my baby brother.
I brought down some books from my room to bring to the baby's room.
I used my tooth fairy money to buy "Caps For Sale" for my new brother.
I am happy that I gave my books to the baby.
I'm excited to meet my new baby brother!

I Like to Eat
I like to eat bananas.
I like to eat spaghetti.
I like to eat eggs.
I like to eat apples.
I like to eat chicken.
I like to eat pears.
I like to eat candy.
I like to eat rice.
I like to eat cucumbers.

Spring
In the springtime, I
see puddles.
In the springtime, I see new plants that grow from the rain.
In the springtime, I see white flowers that grow from the rain.
In the springtime, I see one worm. Worms are gross!
In the springtime, I see a flag.
In the springtime, I see me and Daniel running.

Our Favorite Animals
He is cute.
He is so happy.
They are gorgeous.
He is small.
They are asleep.
They are cute, too.

Lightning
Lightning is my favorite thing.
The water reflects the lightning.
Lightning makes the sky bright.
Sometimes lightning is purple.
You can stay inside when there's a lightning storm.
You can see lightning through the water.

Wrestling Takes Hold
Wrestling Takes Hold
Wrestling is one of the oldest sports that people have taken part in.
Wrestling began as far back as 3000 B.C.
The first matches were part of the training for the military.
A long time ago, wrestling became a sport in the Olympic games. It is still an Olympic sport today.
Since 1920, both freestyle wrestling and Greco-Roman wrestling have been featured at the Olympics.
At the 2000 Olympic games, eight classes of wrestling in both Greco- Roman and freestyle were exhibited.
Wrestling takes skill and strength.

After School
After school, I like to color in Mimi's room.
I color pictures of Batman after school.
I like to use crayons because you get to color with them.
Mimi drops me off at my house after I finish coloring.
After Mimi brings me home, I eat dinner with my family.
Sometimes my Mom and Dad read with me after dinner.
When it is warm out, I ride my bike away from my house after we eat.
I go to play with my sister at the park, and we play tag.
I run away from the other people who try to tag me.
When all of the fun is done, it's time to go to bed.

American Flag
This is the American flag.
We say the Pledge of Allegiance to the flag every morning.
We stand up and look at the flag with our hand on our heart.
Justin says and signs the pledge every morning with his class.

White Bunnies
Bunny sits in green grass.
Bunny sticks his tongue out.
Bunny sits in a blue chair.
Bunny sleeps in my hand.
Bunny wants a carrot.
Bunny sits in dirt.
Bunny is on a leash.
Bunny eats green leaves.
Bunny eats green vegetables.
Bunny watches the clock.
Bunny wakes up.
Bunny is at a farm.
Bunny is looking at me.
Bunny is peeking.
Bunny is in front of the tree.
Bunny is in a cage.
Bunny is hopping away from the little girl. Go fast, bunny!

Cinderella
Cinderella was cleaning the floor.
Her stepmother found the letter to go to the ball.
The stepsisters can come, but you need to clean the floor.
The fairy godmother came, and she gave Cinderella a beautiful dress.
Cinderella went to the castle and met the prince.
They got married.

The Sad Story of Growly the Tiger
Growly the Tiger was a grumpy tiger.
A new tiger came near grumpy Growly.
They had a fight because they were baddies and they were tired.
Growly the Tiger died.
The man gave him a cuddle because he died.

Hayden's ABC Animals
A is for ape. A gorilla is one type of ape.
B is for bee. This is a honeybee taking nectar from a flower.
C is for cow. This cow is a Holstein.
D is for duck. He is sitting on a pier.
E is for elephant. This is a cute baby elephant.
F is for fox. Isn't this a cute  fox?
G is for giraffe. They live in the Savannah and eat trees with thorns.
H is for horse. This horse is white. It has black hair.
I is for iguana. This iguana is green and cute.
J is for jaguar. This is a big cat with sharp teeth and really cool spots.
K is for kangaroo. This is  a baby kangaroo called a joey.
L is for llama. Do you think this llama is cute?
M is for meerkat. I think this meerkat is so cute!
N is for newt. A newt is a type of salamander.
O is for owl. This is a snowy owl.
P is for penguin. This is an Emperor penguin.
Q is for quail. A quail is a type of bird.
R is for raccoon. This is a tall raccoon.
S is for snake. This is a boa constrictor.
T is for tiger. This is a Bengal tiger. This tiger is sleeping.
U is for umbrella bird. This type of bird is black.
V is for vampire bat. A vampire bat can suck blood.
W is for walrus.  A walrus can dive very fast under the water.
X is for x-ray fish. We've never heard of x-ray fish.
Y is for yak. This yak looks funny and friendly.
Z is for zebra. We love the zebra's stripes. They are unique, like a fingerprint for a zebra.

Ned Kelly
Ned Kelly was born on the 3rd of June 1854 and died on the 11th of November 1880 (aged 26).
Ned Kelly had a sister, Kate.
Ned was sentenced to death in Melbourne. He was born in Victoria.
Ned's armour is pretty old now.
He had a pistol as well.
This is a picture of Ned himself, his pistol and his armour.

Drums
Drums you like to bang.
Drums you like to rock.
Drums you like to rock all over the place.
Drums, I love you.

Duke Rules!
I love Duke.
Duke is the best team ever.
They have had a lot of good players.
These are some of their players now.
Here is their coach on the right.
Here is where they play.
They hang their best players' jerseys from the roof.
Duke rules!

Tools
This is my tool box.
This is my hammer.
This is my screw driver.
This is my saw.
This is my wrench.
This is my tape measure.
These are my pliers.
This is broken.

Kit-Kat
Kit-Kat is an orange cat.
Kit-Kat likes to take naps. Zzzzz!
Kit-Kat likes to hide outside. Can you find him?
Kit-Kat has a lot of friends.
Kit-Kat likes to read on the computer.
Look a kitten!

Aliens and Monsters
I like to watch movies.
There is a new movie coming out. It is about monsters and aliens.
The aliens are purple.
Their hands are purple.
Their feet are big.
The aliens are scary.
The monsters are creepy.
Some monsters can be green.
There is a blue monster named Bob.
I want to see the new movie at the theater!
We will have to buy a movie ticket.
Maybe I will get popcorn there.
It will be fun to see a movie at the theater!

I Like School
I like school. I like it a lot.
It's my favorite place, believe it or not.
I love blowing bubbles.
I love all the toys.
I love quiet,
and I love noise.
I love painting with feathers,
building with blocks,
reading good books,
and dancing in socks.
My teacher loves me. I know it's true.
She smiles and laughs the whole day through.
I'm a Pioneer kid. It's plain to see...
'cause I'm just as happy as a kid can be.

In the Springtime...
In the springtime, I see flowers.
In the springtime, I see green grass.
In the springtime, I see bees.
In the springtime, I see birds.
In the springtime, I see bushes.
In the springtime, I see flowered trees.
In the springtime, I see ladybugs.
In the springtime, I see rain.
In the springtime, I see wind.
In the springtime, I see bunnies.
In the springtime, I see Easter eggs.
In the springtime, I see baby birds.
In the springtime, I see pollen.
In the springtime, I see a swing.
In the springtime, I see colorful things.

The Colorflies
Butterflies can be colorful. It's true
Look at this lovely one. It's blue.
This one is red, and I have seen a few.
I like them green and other colors, too.
Butterflies can have a black hue.
But there are white ones that I like to view.
Orange butterflies in the morning dew.
Pink ones stop to say hi to you.
Brown butterflies are kind of new.
I like all the colors. What about you?!
I love the color of butterflies.
We should just call them colorflies.

Nick, Marielaina and Aimen's Book About Animals
A duck says, "Quack, quack."
A cow says, "Moo, moo."
A chicken says, "Cluck,cluck."
A horse says, "Neigh, neigh."

Say and Do
Say red and touch your head.
Say sky and touch your eye.
Say bear and touch you hair.
Say hear and touch your ear.
Say south and touch your mouth.
Say rose and touch your nose.
Say in and touch your chin.
Say rest and touch your chest.
Say farm and touch your arm.
Say yummy and touch your tummy.
Say bee and touch your knee.
Say neat and touch your feet.

Way up High in the Apple Tree
Way up high in the apple tree,
five little apples smiled at me.
I shook that tree as hard as I could.
Down came the apples and mmmmm were they good!

Weather
Sun
Clouds
Rain
Storm
Hail
Tornadoes
Ice
Snow

Antarctic Habitat
Antarctica is a continent at the bottom of the Earth. The South Pole is on Antarctica.
Most of Antarctica is covered with ice.
There are icebergs in Antarctica.
The average temperature in Antarctic summer is -30 Celsius.
The average temperature in the winter is - 40 Celsius.
It is the coldest place on Earth.
There is not much sunlight in the Antarctic winter.
It is too cold and icy for plants to grow in Antarctica.
Nobody lives in Antarctica, but there are scientists that study the habitat and the Antarctic wildlife.
Sometimes people visit Antarctica as tourists.
Penguins live in Antarctica.
There are Adelie penguins.
There are emperor penguins.
To help stay warm, penguins have a thick layer of fat under their skin.
Two layers of feathers make a thick waterproof coat for the penguins.
Penguins do not fly, but they are excellent swimmers.
Albatrosses live in the Antarctic.
You will find seals in the Antarctic. This is a leapord seal.
Whales live in the Antarctic sea.
The Antarctic habitat is home to only a few types of animals and very few plants.
It is a magnificent place!

My Clothes
These are things I wear when it is cold.
Coats
Scarf
Mittens
Hats
These are some things I wear when it is hot.
Swimsuits
Flip Flops
Shorts
Sunglasses
These are some things I wear when it is raining.
Raincoats
Boots
Rain hats
Umbrella

My Brother's Birthday
My little brother had a birthday.
He is 3 years old.
Our family bought a cake.
He blew out the candles.
We sang "Happy Birthday."
My little brother laughed.

My Favorite Things!
My name is Gregory and these are a few of my favorite things...
My favorite food is pickles!
My favorite restaurant is McDonalds!
My favorite movie is the Wiggles!
My favorite free choice activity is bouncing on the yellow ball!
My favorite drink is Dr. Pepper!
My favorite singer is Alan Jackson!
My favorite activity in school is clapping to the name song!

Wrestling
I love to watch wrestling.
This is John Cena.  I am a big fan of his.
Here he is again. I would love to have his autograph.
Sometimes their outfits look funny.
This is Batista.
John is the champ.

Baritones
I have played the baritone since 2005.
Baritones are the steps down of the tuba.
The tubas are the biggest baritones.
The baritone that you play in marching band is called the marching baritones.
Also, the saxophone like the baritones  is called the baritone saxophone.
I will be in the marching band next school year. I am really excited.

I am Reading
Reading is fun.
You can read to find things out.
You can read by the water.
You can read with friends.
You can read in the library.
You can read in the garden.
You are never too old to read...
or too young.
You can read with a pet.
Don't try this at home!
This is a very big library with lots of books to read.
You can have a book club.
Have fun reading!

Exploring China
This is a picture of a city in China.
This is a pug dog getting ready for the Chinese New Year!
This is a picture taken in the morning of a body of water.
This is Hong Kong, a city in China.
This is Bund, a sightseeing tunnel.
This is another picture in Hong Kong.
This is a market in China. A market is a place where people can buy things.
These are soldiers in China.
This is the Great Wall of China. Why do you think they built this large wall?
This is a woman in China with her child.
Some mountains in China.
In China, many people use bikes to get to where they need to go.
Did you know that Pandas live in China too?
In China, people drink a lot of tea.

Animals Can...
The birds can fly.
The frog can hop.
The ducks can swim.
The cats can play.
The tiger can run.
The birds can sit in the tree.
The ducks can walk.
The koala can climb.
The lion can sleep.
The squirrel can eat.

Pretending to be a Rose
I like to pretend my hand
is a rose,
that quietly unfolds
as it grows.
My fist
is a rosebud closed up tight,
with not a tiny speck of light.
Then slowly the petals unfold,
and a full grown rose
in my hand I hold.

Sensory Book
Face, yes a happy face!
Eyes, what sad eyes.
Nose, an ugly nose.
Ears, what cute ears.
Mouth, a small mouth.
Neck, a big neck.
Shoulders, square shoulders.
Knees, round knees.
Leg, this leg is up.
Ankle, the ankle is down.
Feet, they are white feet.
Me, I am colorful me.

Man on the Flying Trapeze
Oh, he floats through the air with the greatest of ease,
the daring young man,
on the flying trapeze.
His actions are graceful,
all kids he does please.
My dad is that man on the flying trapeze!

Birthdays!
We like birthdays.
For my birthday, I want ballerina shoes!
-Daisy
For my birthday, I want drums.
-Cassie
For my birthday, I want a baseball glove!
-Jacob
For my birthday, I want a baseball glove too!
-J.D.
For my birthday, I want a football.
-Darius
I want a Scooby Doo birthday.
-Elizabeth
For my birthday, I want a Barbie doll.
-Ty
For my birthday, I want Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
-Paulie
For my birthday, I want another puppy dog.
-Ms. Marini
For my birthday, I want a Nintendo Wii.
-Ms. Icenhour
For my birthday, I would like a little kitten. 
-Ms. Lemonds
For my birthday, I would like some new furniture.
-Mrs. Johnson
For my birthday, I would like to spend time with my class!
-Mr. Bare

The Circus
A tent does not make a circus.
Two tigers do not make a circus.
Three elephants do not make a circus.
Four clowns do not make a circus.
Five horses do not make a circus.
Six monkeys do not make a circus.
Seven dancers do not make a circus.
Eight dogs do not make a circus.
Nine musicians do not make a circus.
Ten children do not make a circus.
All together they make a circus, and all together we'll have lots of fun!

I Like Shrek
I like Shrek.
I like Fiona.
I like Donkey.
I like Puss in Boots.

Dora and Diego
I see Dora.
I see Boots.
Let's find Diego!
I see Diego.
Let's play!
Christopher wants to play.

DINOSAURS
I see a Triceratops.
-Mellissa
I see dinosaur bones.
-Matthew
The Brontosaurus eats leaves.
-Nicholas
Baby dinosaurs are hatching.
-Logan
Some dinosaurs have sharp teeth.
-Sarah
Aliosaurus is big.
-Angelika
Some dinosaurs have feathers.
-Cohen
I see flying dinosaurs.
-Savannah
Stegosaurus has spikes.
-Denis
Some dinosaurs swim.
-Tanika
Some dinosaurs eat meat.
-Carson
Spinosaurus has a sharp spine.
-Zackery
I see a dinosaur with 3 horns.
-Alliyah
I see a dinosaur footprint.
-Reese
Dinosaurs are colorful.
-Dalton
Dinosaurs have wrinkly skin.
-Callan

Eating Colors
We eat colors.
Red apple.
Orange pumpkins.
Yellow banana.
Green lettuce.
Blue berries.
Purple grapes.
Pink strawberries.
Brown brownies.
Black olives.
Rainbow candy.
YUM!

The Farm
Oh come to see my farm, for it is beautiful.
The duck says, "Hello! Quack, quack."
Oh come my good friends, oh come my good friends, oh come and visit my farm.
The chick says, "Hello! Peep, peep."
The cow says, "Hello! Moo, moo."
The pig says, "Hello! Oink, oink."
The donkey says, "Hello! Hee-haw, hee-haw."
The dog says, "Hello! Bow wow."
The rooster says, "Hello! Cock-a-doodle-doo."
The cat says, "Hello! Meow, meow."

Zack & Cody
I love to watch the Zack and Cody Show.
This is Zack.
This is Cody.
Zack and Cody have lots of fans.
I wish I could have their autograph.  That would be great.

This Little Piggy
This little piggy went to market.
This little piggy stayed home.
This little piggy had roast beef.
This little piggy had none.
This little piggy cried, "Wee, wee, wee," all the way home.

Itsy Bitsy Spider
The itsy bitsy spider,
went up the waterspout.
Down came the rain and washed the spider out.
Out came the sun and dried up all the rain,
and the itsy bitsy spider went up the spout again.
The big, enormous spider went up the waterspout.
Down came the rain and washed the spider out.
Out came the sun and dried up all the rain,
and the big, enormous spider went up the spout again.

Italy
Welcome to the country of Italy.
This is the Italian flag.
This is the Leaning Tower of Pisa.  Be careful!
Venice is a beautiful city but bring your life jacket!
This is the great Colosseum.
Here is the majestic Parthenon.
The beautiful Trevi Fountain is in Italy.
There are many yummy foods in Italy!  This is risotto.
This is Garfield's favorite lasagna.
Here is a favorite of many of ours, pizza.
This is gnocchi, which is made from potatoes.

The Doodle Bops
I see the Doodle Bops.
I see Moe.
I see Deedee.
I see Rooney.
I love the Doodle Bops.

The Wiggles
I see the big red car.
I see Razz the dog.
I see Greg.
I see Anthony.
I see the Captain.
I see Dorothy.
I see the Wiggles.

Owls Have Wings
Owls have wings.
When they fly, their wings are out.
Wings!
Wings!
Wings!
Wings!
Wings!
When they sit, their wings are in.
Sitting on a branch.
Sitting!
Sitting!

Spring is Here
All the grass is turning green,
turning green,
turning green.
All the grass is turning green.
Spring is here.
All the flowers are growing tall,
growing tall,
growing tall.
All the flowers are growing tall.
Spring is here.
All the birds are building nests,
building nests,
building nests,
All the birds are building nests.
Spring is here.
All the trees are budding now,
budding now,
budding now.
All the trees are budding now.
Spring is here.

Falling Leaves
Little leaves,
are falling down.
Red,
yellow,
orange,
brown.
Whirling twirling,
round and round.
Falling,
softly to the ground.

A Fan of Taylor Swift
I love her music.
I have her music from her Fearless cd on my ipod.
My favorite song she sings is Love Story.
I would love to see her in concert. I would also love to meet her in person.
I think she is a good role model for young girls.

Three Little Monkeys
Three little monkeys sitting in a tree teasing Mr. Alligator.
Can't catch me! Can't catch me!
Along came Mr. Alligator.
Quiet as can be.  Snap!
Two little monkeys sitting in a tree teasing Mr. Alligator.
Can't catch me! Can't catch me!
Along came Mr. Alligator.
Quiet as can be.  Snap!
One little monkey sitting in a tree teasing Mr. Alligator.
Can't catch me! Can't catch me!
Along came Mr. Alligator.
Quiet as can be.  Snap!
No little monkeys sitting in a tree.

On the Way to Paula's House
On the way to Paula's house,
I found a small grey mouse.
I tried to get a close up peek,
the frightened mouse went eeek.
He ran right under a sleeping dog.
I screamed and jumped like a frightened frog.
Let this be a lesson on the reason why,
it's better to let a sleeping mouse lie.

Cars
I like the blue car.
I like the orange car.
I like the red car.
I like the green car.
I like the yellow car.
I like the black car.
I want the blue car!

Frogs!
Frogs
Some frogs are green.
Frogs live in ponds.
Frogs have big eyes.
Frogs have long legs.
Frogs have a big mouth.
Frogs are animals.
Frogs eat insects.

Owls
Owls are birds.
Owls have wings.
Wings.
Owls have feathers.
Feather.
Owls have a head.
Owls have eyes and a beak.
Eyes and a beak.
Owls have a breast.
Owls have feet called talons.
Owls in a nest.
Owls have a home.
Owls sit in tree branches.
Owls sit way up high in trees.
Owls have babies.
Owls are awake at night.

I Like Disney
I like Disney characters.
I like Tinkerbell.
I like Mickey Mouse.
I like Minnie Mouse.
I like Goofy.
I like Tigger.
I like Donald Duck.
I like the Disney Channel.
I like Hannah Montana.
I like Playhouse Disney.
I like Disney.

Summer Time Fun
In the summer, you can go to the beach.
You can swim in the ocean.
You can swim at the pool.
You can work on your tan.
You can grill food outside.
You can go to a baseball game.
You can catch fireflies.
You can play hide and seek.
The summer is a great time for doing many things!

Global Warming
Global warming can be seen across the world.
Industries are releasing gases that are harmful to our atmosphere.
More cars on the road lead to more carbon monoxide in the atmosphere.
Land clearing eliminates trees that produce valuable oxygen.
Increased temperatures are leading to melting icebergs.
The coldest places are now getting warmer, causing changes in the environment.
Animals like polar bears are finding less snow to travel on.
Due to the changes, polar bears are being forced to swim to locate food.
We must take better care of our world.
Or it will never be the same again.

Government Branches
Our government is responsible for making many decisions.
Congress is known as the Legislative Branch of government.
The Legislative Branch is responsible for making the laws.
The Supreme Court is known as the Judicial Branch of government.
The Judicial Branch of government settles disagreements in the laws.
The White House is known as the Executive Branch of government.
The Executive Branch of government makes sure U.S. laws are obeyed.
Together, each branch of government work to improve our society.

Measurement
A scale measures weight.
A ruler is good for measuring inches and centimeters.
This ruler measures snow.
This thermometer measures the temperature.
This thermostat measures the temperature inside of a house.
This clock measures time.
Through measurement we are able to understand our world.

The "at" Word Family
She is a cat.
Where is the bat?
Do you see three cats?
Look at the bat!
Do you like the hat?
I can see the three bats.
Do you see my rat?
Where is the hat?
This is a vat.
He has a mat.
I like that hat.

Powerpuff Girls
The Powerpuff Girls are heroes.
They were made by a scientist named Professor Utonium.
He accidentally dumped in Chemical X.
Buttercup, Blossom, and Bubbles made a new Powerpuff Girl with a computer, some flowers,
some bubbles, more flowers, another computer, and then they dumped in Chemical X.
Mojo Jojo used machines to make animals that attacked the Powerpuff Girls.
The girls beat him up.

There was Little Turtle
There was a little turtle,
who lived in a box. He swam in a puddle.
He climbed on the rocks.
He snapped,
at a mosquito.
He snapped,
at a flea.
He snapped,
at a minnow,
and he snapped at me!
He caught the mosquito.
He caught the flea.
He caught the minnow.
But he didn't catch me.

A World of Colors
Red
Orange
Yellow
Green
Blue
Purple
Pink

Care Bears
I have four Care Bears.
I have a lot of Care Bears.
I have Champ Bear.
I have Sunshine Bear.
I like to play with my Care Bears.
My favorite bear is Heart Bear.
I like Care Bears!

I Love Flowers
I love Gerber daisies.  They brighten my day.
I am not sure which color is my favorite.
They are all so beautiful.
They all have their own individual beauty.
You can be very creative with flowers.
I don't think I will ever choose a favorite color because I love them all.
I could look at Gerber daisies all day long.

Kittens
The kitty is nice.
Daddy and mommy cats.
A can with plants.
Kitty looks at Joey.
Kitty is mad.
Cat loves Dylan.

Kittens
That little kitten is happy.
That cat is sleepy.
That cat is shy.
That kitty is white.
That kitty is mad.
That kitty is on the door.

Kittens
That man holds that kitty.
That kitty is sleeping with mom.
That kitty behind the plant is hiding.
That kitty is white.
That kitty has fur.
That kitty is on top of the door.

Hermit Crabs
I like Speed Racer. Speed Racer is the name of our crab.
The Hulk is fast!
The crabs crawl.
I like hermit crabs.

Wild Animals
This lion is roaring.
This tiger is hunting the antelope.
This cheetah is hunting zebras.
This alligator is in the water.
This king cobra is striking.
This hippo is sleepy.
This antelope hears the lions.
This rhino is playing in that river.
This giraffe is thirsty.
This gorilla is thinking.
This zebra loves the other zebra.
This elephant is walking over the road.

I Like Cars
That's a fast, red car. I like it.
That's a little, yellow car. I like it.
That's a fast, yellow car. I like it.
That's a fast, blue car. I like it.
That's a striped, black car. I like it.
That's an old, red car. I like it.
That's a sleek, fast car. I like it.
That's a fancy, maroon car. I like it.
I like cars!

Kittens
This is a cat chasing a rat.
The cat is chasing those dogs.
That cat likes his big mom.
The cat is looking for food.  He is starving.
The people try to hold those cats and be nice to them.
That cat is not very nice.
The cat wants to jump on the dogs.

Boe the Hairy Monster
Boe was a hairy monster.
He lived in a garden,
with a rake and hoe.
At night, he would come out and hoe the garden.
He had ten toes on the end of his feet.
They were very big toes.
In the morning, he would play his oboe.
He would tap his toes to the beat of the music.
Boe was a very happy monster.

Kristen's Trip to Hawaii
I want to go to Hawaii.
We will stay at the Hale Koa hotel in Honolulu.
I want to surf in Hawaii.
I want to hula dance when I go to Hawaii.
I want to eat bananas when I go to Hawaii.
I do NOT want to eat pineapple when I visit Hawaii.
We will go to the beach in Honolulu, Hawaii!
We will take an airplane when we travel to Hawaii.
Aloha!

This Little Fairy
This little fairy,
likes to dance the waltz.
This little fairy,
likes to sleep in the moss.
This little fairy,
bathes in the dew.
This little fairy,
watches you!

Why
Oh, little bird up in the sky,
why do you fly so high, so high?
Does this imply that you are shy,
or did you spy my cat nearby?

Show me the Money
The dollar sign means money.
Pennies are money.
Nickels are money.
Dimes are money.
Quarters are money.
Dollars are money.
Twenties are money.
Hundreds are money.
Everyone loves money.

Animals at the Zoo
The elephants are big!
The lion likes to roar!
The crocodile 
is mad.
Hippo is fat.
Monkeys are silly.
Rhinos are tough.
Penguins are cold.
Snakes are scaly.
Warthogs are muddy.
Meerkats are small.

Yolanda the Panda
Yolanda the Panda slurps candy for lunch.
It dribbles all over her hand.
I have a hunch,
having candy,
so handy,
is making her tummy expand.

I Like School
I like school. I like it a lot. It's my favorite place, believe it or not.
I love blowing bubbles.
I love all the toys.
I love the quiet, and I love the noise.
I love painting with feathers,
and building with blocks,
reading good books,
and dancing in socks.
My teacher loves me. I know it's true.
She smiles and laughs the whole day through.
I'm a Pioneer kid. It's plain to see.
'Cause I'm just as happy as a kid can be.

Stretch
I stretch and stretch and find it fun,
to try to reach up to the sun.
I bend and bend to touch the ground,
then I twist and twist around.
Stretch to the windows,
stretch to the door,
stretch to the ceiling,
and bend to the floor!

SpongeBob
SpongeBob is singing rock and roll songs on the stage.
SpongeBob is throwing jelly donuts at the people that don't like his music!
SpongeBob and Patrick were surfing on a big pile of stinky garbage!
SpongeBob is eating his own sugary cereal, and he loves it!

The Planets
Here are all of our planets!
Here are the outer planets; Pluto, Neptune, Uranus, Saturn, and Jupiter.
Pluto takes 249 years to orbit the Sun.
Neptune has eight moons.
Uranus is made out of gas and liquid and has at least 21 moons.
Saturn's rings are made of rocks.
Jupiter is the largest planet in our solar system.
Here are the inner planets; Mars, Earth, Venus, and Mercury.
Mars is called the 'Red Planet' because of the color of the soil.
Earth is the largest inner planet. We live on Earth!
Venus has a thick atmosphere that traps heat.
Mercury is closest to the Sun.
The Sun is a star made of gas. All our planets are heated by the sun and they orbit around the sun.

Great Friendships!
You can find FRIENDSHIPS all around!
FRIENDSHIPS are found in schools...
or driving around town!
FRIENDSHIPS are in groups, short and tall.
FRIENDSHIPS can be very colorful. They always have a ball!
FRIENDSHIPS have great times!
And always together!
FRIENDSHIPS always share a hand.
FRIENDSHIPS can last forever!

March Madness
It's that time again.
Make your selections.  Make sure to pick your upsets.
Root for your favorite teams.
Find a good location to watch the event.
Don't worry.
You can try to beat me next year.

Parts of a Book
Parts of a Book
This is the front of the book.
This is the title page.
This is the back cover.
The author writes the book.
The illustrator draws the pictures for a book.
Now let's read.

Shapes
Can you see something in the shape of a square?
What is the shape of a circle?
What shape is the sail on the boat?
This sign has eight sides. It is an octagon.
This entrance is an arch.
What shapes can you see here?
This is a pentagon. It has five sides.
What is the shape of a rectangle?
Look at this walkway and the trees. What shape does it make?
What shape is the ferris wheel?
Can you see the oval shape?
What shapes can you see here?
How many triangles can you see?
Look! What shapes can you see around you?

My Alien Friends
One day, I met two alien friends.
They asked me to go for a ride on their spaceship.
So I jumped into their spaceship.
We went to a new world!

Little Red Riding Hood
Mummy told Little Red Riding Hood to visit her grandma.
She took a basket of fruit with her.
She walked through the woods.
Little Red Riding Hood got lost.
She met a wolf.
So she ran to her grandma's house.
She knocked on the door, and the wolf pretended to be the grandma.
Little Red Riding Hood killed the wolf.

Little Sister Goes to the Zoo
My little sister is going to the zoo.
She saw a tired puppy.
She saw two roaring lions.
She saw a mummy hippo and a baby hippo.
Then she went home to sleep.

Rabbit Friends
Milly and Max were friends.
Max heard something in the grass.
He hopped away to find out what it was.
It was a lost, hungry, baby bunny.
Milly gave the baby something to eat.
Now they were happy.

Scott Likes Trucks
Five trucks at the toll booth.
One big green truck.
Nine orange trucks.
One yellow van.
One red truck and one yellow truck.
One red pick up truck.
One red and white tow truck.
One blue tow truck.
I see the engine.
One big orange truck.
What do you see?
One old orange truck.
What color is this truck?
This is a yellow truck cab.
One new blue truck.
Three green truck cabs.
One blue truck with BIG wheels.
How many trucks do you see?

Peter's Football Dream
Peter, get ready for the game.
Run with the ball.
Peter yells, "Hut, hut, hike."
Give it a good kick.
Tackle!
Touchdown!
And then the dance.
I love to get muddy.
Peter says, "I love football!"

My Best Friend and Me
My bestfriend and I love the beach!
We go to the beach and make friendship bracelets out of seashells.
We build sand castles.
Sometimes we put seashells on the castle, but we pick the really pretty ones.
When the sun sets, it is time for us to go home.
Maybe we can have another adventure tomorrow.
The End

I Love Rain
I see rain.
Look at the rain.
I have an umbrella.
I have boots.
I can play in the rain.
I love rain!

Cars
This is the car.
This is the Pontiac GTO.

It is red.
This is the Dodge Challenger.  

It is red.
This is the Ford Mustang.

It is white.
This is the Saab.
This is the Chrysler 300C.

It is white.
This is the Chevy Corvette.

It is yellow.
This is the Audi.
This is the Saturn.  

It is red.
This is the Toyota Tacoma.

It is black.
I like cars.

Places I Want to Visit
I would like to go to New Jersey.
I would like to go to Disney World.
I would like to go to Georgia and stay in a hotel.
I want to go to New York City.
I would like to go to Houston.
After all of my traveling, I want to go home!

Lucky Lucy
Lucky Lucy makes 500 gallons of maple syrup every day.
She delivered 100 gallons to each state in three minutes.
Her friend is Paul Bunyon.
One day, she got new tools that she used to drill holes in the trees.
Lucky Lucy and Paul Bunyon lived in Maine.

CARS!
Cars are hot!
There are many cars in the world.
There are old cars.
This is an old car.
Is this an old car?
There are new cars.
There are sporty cars.
This is a sporty car.
Because of high gas prices, there are many small cars.
Small cars look funny but they save money.
Cars go fast.
Cars take you many places.
These are old cars stuck in a traffic jam.
These are newer cars on an interstate.
This is Sally. She just got a used car for her birthday.
She has to drive safely even with her crazy friends in her car.
She has to be careful on wet roads at night.
She should drive slowly in the snow.
If she's not careful, she will wreck!
Her vehicle could catch on fire!
It might end up in the junkyard.
A policeman might come and give Sally a ticket in his police car.
Look how many different types of cars there are!
There are fast cars, like this race car.
There are slow cars, like this old car.
People LOVE cars, like this one from the movie, Cars.
This is a painting of a car.
This car is painted.
Someone painted this one! Its motor is sticking out of the hood.
There is a butterfly painted on the hood of this car.
People put messages on their cars.  Lots of cars have bumper stickers.
Girls like cars.
Girls buy and sell cars.
We drive off into the sunset with our cars. Can you imagine the world without them?

What Will You Do on Spring Break?
Mrs. Worthington will spend time with her 3 girls.
Tyler will play soccer.
Makenna will play with her dog.
Quentin will play with his dinosaur toys.
James will play with his new puppies.
Jonathan will play with his shark toys.
Zane likes to play on his skateboard.
Cameron will play with his dinosaur toys.
Jakob will play with his cat.
Damien will play with his shark toys.

Things I Like
I like the beach.
I like waterfalls.
I like good food.
I like animals.

Spring
I like little shoes.
I like to smell the flowers.
I like to go to the garden.
I like tulips.
I like playing in the rain.
I like climbing the mountains.
I like petting baby lambs.
I like listening to the thunder.
I like to feel the sunshine.
I like the merry-go-round.
I like rainbows.
I like chipmunks.
I like to baby ducklings swim in the water.
I like to smell many flowers in the garden.
I like to run in the fields.
I like to swim.
I like to play peek-a-boo.
I like to play dress up with my sister.
I like to ride bike.

Transportation
Cars are a form of transportation.
Airplanes are a form of transportation.
Boats are a form of transportation.
Ships are a form of transportation.
Bicycles are a form of transportation.
Motorcycles are a form of transportation.
Trains are a form of transportation.
What are other forms of transportation?

Spring
Today is the first day of spring.
It is time to take a dolphin boat ride.
It is the time when we see a ladybug.
I see three different ladybugs on a branch.
There are so many beautiful pink flowers.
Now it is time for spring rain.

High School Musical
High School Musical is fun to watch!
I have seen all three of the movies.
High School Musical 3 was the best!
I like to listen to the songs.
A Night to Remember is my favorite song from High School Musical 3.
The clothes and shoes in the movie were so pretty.
My favorite girl in the movie is Gabriella.
My favorite boy in the movie is Troy.
I hope that there will be a High School Musical 4!

Flowers
This is a beautiful vase of yellow flowers.
Welcome to a French garden.
The dragonfly lands on the stem of a flower.
Poppies are beautiful and bright.
Let's smell the roses.
This is a bird of paradise.
Water lilies are floating on the pond.
A Monarch butterfly flitting around the flowers.

Dogs! Dogs!
I like to swing.
I like to look out the window.
I  like o dress up.
I like the snow.

My Chair and I
This is where I spend most of my time.
I am a senior in high school.
I use my wheelchair to go from class to class.
For gym class, I ride a stationary bike and walk in my walker.
I go to church with my family.
I love to sing in the choir.
Yoga helps me relax.
I have three sisters and one brother.
My dad and I watch the game together. We really get into it!
Even though I am in a wheelchair, I still do things I love to do.

Starfish Party
I love starfish.
Starfish live under the sea.
I like to go under water and find them.
I even had a starfish cake for my birthday.
I'm all about starfish.

I Want to Thank...
I want to thank my mom for letting me play outside by myself. (Jaden)
I want to thank my grandma for giving me lots of red Power Rangers. (Jason)
I want to thank Non for making me Sponge Bob macaroni and cheese. (Dakota)
I want to thank my daddy for taking me deer hunting. (Mackenzie)
I want to thank my dad for buying me a PSP and games. (Donavin)
I want to thank Noah for playing football with me. (Micah)
I want to thank my mom for taking care of me. (Samuel)
I want to thank my mom for letting me cheer.  (Tori)
I want to thank my mom for buying me a phone. (Jake)

The Best Nest
A nest is a home for a bird in a tree.
In her beak, she gathers sticks and strings.
She weaves them together while she sings.
"Cheep, cheep," say the birds as they sit in their nest.

Kiki and Trent
Hi! My name is Kiki.
This is my room. I live here with my best friend, Trent.
Trent and I like to play with beads.
We also like to play basketball.
We like to eat noodle soup with crackers.
Another thing we like to eat is spaghetti.
Sometimes Mom brings us mashed potatoes and gravy from Kentucky Fried Chicken.
We like to drink lots and lots of water.
Trent and I like to watch TV. The Wiggles is one of our favorite shows.
But Barney is the best!
Trent and I love to play on our guitar.
My book is done!

Tiger Fun
Mom and I have fun.
My mom is soft.
My mom is strong.
My mom plays with me.

My Week
This is my week.
On Monday, I go swimming.
On Tuesday, I play football.
On Wednesday, I do yoga.
On Thursday, I play tennis.
On Friday, I watch "The Simpsons" on TV.
On Saturday, I go shopping in the supermarket.
On Sunday, I write emails.

My Favorite Things
My kitchen.
My artwork.
I love art!
My dressing table.
Baby changing table.
My phone.
My dollhouse.
My things!

The Three Little Pigs
There was a mommy pig who had three baby pigs.
The first pig built his home in 1 hour.
He built it with straw.
The second pig built his home in 12 hours.
He built it with sticks.
The third pig built his home in 24 hours or 1 day.
He built it with bricks.
The three pigs did not know the wolf was near.
And he was HUNGRY!
He blew down the first pig's home that was made of straw.
He blew down the second pig's home that was made of sticks.
He tried to blow down the third pig's home that was made of bricks, but it did not work.
The wolf was ANGRY because he could not blow down the house made of bricks.

Fire Drill
I hear the fire alarm. It is very loud. There is a fire drill.
The teacher tells the kids to line up at the door. Shhh! Be quiet!
The kids go out the exit door. They have to get out of the school.
The kids wait outside for the fire drill to end. Shhh! Be quiet!

Our D Book
Dd
D is for dog.
D is for duck.
D is for doughnut.
D is for dance.
D is for Mrs. Dockery.
D is for deer.
D is for drum.
D is for dinosaur.
D is for door.
D is for donkey.
D is for Miss Duncan.
D is for desert.
D is for dolphin.
D is for Mrs. DeRatt.
D is for daisies.
Dd

My Australian Animal
The Frilled-neck Lizard is an Australian animal.
The Frilled-neck Lizard is a reptile because it is cold blooded.
It has scales and a frill around its neck.
It lives in the hot, northern areas of Australia.
The Frilled-neck Lizard eats spiders, insects and small mammals, like mice.
Lizards rely on the sun to keep their body warm.

My Australian Animal
This is an echidna.
The echidna is a mammal and monotreme because it lays eggs.
It has sharp spines and claws.
The echidna is only found in Australia. They are usually found amongst rocks, in hollow logs and near bushland.
It uses its claws to dig out termites from ant hills and logs.
Baby echidnas are called puggles.

Ancient Egypt
Egypt is hot and dry. The land is mostly desert.
The Nile River flows through Egypt.
Ancient Egyptians built pyramids.
They also built the Sphinx.
Ancient Egyptians wrote with hieroglyphics.
They invented paper made out of papyrus.
Ancient Egyptians invented the 365-day calendar.
The Ancient Egyptians invented a clock.

Pigs! Pigs! Pigs!
Pigs are my favorite animal.
Pigs come in many different colors.
Pigs cool off in the mud.
Pigs have curly tails.
A pig's nose is called a snout.
Pigs are intelligent animals.
Pigs are lazy.
Baby pigs are called piglets.
I love pigs!

Fast Bikes
The best bike around is a Hog!!!
The black bike is faster than the blue bike.
This bike is good for show and tell.
Riding with friends is better.
This is a Low Rider!
Three wheelers are good for doing donuts.
Let's drag race!
Bad to the bone!
The end

People
People
Some people have black hair.
Some people have blond hair.
Some people have blue eyes.
Some people have brown eyes.
Some people have dark skin.
Some people have light skin.
Some people live in houses.
Some people live in huts.
Some people go places in a car.
Some people ride a bike.
I like learning about people.

Puppies
I love puppies.
Puppies like to run.
Puppies like to take a bath in a tub.
Puppies like   to play tug of war.
Puppies like   to have fun.

Bowling
April 20th is the last day of bowling!
You need a ball.
You need shoes.
You need pins.
You can get a strike.
I love to go bowling.

The Three Little Pigs and the Big Bad Wolf
The big, bad wolf is looking for something to eat.
The three little pigs have to go out and build houses.
This little pig made his house out of straw.
This little pig made his house out of sticks.
This little pig made his house out of bricks.
The big, bad wolf huffed and he puffed, and he blew the straw house down.
The big, bad wolf huffed and he puffed, and he blew the stick house down.
The big, bad wolf huffed and puffed, but could not blow the brick house down.

The Three Little Pigs
The big bad wolf is hungry.
This little pig made his house out of hay.
This little pig bought some sticks for $2.00.
This little pig made his house out of bricks. Now he is chilling.
The first little pig made his house out of hay.
The second little pig made his house out of sticks.
The third little pig made his house out of bricks.

The 3 Little Pigs
This little pig made his house out of sticks.
This little pig made his house out of hay.
This little pig made his house out of bricks.
The big bad wolf wanted to eat the pigs.
The big bad wolf blew the stick house down.
The wolf blew the straw house down.
The big bad wolf huffed and puffed, but could not blow the brick house down.

Outside
I like to play outside with my friends.
I like to hold on to the monkey bars.
I like to play on the swing in the playground.
I like to go fast down the slide.
It is fun when my friends and teachers are at the park with me!
The Lowell School is so much fun!

Sports Cars
These cars are really fast.
This car is parked in front of a church.
This is the coolest, fastest car ever.
This is a very strange, slow car.
This is a sporty racing car.
What a lovely colour of car!
This looks like the Bat Mobile.
This red car looks like a lamborghini.

Look on the Lighter Side
Tunnel of light
Sparkling reflections on the water
Night light
Glowing cubes
Patterns on the freeway
Spinning ferris wheel all lit up
If I just close my eyes a little bit...
Deck the halls
City of lights
Chain of lights over the water

Baby Echo Finds Echo at Last
One day Baby Echo was looking for his mother.
He looked and looked, but he couldn't see her.
So he hopped over to the middle of the big branch.
He looked and looked there, but he still couldn't see her.
So he hopped over to the very edge of the big, long branch.
He looked and looked there, but he still couldn't see her.
He sat up and thought, "Where is my mother?"
Just then, he heard a noise behind him.  He turned around and looked down.
Baby Echo saw his mother.  At last, he was happy.

Tools, Tools, Tools!
This is a drill.
This is a drill bit.
The drill bit fits into the drill.
The drill makes a hole in the wood.
This is a screw.
This is a screwdriver.
The screwdriver fits into the screw.
The screwdriver turns the screw.

All About War
This is a war helicopter.
Feeling sad because he lost his friend.
A tank can go anywhere over any land.
Skydivers are brave!
Flames are shooting out from the cannon.
Skydivers are coming down.
This soldier is having fun with a little girl.
This soldier is helping a teenager.
This is a soldier trying on a mask.

Spring Time in Salem, Ohio
Spring is here!
In spring time, flowers grow on the trees.
In the spring, flowers come out of the ground.
In the fall, we like to pick sunflowers, and eat sunflower seeds that we planted in the spring.
In the spring, we like to smell this kind of tulip.
Some gardeners like to plant tulip bulbs and sort them by color.
The rose bush bursts roses in the spring.
This is the first spring rainbow.

Steps for Taking an Order
Hello, room 159, this is ____. How may I help you?
What size?
What kind?
Cream or...
sugar?
Would you like it delivered?
What is your room number?
What is your name?
I'll bring it right away. Thank you!

South Africa
The South African flag.
Nelson Mandela, the 1st president, 1994-1999.
The current president, Kgalema Motlanthe.
Popular mealie food.
The Springboks, the national rugby team.
Cricket, a favorite sport.
Squash, another favorite sport.
There are Black Africans.
There are Colored Africans.
There are Asian Africans.
There are all colors of African people.
Johannasburg is
the capital. There are 1,916,100 people.
There are lots of animals, like these elephants.
There are lions.
There are giraffes.
There are zebras.
There are gorillas.

Old McDonald's Farm
On this farm, they had a cow.
On this farm, they had some sheep.
On this farm, they had a pig.
On this farm, they had some chickens.
On this farm, they had a duck.
On this farm, they had a horse.

Water is important!
We need water.
Water is very important.
Water covers most of the earth.
All living things need water.
We use water to drink,
to clean,
to cook,
and to play.
You see water as a gas,
as a liquid,
and a solid.
Plants need water.
Animals need water.
We all need water.
Oceans are salt water.
Rivers are mostly fresh water.
Ponds are fresh water.
Lakes are usually fresh water.
We all need water.

Summer Fun
Summer fun is jumping into the water on a hot day.
Summer fun is riding a roller coaster.
Summer fun is watching a parade.
Summer fun is sitting on the beach.
Summer fun is walking barefoot in a mud puddle.
Summer fun is eating hotdogs.
Summer fun is watching fireworks at night.
Summer fun is going to the ballpark.

Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush
This is the way we brush our teeth!
This is the way we wash our face!
This is the way we dry ourselves!
This is the way we brush our hair!
This is the way we drink our milk!
This is the way we shout hello!

On the Farm
On the farm, I see a barn.
On the farm, I see a cow.
On the farm, I see a horse.
On the farm, I see a sheep.
On the farm, I see a duck.
On the farm, I see a rooster.
There are lots of animals to see at the farm.

Trees
Trees are green in spring.
Some leaves turn orange in the fall.
Some trees have long branches.
Some trees have blossoms in summer.
Some leaves turn red in the fall.
Many trees lose their leaves in the fall.
We can make pictures of trees.
Trees can grow beside the lake.
Trees can grow in the city.
The snow covers the trees in winter.
Trees are white with snow.
Trees can grow in front of the mountains.

Water Cycle
A pond is made of water.
The sun heats the water and it evaporates.
The water condenses into a cloud way up in the sky.
The water droplets come together and fall as rain.
The plants drink up the water.
Some of the water collects back in the pond.  The cycle begins again!

Making Pizza
Let's make pizza.
First, we need English Muffins.
Spread the tomato paste on the muffin.
Add the pineapple.
Add the ham.
Sprinkle the cheese on top.
Put it in the oven.
Enjoy!

Motorbikes
Motorbikes are good.
Here is a girl on the bike.
Motorbikes are fun to ride.
Motorbikes are big.
I can fly.
Black is beautiful.
This is better than water skiing.
Just giving the bike a wash.
This guy is going to coast it.
This is a bunny hop.

Things I Want to Do
One day, I want to go back to Paris.
One day, I want to be a cricket umpire.
One day, I want to swim in the Olympics.
One day, I want to scuba dive.
One day, I want to ride in a race car.
One day, I want to work in the Mars Bar Factory.
One day, I want to play lawn bowls.
One day, I want to travel the world.
One day, I want to play basketball.

Me
I am happy.
I am sad.
I am running.
I am jumping.
I am reading.
I am hungry.
I am eating.
I am tired.
I am sleeping.

Where Do You Live?
People live in different places.
A long time ago, some people lived in pyramids.
Today, some people live in houses made of mud and straw.
Some Native Americans live in tepees.
Some people live in igloos.  Brrr!
Some people live in big houses.
Some people live in old houses.
Some people live in houses on the water.
Some people live in houses on wheels.
Where do you live?

Animals
We can find animals all over the world.
The cat lives in my house.
The lamb lives at a farm.
The camel lives in the desert.
The deer lives in the woods.
The lion lives in the jungle.

Kittens, Kittens, Kittens
Kittens, Kittens, Kittens
I love kittens.
Kittens are small and cute.
They have big eyes.
They have long tails.
Kittens have long whiskers and tiny noses.
They have soft, furry paws.
Some have spots.
Some have stripes.
Kittens love to cuddle.
Kittens love to kiss.
Kittens like to jump, jump, jump.
Some like to just lay around.
They also like to sleep,
and sleep,
and sleep!
Kittens love to eat.
Kittens like to hide.
Kittens love to play,
and play,
and play!
Kittens, kittens, kittens!
I love kittens.

Spring Things!
Spring is almost here!
In spring, we can play outside!
Elizabeth
In spring, we can play in mud puddles. 
Darius
In spring, we can listen to thunder storms.
Jacob
In spring, we can see the pretty flowers.
Cassie
In spring, it is warm enough to play in the water.
Hi-May
In spring, we can cook o the grill more.
Daisy
In spring, we can play "Catch Me if You Can!"
J.D.
In spring, we can plant our gardens.
Ms. Icenhour
In spring, it is already getting too hot!
Mr. Bare
In spring, we can have a nap in a hammock. Ms. Marini
In spring, I would sit on my porch and drink my coffee.
Mrs. Ficquette

We Need Water
We Need Water
Water is very important.
Water covers most of the Earth.
All living things need water.
We need water to drink.
Water helps keep us clean.
We use water to help cook food.
We have fun swimming in water.
Water keeps us strong and healthy.
Plants need water to grow.
We see rivers of water.
Some animals live in ponds of water.
Some animals live in ocean waters.
We see water as a liquid.
We see water as a solid.
We see water as a gas.
We really do need water!

My Favorite Things!
My name is Clay and these are a few of my favorite things.
My favorite book is Stellaluna.
My favorite candy is sweet tarts.
My favorite sport is volleyball.
My favorite food is a roll.
My favorite hobby is painting.
My favorite drink is Dr. Pepper.
My favorite movie is Barney.

Chicks-Circle of Life
Chicks have a circle of life.
Life begins in the eggs.
After 21 days, the baby chick begins to peck out of the egg.
When the chick gets out, it is wet and tired.
"Cheep, cheep, cheep!" says one chick to the egg. "There is much more room out here."
The chicks talk about the hard work it took to get out of the eggs.
It's time to celebrate our lives.
When we are all grown up,
we will start the circle of life again!

Snacks
I like to eat all kinds of snack food.
I bring my snack in a brown paper bag each day.
I like to eat Cheez-its.
My mom packs some for my snack.
They are delicious!
Sometimes, I like to eat chocolate muffins for snack!
Chocolate is so tasty!
I also eat healthy snacks.  I like to eat apples.
Bananas are another healthy snack that I like to eat.
I go to the market to help my mom pick up groceries.  She lets me pick out some snacks that I can bring to school.
I like to go shopping with my mom.
I love to eat snack with my friends!

Here Comes Spring!
Your greenhouse can look like this...
if you water your flowers,
if it gets enough light,
if you choose the right flower pot,
if you use the right soil,
if you plant different herbs,
if you have a variety of colors,
if you have yellow ones,
pink ones,
and blue ones, too.
If you plant the right way,
you will have a beautiful greenhouse!

Plants
This is a plant.
Plants grow from seeds.
Plants need the sun to grow.
Plants need water to grow.
You can enjoy plants.
You can eat the fruit from plants.
Plants are good for the environment.
Insects eat plants, too.
Plants are beautiful.
Enjoy a plant today!

Spring is Here
Spring is here.
The weather begins to change.
Flowers begin to bloom.
Grab your umbrella for all the rain!
There are many outside activities.
Children play on playgrounds.
People dance around the Maypole.
Baseball season starts.
The Easter Bunny comes to say hello.
Everyone's ready for spring break.

Keep the Beat
I can make music. I can keep the beat.
I can  play the bongos. I can keep the beat.
I can  play the cymbal. I can keep the beat.
I can play the drum. I can keep the beat.
I can play with drum sticks. I can keep the beat.
I can make music. I can keep the beat.

Past and Future
I love to visit the beach.
There are beautiful stones and shells that I like to find.
My shoes leave a print on the sand.
Sometimes, there are prints of animals or insects.
Some may have lived a long time ago.
Fossils are a trace or remains of a plant or animal of a past geologic age preserved in the Earth's crust.
Scientists study this to learn about what the Earth was like a long time ago.
They may find bones that they put together to form ancient animals.
We can see models and bones of ancient animals in museums.
I wonder what people who live many years from now will know about us.
Will they know how we live now?
What prints will they find?
How will the world look?
Who will be here to see it all?

Echo Finds Dinner
This is Echo.
One day, Echo was deep in the forest.
She sat on a branch of a very tall tree.
Echo had a problem.
She was very hungry.
Echo had to find food so she searched the forest.
Echo saw something move!  It was a mouse.
Echo was fast.  She flew down and scooped it up.
Echo ate the mouse and was happy.

At the Zoo
Look at the elephant.
Look at the monkey.
Look at the crocodile.
Look at the snake.
Look at the emu.
Look at the penguins.
Look at the parrot.
Look at the zebras.
Look at the bear.
Look at the giraffes.
Look at the echidna.
Look at the lion.

Pets
I see a pet.
I see a dog.
I see a cat.
I see a fish.
I see a rabbit.
I see a bird.
I see a mouse.
I see a turtle.

Let's Make a Pizza!
Let's make a pizza!
First, we need some dough.
We need to make it into a flat crust.
We can use a rolling pin...
or we could use our hands.
Next, we put sauce on the pizza crust.
We can spread the sauce all around.
Then, we sprinkle cheese on top of the sauce.
Now is the fun part...we get to add toppings!
Would you like onions on your pizza?
Would you like tomatoes on your pizza?
Would you like French fries on your pizza?
Would you like mushrooms on your pizza?
Would you like pepperoni on your pizza?
Would you like pickles on your pizza?
Would you like sausage on your pizza?
Would you like ice cream on your pizza?
Would you like peppers on your pizza?
Would you like apples on your pizza?
Would you like olives on your pizza?
Would you like broccoli on your pizza?
After we put toppings on our pizza, we can put it in the oven to cook.
When the pizza is cooked, we can cut it with a pizza cutter.
The pizza is all done. It looks delicious!
Let's eat!

Baby Farm Animals
This is a farm. There are many animals on the farm.
This is a cow. "Moo!"
This is a baby cow. It is a calf.
These are horses. "Neigh!"
This is a baby horse. It is a colt.
This is a chicken. "Cock-a-doodle-doo!"
This is a baby chicken. It is a chick.
This is a sheep. "Baa!"
This is a baby sheep. It is a lamb.
This is a duck. "Quack-Quack!"
These are baby ducks. They are ducklings.
This is a pig. "Oink-Oink!"
These are baby pigs. They are piglets.

Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry
This is Cassie and Little John. Little John is her brother.
They live on a farm in Mississippi.
White people are mean to Cassie and Little John.
Cassie has a brother named J.T. J.T. gets into trouble.
Cassie's father has to set fire to his land to keep the white people from killing J.T.
This makes the whole family sad.

Louisiana Scenes
Gorilla at New Orleans Zoo
Mississippi River Plantation
Jazz Singers
Mississippi River
Crawfish Boil
Louisiana Bayou
Superdome
Party Time
Doughnuts New Orleans Style
Jolly Trolley
Church in New Orleans
Spooky Graveyard
Rollin on 'Da River
Gate House
Cane River Tree

Mountains Can Be...
Mountains
Mountains can be snowy.
Mountains can be volcanoes.
Mountains can be full of trees.
Mountains can be as high as the clouds.
Mountains can be waterfalls.
Mountains can be rocky.

Dinosaurs
I like dinosaurs.
There are many kinds of dinosaurs.
These dinosaurs have long necks.
Look at all the dinosaurs.
Dinosaurs, dinosaurs!

Hermit Crabs
The little hermit crab is so pretty.
I want to get one at the pet store.
If I get a hermit crab, I will take care of it.
When I get a hermit crab, I will put it in a cage and see what it eats.
I will hold it and see if it is a baby crab.
If the hermit crab gets scared, I will put her back in the cage.

Flowers
Flowers can be many colors.
I see orange flowers.
I see yellow flowers.
I see red flowers.
I see pink flowers.
I see green flowers.
I see purple flowers.
I see white flowers.
I see blue flowers.
I love flowers!

All About Dinosaurs
Some dinosaurs lived in water.
Some dinosaurs had long necks. Some didn't have long necks.
Some dinosaurs had wings. Some didn't have wings.
Some dinosaurs had horns. Some had no horns at all.
Some dinosaurs are on T.V.
This part of the bones were the skull, teeth, claws, and ribs.
All dinosaurs became extinct.
All kinds of dinosaurs were found in China, Asia and Australia. They were found in Antarctica, also.

My Favorite Cars
These are old cars.
This is a fast car.
This is a slow car.
This is a car at home.
This car is in traffic.

When I go to McDonald's
McDonald's
The person behind the counter will talk to me and that's okay.
I will tell her I want a Happy Meal...
with Chicken McNuggets,
or with a cheeseburger,
or with a hamburger.
I will choose which drink I want.
I will pay and wait to get my change.
Today, my class is not going to play in the Play Place and that's okay.
I will sit with my class and eat my Happy Meal.
When the class is finished, I will get back on the bus. McDonald's is fun.

Chicks - Circle of Life
Chicks have a circle of life.
Life begins in the egg.
After 21 days, the chick begins to peck out of the egg.
When the chick gets out, it is wet and tired.
"Cheep, cheep, cheep," says one chick to an egg. "There is much more room out here."
The chicks talk about the hard work it took to get out of the egg.
It's time to celebrate our lives!
When we are all grown up, we will start the circle again.

Landforms
A landform is the shape of the land.
A mountain is a big hill with steep sides and a point at the top.
A valley is the lowland in between the mountains.
A plateau is like a mountain, but it has a flat top with steep sides.
The plains are a flat, gently rolling, lowland.

Life in a Truck
Life on the highway...
is better on the road.
Down on the farm...
dreaming of past lives,
future life.
"The Tree of Life"...
barely clinging to...
life.
Remembering...
...the good life.
Behind the wheel.
Life is a highway.
Life is a beach!
Fondly recalling...
the glory days.

Nick and Aimen
Nick and Aimen like boats.
Nick and Aimen like blue cars.
Nick and Aimen like singing.
Nick and Aimen like school.

Birds
This bird is blue.
This bird is red.
This bird is yellow.
Birds can eat.
Birds can fly.
Birds can sit.
Birds can swim.
Can birds play?

Farm Animals
This is a cow. It lives on a farm.
This is a goat. It lives on a farm.
This is a pig. It lives on a farm.
This is a chicken. It lives on a farm.
This is a horse. It lives on a farm.
This is the farm!

Superheroes
This is Spiderman.
This is Superman.
This is Batman.
This is Wonderwoman.
This is Captain America.
This is Nightwing.

Dad and I
Dad and I are rhinos.
Dad and I are giraffes.
Dad and I are elephants.
Dad and I are pandas.
Dad and I are dogs.
Dad and I are zebras.
Dad and I are whales.
Dad and I are orangutans.
Dad and I are polar bears.

Watch me Grow; a Polliwog into a Frog
When I grow up,
I will be a FROG!
Two legs in bed,
will be a tail instead.
Four legs!
Almost on shore!
My lungs are ready to go.
Get my head straight ahead.
Then, I will get out of this bed!
No more gills!
No more bed!
No more, no more!
But now...
I am a frog instead!

Money
Money
This is a quarter. It is worth 25 cents.
This is a dime. It is worth 10 cents.
This is a nickel. It is worth 5 cents.
This is a penny. It is worth 1 cent.
I like to buy soda and snacks with my money!
I like to count my money!
I love money!
The End

Tanner the Amazing
Hi! My name is Tanner and this is my school.
Time to start my day. Let's go inside!
I have a lot of friends at school.
I see my friends all around the school.
Mr. Seth and Ms. Rachel are two friends that I see a lot.
Ms. Kim and I have been friends for a long time. I call her MPH.
I use my own sounds, sign language, and pictures to talk with people.
This is how I pick what to say.
This is Ms. Sally. We work together with my symbols in speech therapy.
She brings Moses so that I can talk with him too. He understands me no matter how I communicate.
Moses and I have a special connection.  He really likes me when I give him bones and pet him gently.
Ms. Carol works with me to make me stronger.
Sometimes, I eat things that arent food because I think it is funny.
These cups I use for stacking. I am really good at it.
This cup I use to drink out of. I can hold it by myself.
Water is fun to drink out of the fountain.
I also like to drink milk.
My favorite things to eat are Cheetos, but sometimes I have to eat plain old boring things, like bread.
It is important to always clean up after myself!
The hallways in the school are decorated with cool pictures. I like to stop and look at them all.
This is my favorite hallway because it reminds me of a tunnel.
Sometimes, I am pushed in my wheelchair through the halls.
Other times, I wheel myself.
My chair is decorated with trains because I love them.
I also love fire engines.
I think Mr. Young likes fire engines too.
I have a lot of fun in gym! My friends are playing volleyball.
During the day, I like to visit Ms. Cheryl in the office.
I love speakers and working on the computer.
I can't wait to read my own book on the computer!
It is time for me to go home in the van! Thanks for spending a day with me.

Needs & Wants
We have things we need to live.
We need water to live.
We need shelter to live.
We need food to live.
We need air to breathe.
We need room to grow.
There are also things we want.
We want lots of money.
We want toys.
We want jewelry.
We want cell phones.

St. Patrick's Day is...
Shamrocks
Green River
St. Patrick
Wearing green
Dancing
Music
Parades
Green drinks
Food

When My Teacher Goes Home
My teacher takes care of me all day. But she goes home before I do every afternoon.
It makes me sad when my teacher leaves.
I worry about who will take care of me while she's gone.
I know another teacher stays in my classroom.
More friends come and play with me, too. I know my friends and I will be safe.
I can wave goodbye when my teacher leaves.
I can get a hug from my friend,
or my favorite teddy,
or from another teacher.
I can go to the Cozy Corner until I feel better.
I can read a book,
paint,
work a puzzle,
or build with blocks.
I can play quietly with a friend,
or dance to music.
I know my teacher will be back to play with me again tomorrow.

GREEN THINGS
GREEN THINGS
Grass is green.
Snakes are green.
Parrots are green.
Limes are green.
Tractors are green.
Crocodiles are green.
Grasshoppers are green.
Shamrocks are green.
Turtles are green.
Frogs are green.
Leaves are green.
Apples can be green
Green beans are green.
Pickles are green.
Broccoli is green.
Grapes can be green.
Money can be green.
Look for green things today!

Here Comes Spring!
The new season is spring.
I see the leaves and flowers bloom.
This bird is blue.
We can play outside.
We fly kites.
The park is fun!
We like to hike.
We are happy for spring.
Let's go outside and play!

The Biggest Snowball
A boy made a snowball.
He dropped one, and it got bigger.
It got as big as a city.
It splatted on the town.
Everyone had to help clean up.
The boy never forgot his lesson:
Never drop a snowball down a hill...
ever again!!

Baseball Field Trip
This is a baseball field.
We had fun watching the baseball game.
Alan tried to catch a ball, but it went too high.
We ate lunch at the baseball field.
Before the game started, we sang the National Anthem.
The mascot's are funny.  They have races before the game.
We watched the scoreboard at the game.
We had a great day. We waved goodbye.

Good Manners
Is this a good time to interrupt?
No, please wait. She is on the phone.
Is this a good time to interrupt?
Yes! She is available. Please say, "Excuse me."
Is this a good time to interrupt?
Yes, she is available. Please say, "Excuse me."
Is this a good time to interrupt?
NO! They are busy, you need to wait.
Is this a good time to interrupt?
NO! She is talking to students.
Is this a good time to interrupt?
YES! The teacher is not talking to anyone.
Is this a good time to interrupt?
YES, he is available.
Is this a good time to interrupt?
YES! She is available.
Is this a good time to interrupt?
YES! She is happy to talk to you!
Is this a good time to interrupt?
NO! She is on the phone.
Is this a good time to interrupt?
NO! They are talking. Please wait.
Remember to always use good manners!!

Shane Stays Busy
Shane is busy as a bee.
Shane is a good diver.
Shane likes to swim laps.
Whew, taking a break.
Shane is learning how to play tennis.
Shane is swinging with the M&M's.
Shane has to get his daily exercise in!
Shane practices his typing skills.
Shane is working hard at school.
It is time for Shane to fix something to eat.
He is making lunch.
All that hard work builds up an appetite.
Shane is so good at cleaning up after himself.

McDonald's
McDonald's is the largest fast food restaurant in the world.
It serves 58 million customers a day!
It has the golden arches.
Some have playgrounds.
It serves french fries and hamburgers.
McDonald's has motorcycles in South Korea.
Ronald McDonald became mascot in 1963.
"Speedee" was the first mascot.
McDonald's makes "Happy Meals" for kids.
There are toys in "Happy Meals."
McDonald's is in some Wal-Marts.
There are over 31,000 McDonald's worldwide.
McDonald's is in Canada, Mexico, and Turkey.
The first McDonald's started in 1940.
The first one was in San Bernardino, California.
I'm lovin it.

Bugs the Easter Bunny
There once was a bunny named Bugs. He always wanted to be an Easter Bunny.
Bugs' friend Lola made fun of him for wanting to be an Easter Bunny.
Even Annie the Duck picked on Bugs for his dream.
So Bugs left his home and crossed through the snow and dangerous land.
Bugs traveled a long way from his home to become the Easter Bunny.
Finally, Bugs reached a land where everybody loved Easter.
Bugs finally became the Easter bunny, and all the boys and girls loved him.

Our Favorite Holidays
My favorite holiday is Valentine's Day.
-Jaqula
My favorite holiday is Valentine's Day.
-Sabrina
My favorite holiday is Halloween.
-Kourtne
My favorite holiday is Thanksgiving.
-Donovan
My favorite holiday is Thanksgiving.
-Singerline
My favorite holiday is Thanksgiving.
-Tammie
My favorite holiday is Christmas.
-Logan
My favorite holiday is Christmas.
-Ry
My favorite holiday is Christmas.
-Caudill
My favorite holiday is Christmas.
-Ray

Jacob's Trains
Here are three trains.
This is a big train.
Here is a yellow train!
The train moves along the tracks.
It is fun to play with trains!
Some trains are old.
The men work on the train.
I like Thomas the Train!
Thomas is a blue train.
Here are Toby and Gordon.
All kids love to play with trains!

My Spaceship
My spaceship is pretty sharp.
It flies really fast.
I can go many places.
Sometimes I visit museums.
Sometimes I go to different cities.
I am welcomed everywhere I go.
I like to visit my friends...
in different places.
Sightseeing is great fun.
Now you see me...
now you don't.

Zebra
A zebra is an animal that is black and white.
Some zebras live in Africa.
This zebra lives in a zoo.
This zebra wants to get into the car!
A zebra can run like a horse.
Zebras eat grass like horses.
A baby zebra drinks milk from his mother.
Lions eat zebras.
This is a zebra butterfly.
This is a very funny zebra! It is a hand zebra.
The End

Watch Me Grow; A Polliwog to a Frog
When I grow up,
I will be a frog!
Two legs, while in bed,
will be a tail instead.
To get my head straight ahead,
I will get out of this bed!
No more bed...
but now, I am a FROG instead!

Paul Bunyan
Paul Bunyan is a tall tale.
That means he did things that were larger than life.
Paul and Babe like to go bowling.
Babe is hitching a ride to Texas.
MMMMMM. . .  I smell pancakes.
Howdy y'all!  Welcome to logging country.
Paul Bunyan dug the Great Lakes.
Is this axe big enough?

Helping Each Other
We are learning to help each other.
You can help someone by carrying them. -Elizabeth
You can help by carrying the teacher's lunch bag. 
-J.D.
We can help by giving hugs. -Jacob
We can help people by using sign language. -Darius
We can help people by making them laugh! 
-Cassie
We can help by cleaning up. -Hi-May
We can help people by cheering for them!
-Ty

Turkey Buzzard Biscuit Recipe
by Salem High School Class Room 131
Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees. Put 8 refrigerator biscuits on a greased cookie sheet.
Mix 1/2 tsp. cinnamon and 2 Tbsp. sugar in a bowl.
Melt 1 Tbsp. butter and spread it over the biscuits, then sprinkle the cinnamon and sugar mixture over the top.
Bake them in the oven until the biscuits get brown.
Eat the Turkey Buzzard Biscuits! Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum!

Snow Day
Some animals hibernate in winter.
Avalanches can be caused in winter.
Dogs and cats run  through snow in winter.
Some dogs and cats get together in winter.
Snow piles on trees and ground.

Walking
The boy walks.
The girls walk with mom.
The girl walks.
The man walks.
The man walks in the snow.
They walk on a big sand dune.
She walks with a cart.
The boy walks with mom and dad.
He walks with the dogs.
The girl walks in the grass.
The boy walks up the steps.
The cat walks.
The man walks down the street.
He walks with a red umbrella.
She walks with blue buckets.
The baby learns to walk.
The boy walks with crutches.

Pre K's Space Book
The Earth is a good place to live on. There are a lot of places to visit on Earth. 
-Sarah
The Milky way is where the Earth is. The Milky Way is red, black, and blue. 
-Angelika
The stars in the Milky Way are nice to look at. -Alliyah
The Moon is in the Milky Way. The moon in this picture is a circle. 
-Mellissa
Mars is in the Milky Way. Mars is orange. 
-Cohen
There are lots of planets in space. 
-Callan
The Milky Way is beautiful. -Dalton
I love the Earth, and we should look after it. -Reese

Pre K's Book About the Milky Way
There are stars in the Milky Way.
-Nicholas
I like stars. Stars are in the Milky Way. - Tanika
The Earth is part of the Milky Way. -Matthew
The Moon is in the Milky Way. -Denis
There are planets in space.
-Savannah
Look at all the planets and moons.
-Carson
The Milky Way has different colors in it. 
-Zackery
The Milky Way is so awesome. -Logan

States of Matter
A gas is matter that has no shape.
A solid is matter that has shape and takes up space.
An ice cube is a solid. When it melts, it is a liquid.
Clouds are a gas.
A liquid is matter that takes the shape of a container.
Water is a liquid.

The Alamo
The Alamo was a mission in San Antonio.
The Alamo was built out of adobe and stone.
Texans wanted freedom from Mexico. Santa Anna wanted to take Texas back for Mexico.
Texans defended the Alamo by fighting Santa Anna.
The Alamo still stands today in San Antonio.

A Tour of England
There are many interesting places to see and things to do in England.
You could take a ride on a double decker bus.
You could walk across the London Bridge.
You could check the time on Big Ben.
You could go for a ride on the London Eye.
You could watch a line of marching Beefeaters.
You could take a tour of Windsor Castle.
You could go to an English cottage.
You could smell the flowers in an English garden.
You could visit Stonehenge.
You might even meet Queen Elizabeth II.

In The Bath
Fish is in the bath.
Cat is in the bath.
Dog is in the bath.
Bird is in the bath.
Cow is in the bath.
Horse is in the bath.
Elephant is in the  bath.
Boy is going in the bath!

Baby Farm Animals
This is a farm. There are lots of animals on the farm.
This is a cow. Moo!
This is a baby cow called a calf.
These are horses. Neigh!
This is a baby horse called a colt.
This is a chicken. Cock-a-doodle-doo!
This is a baby chicken called a chick.
This is a sheep. Baa!
This is a baby sheep called a lamb.
This is a duck. Quack-quack!
These are baby duck called  ducklings.
This is a pig. Oink-oink!
These are baby pig called  piglets.

Dogs
Dogs are my favorite animals.
Dogs do not have fur when they are little puppies.
I like dogs with wrinkly faces.
I like white and black dogs.
I like dogs with curly fur.
I like all different types of dogs.
Even funny looking dogs.
Some dogs are shy.
Some dogs like to ride in a car.
Some dogs like to play in the snow.
Some dogs like to play hide and seek.
Some dogs like to shake hands.
Some dogs wear clothes.
Some dogs like to sleep.
Some dogs like to play catch.
All dogs like to go walking.

Buzzards of Hinckley, OH
March 15th is the day that the buzzards return to Hinckley, OH each year.
Buzzards are nature's garbage collectors. They eat dead animals. YUCK!
Every year, a buzzard spotter looks for the birds to return to Hinckley, OH.
About 1,000 birds fly into the area when they return from their winter home.
People come from all over the place to have a picnic in the park to celebrate the buzzard's return.
One thing you can eat at the picnic is a buzzard burger! YUMMY. (We hope it isn't made out of real buzzard meat though.)

Sharks!
SHARKS!
Sharks are mysterious creatures.
Sharks like the darkness at the bottom of the ocean.
Sharks like to eat other fish.
Sharks have big, sharp teeth.
Sharks bite people because they think people are fish swimming in the ocean.
Some mean people catch sharks.
Some people put the sharks in aquariums for other people to see.
Sometime mean people kill sharks.
Sharks are nice animals, if people do not bother them.

Horses
Horses can drink.
Horses can eat.
Horses can laugh.
Horses can jump.
Horses can play.
Horses can swim.
Horses can run!
Horses can look.
Horses can sleep.
Horses can work.

Underwater ABC
A is for angelfish.
B is for basslet.
C is for cowfish.
D is for dolphin.
E is for eagle ray.
F is for frog.
G is for grunt.
H is for hammerhead shark.
I is for indigo hamlet.
J is for jellyfish.
K is for king angelfish.
L is for lionfish.
M is for manatee.
N is for nudibranch.
O is for octopus.
P is for porcupine fish.
Q is for queen conch.
R is for ribbon eel.
S is for seashell.
T is for turtle.
U is for upside-down jellyfish.
V is for veined shrimp.
W is for water.
X is for xanthidae.
Y is for yellow sea horse.
Z is for zebra pipefish.

Dominique's V Book
V is for vegetables.
V is for van.
V is for valentine.
V is for vest.
V is for vacuum cleaner.
V is for video camera.

Who Could This Be?
Who do you think this is?
Is this a teacher?
Is this a girl in the 8th grade?
Is this a basketball player at our school?
Do you think this is a nurse at our school?
Do you think this boy likes football?
Is this a ballet dancer at our school?
If you click these heels together, will you go to Kansas?
Do you think this man needs new shoes?
Whose foot prints are these?

My Greatest Birthday Ever!
I am celebrating my birthday.
Ms. B baked me an angel food cake.
We had strawberries with the cake.
The whole group sang "Happy Birthday" to me!
I got tulips in a pot.
My friend loved the tulips!
This was a hand-made card.
I received sugar free candy.
One girl wrote a card for me at home.
Her mother helped her write the card.
The teachers gave me a special card.
Teachers wrote their names and birthday wishes.
The teachers gave me a gift.
I could get my nails done this way.
I might get my nails done this way.
I could get my nails polished RED!
We all ate cake, cookies, and strawberries.
Later, my niece planned a special present for me.
Jessica and Papa Tom worked to make me a CD.
Jessica gave me the autographed CD.
Jessica smiled because I loved the CD.
I played the CD for all the boys, girls, and teachers.
Thank YOU for making this my best birthday EVER!!!

Solid Shapes
I have 6 faces, 8 corners, and 12 edges. I can slide and stack. I cannot roll. What shape am I?
I am a rectangular prism.
I can roll and slide. I can not stack. I only have 1 face. What shape am I?
I am a cone.
I have 2 circular faces. I can roll, stack, and slide. What shape am I?
I am a cylinder.
I can roll. I cannot stack or slide. I have no faces. What shape am I?
I am a sphere.
I cannot roll. I can stack and slide. I have 6 square faces. What shape am I?
I am a cube.

Earth
Earth
Geology is the study of rocks.
Water makes up 98% of Earth.
Water can erode rocks.

Spring
Winter is done.
Snow is melting.
Spring brings rain.
Grass is green again.
Dandelions are yellow.
Flowers bloom.
Robins come back.
Trees wake up.
Pussy willows are soft.
I like spring. Do you?

Coins
Look at all the coins.
Here is a penny.
Here is a nickel.
Here is a dime.
Here is a quarter.
Here is a half dollar.
Find the penny, nickel, dime, quarter and half dollar.

Holidays Throughout the Year
We have many holidays.
In January, we have New Years.
We see fireworks on New Years!
We stay up late on New Years!
In February, we have Valentine's Day.
We show our love on Valentine's Day.
We see hearts on Valentine's Day.
We say, "I love you," on Valentine's Day.
In March, we have St. Patrick's Day.
We see clovers on St.Patrick's Day.
Leprechauns search for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
Some places have green rivers on St.Patrick's Day.
In April, we have Easter.
We can go see the Easter Bunny.
The Easter Bunny brings Easter eggs.
We have an Easter egg hunt. Can you find the egg?
In May we have Memorial Day. We remember our veterans.
We eat hot dogs and hamburgers on Memorial Day.
In July, we have the 4th of July.
We grill out on the Fourth of July and watch fireworks.
In Ocotber, we celebrate Halloween.
We get candy on Halloween.
We dress up on Halloween. What do you want to be on Halloween?
In November, we have Thanksgiving.
We eat Thanksgiving dinner. We have turkey!
We watch parades on T.V. on Thanksgiving.
In December, we have Christmas.
We get presents at Christmas.
We see Santa Claus at Christmas.
We see reindeer at Christmas.
We celebrate many holidays. Which is your favorite?

Insects are Cool
Insects are cool.
This is a bee. A bee is an insect.
This is a fly. A fly is an insect.
This is a ladybug. A ladybug is an insect.
This is a dragonfly. A dragonfly is an insect.
This is a grasshopper. A grasshopper is an insect.
This is an ant. An ant is an insect.
This is a mosquito. A mosquito is an insect.
This is a moth. A moth is an insect.
This is a beetle. A beetle is an insect.
This is a stinkbug. A stinkbug is an insect.
This is a butterfly. A butterfly is an insect.
Insects are cool!

Bears Everywhere!
I see a white bear. The bear swims. He's all wet!
I see a black bear. He climbs. Up, up, up!
I see a koala bear. He says, "Shh!"
I see a brown bear. He sleeps. Shh!!
I see a panda bear. He yawns. Night, night!
I see a black bear. He hides. Peek-a-boo!
I see a koala. He drinks! Thank you, friend!
I see a panda bear. He looks and looks. That's me!
I see a baby koala. He is little. Be careful!
I see two pandas. They play. My turn!

Robot Boy
Robot Boy was built by a scientist, who couldn't protect him so he gave him to Tommy.
Robot Boy is the best robot on the planet.
A bad scientist, named Kamikazi, tried to take Robot Boy.  He wanted to rule the planet.
He made giant rats and pretended to be a rat extinguisher to catch Robot Boy, who was helping get the rats.
Robot Boy got away.
He used his weapons to shoot missiles.
He kicked the rats.
Kamikazi failed in his mission to catch Robot Boy.

Electricity
Coal plants make electricity and clouds.
Wind mills generate electricity.
Electricity can be dangerous.
You can draw a circuit diagram.

I Can Count Animals!
One dog 1
Two cats 2
Three giraffes 3
Four horses 4
Five flamingos 5
Six kittens 6
Seven swans 7
Eight ducklings 8
Nine seagulls 9
Ten puppies 10

About a Bunny
I got a rabbit.
He had red eyes, and he was white.
It didn't have any name.
My rabbit died.
We buried the rabbit in the backyard.
I was sad.
Then I got two more bunnies.
I was really happy because I got new bunnies.
One escaped and I caught it.
It was a girl.

This is How to Play Soccer
Let's play soccer!  Some people call it futbol.
Soccer players are playing on the field.
There is one forward on each team.  The forward has to kick the ball into the goal.
The wing man can also kick the ball in the goal.
The defense tries to block the ball before the other team scores.
The goalie has to block the ball before the other team gets the goal.  The goalie stands in front of the goal.
If you hit or trip a person on the other team, then that's a foul.
You can head the ball to pass the ball.
Also, you can kick the ball to pass it to your teammate.
You can shoot the ball into the goal to score.
A soccer game has two quarters.  They are both 45 minutes.  Half time is 15 minutes.
Soccer is a popular sport.

Fruit Salad for Breakfast
We made a healthy fruit salad for our breakfast.
We put sliced banana in our healthy fruit salad.
We put sliced plum into our healthy fruit salad.
We chopped up a peach for our healthy fruit salad.
We peeled some Longan berries and put it into our healthy fruit salad.
We removed the seeds from the grapes for our healthy fruit salad.
We peeled and sliced the Granny Smith apples for our healthy fruit salad.
We opened a can of pears for our healthy fruit salad.
We peeled and sliced the kiwi fruit for our healthy fruit salad.
We removed the seed and diced the apricots for our healthy fruit salad.
We put fresh dates into our healthy fruit salad.
We poured yogurt over our healthy fruit salad.
We sprinkled dessicated coconut over our healthy fruit salad.
We sprinkled Kellogs Just Right over our healthy fruit salad.

Track Practice
Track practice is on Saturdays for the months of March and April.
During track practice, all athletes work on running, long jump and javelin throwing.
I like running the best.
Every year, I get faster.
I'm running with older athletes this year.
I like track season.

Everyone Has Feelings, Even Cats!
Everyone has feelings.
People have feelings. Cats have feelings.
This cat is mad!
This girl is mad.
This cat is silly!
These kids are silly.
This cat feels sick!
This girl feels sick.
This cat is sleepy!
The baby is sleepy.
This is a happy cat!
The boy is happy.
This cat is hungry!
The man is hungry.
These cats are laughing!
The girls are laughing.

Puns
What is it?
It's a goldfish!
What is it?
It's a doornail!
What is it?
It's whole milk!
What is it?
It's ice tea!
What is it?
It's a burger king!
What is it?
It's a butterfly!
What is it?
It's heartburn!
What is it?
It's a fire drill!

Nelson Mandela
This is Nelson Mandela when he was young.
He fought for equal rights in South Africa.
He spent 26 years in jail.
This is all he had in jail.
President de Klerk freed Mandela from jail.
He ran for President of South Africa.
He won!

African Rural Culture
Homes are small and simple and circular.
Roofs are made of straw.
The whole family lives in one room.
They bathe in the rivers.
The father works outside.
He could herd cattle, goats, or camels.
Mothers and children must also work.
Children can take care of the animals.
They are happy with their family.

African Geography
Where is Africa located?
Africa has the desert.
It is hot and dry in the desert.
Africa has grasslands.
The grasslands of the Savannah have good soil.
The grasslands of the Sahel may not get rain all year.
Africa has a rain forest.
It is wet and humid.
Many trees have been cut down for people.
Animals have 
nowhere to live.
Africa has a beautiful coast.

Animals are Different
There are lots of animals in the world.
There are birds.
Monkeys live in the jungle.
Wolves have big teeth!
Cats are soft and furry.
Lemurs like to eat oranges!
Cats celebrate Christmas, too!
Who says cats don't like water?!
I like all types of animals.

Braces!
Braces!
We get braces to make our teeth straight!
The orthodontist fits your braces.
The dentist looks in your mouth to check your teeth.
I will have a nice smile when I am finished!

The Restaurant
We eat breakfast at Dutch Country.
We sit down to order.
We order a drink. Chocolate milk is our favorite!
We order many things to eat.
We like to order eggs: scrambled or sunny-side up.
We like toast with our breakfast.
We order bacon. Yum, yum!
Pancakes are delicious.
Home fries are not like french fries. But we will try them.
Our breakfast is good to eat!

Bicycles are Fun!
Bicycles are fun to ride!
I like to race on my bike.
My dog goes on my bike rides too!
I always wear a helmet for safety.
It's fun to ride with a friend.
Do you like to ride bikes?

Growing Carrots
I want some carrots.
I plant the seeds.
The seeds go in the soil.
A seed sprouts. A plant grows.
The plant is growing.
Many plants are growing.
The plants are grown.
Now I can eat the carrots!

I Like to Shop at the Store
I like to shop at the mall.
I like to buy cupcakes.
I like to buy M&Ms.
I like to buy strawberries.
I like to buy cookies.
I like to buy cupcakes.
I like to buy shoes.

The Farmer Takes Care of the Animals.
The farmer takes care of the horse.
The farmer takes care of the sheep.
The farmer takes care of the cow.
The farmer takes care of the duck.
The farmer takes care of the chick.
The farmer takes care of the rooster.
The farmer takes care of the owl.

Farm Animals
An owl lives on a farm.
A pig lives on a farm.
A sheep lives on a farm.
A duck lives on a farm.
A dog lives on a farm.
A cow lives on a farm.

Our Computer Lives
There are all kinds of computer learners.
Cats...
guinea pigs...
women...
men...
and students.
Computers can be set up in many different ways.
This is one way.
This is another way.
Always remember to listen to your computer teacher!
If you don't listen, this will happen!
Sometimes you just hit a brick wall!
Then this happens.
If the wiring is working, everyone is happy.
If not, this could happen.
Nothing will work if the main power is unplugged!
The End!

A Litttle Girl
When I was a little girl, my mom took me to a meadow next to a forest.
With my dog, Lucky, I ran with Mom in the green grass.
We were having a good time.
Then a monster came, and I screamed and Mom yelled, "Run, run and don't stop!"
I ran into the trees with Lucky and stayed there. I don't know how long.
I'm a girl who lives in the forest.
Lucky and I lived there for a couple of years.
My mom used to call me an angel. I hope one day to fly into my mom's arms.
I want to find my mom.
One day I found my hometown.
I went home.
My mom is the most loving. She was waiting for me to come home.
She looked the same to me. She was so happy to see me again.
She said,"You look like your dad, Sweetheart."
I'm so glad for me and Mom and Lucky to be home with each other.
My home is where the people love me more than anything.

My Hero, Hannah Montana
I watch Hannah Montana every day.
Like these little girls, I am a huge Hannah Montana fan.
My dream is to someday be on stage with Hannah Montana.
I think she is an awesome singer.
I hope my dream comes true.

Food ABC's
A is for apple.
B is for banana.
C is for carrot.
D is for doughnut.
E is for egg.
F is for French fries.
G is for grapes.
H is for hamburger.
I is for ice cream.
J is for jelly beans.
K is for kiwi.
L is for lime.
M is for marshmallow.
N is for nuts.
O is for orange.
P is for potatoes.
Q is for quail.
R is for rice.
S is for spaghetti.
T is for tacos.
U is for upside down cake.
V is for vegetables.
W is for watermelons.
Y is for yogurt.
Z is for zucchini.

Miguel , Fernando  y sus pintores favoritos
Botero pinta cuadros con personas gordas.
Arcimboldo pinta retratos con frutas y hortalizas.
Joan Miró pinta cuadros con mucho colorido. Dibuja lineas curvas y figuras geométricas.
Van Gogh pinta cuadros con movimiento. Este cuadro se llama " La noche estrellada.
Mondrian  pinta    cuadros    con    figuras geometricas. Utiliza los  colores primarios.

Farm Animals
This is a farm.
Animals live on the farm.
A rooster says, "Cock-a-doodle doo," to you.
A cow says, "Moo!" to you.
A pig says, "Oink, oink, oink," to you.
"Peep, peep, peep," say the chicks.
"Maa, maa, maa," says the goat.
A horse says, "Neigh," to you.
"Baa, baa, baa," say the sheep.
What is your favorite farm animal?

It's St. Patrick's Day
St. Patrick's Day is March 17th.
Some think of shamrocks.
Some think of the Emerald Isle.
Some dress in green.
Some people like to sing.
People eat corned beef and cabbage.
They can watch a parade.
What do you do for St. Patrick's Day?

House of Cards
Have you ever built a house of cards?
All you need is a deck of playing cards...
and a steady hand.
It's fun!
Concentrate to make the cards balance on edge.
Small triangles grow into a large triangle.
If you use small cards, your house will be small.
If you use big cards, your house will be BIG!
This is a very big house of cards.
I will stick to the smaller ones that I can make.
It's fun to make a house of cards with friends.
Smile!  You did it.

Autobots Rule!
Autobots break the record!
First, Optimus defeats Megatron.
Optimus is going to be rockin'!
Optimus flies away in a plane.
Optimus is a winner!
But the monster just made him scream!
Bumblebee saves Optimus.
Optimus was saved and skated away!

My ABC Word Book
Let's read the alphabet book.
A is for...
AIRPLANE
APPLE
B is for...
BUS
BUBBLE
C is for...
CAR
CATERPILLAR
D is for...
DOG
DONUTS
E is for...
ELEPHANT
EGG
F is for...
FEATHER
FISH
G is for ...
GIRL
GEM
H is for...
HELICOPTER
HIPPO
I is for...
ICE CREAM
IGUANA
J is for...
JACKET
JET
K is for...
KITE
KITTEN
L is for...
LAMB
LOLLIPOP
M is for...
MOUSE
MOON
N is for...
NURSE
NOSE
O is for...
OCTOPUS
OSTRICH
P is for...
POLICEMAN
PUMPKIN
Q is for...
QUAIL
QUILT
R is for...
RIVER
RABBIT
S is for...
SNAIL
SNAKE
T is for...
TRAIN
TIGER
U is for...
UMBRELLA
UNICORN
V is for...
VIOLIN
VALENTINE
W is for...
WAGON
WHALE
X is for...
X-RAY
XYLOPHONE
Y is for...
YELLOW
YO-YO
YIELD
Z is for...
ZEBRA
ZIPPER
I can read the alphabet book.

A Paramedic's Life
The paramedics are very helpful to the community.
Paramedics spend time in a station house, fire station or hospital waiting for calls for help to come.
They sometimes use a fire truck,
an ambulance,
or even a helicopter,
to quickly reach patients in need.
After the paramedics stabilize each patient,
they are then loaded
into the emergency vehicle,
for the ride to the nearest
emergency room, where doctors will finish taking care of the patient.
Paramedics are happy to be an important part of the community.

Subtraction
Let's subtract.
There are 2 puppies.
1 puppy goes to play.
1 puppy is left.
There are 3 kittens.
1 kitten runs away.
2 kittens are left.
There are 4 starfish.
3 starfish got carried away.
1 starfish was left.
There are 3 ice cream cones.
1 fell on the ground.
2 ice cream cones are left.
Enough for me. Yum!!

The United States of America
There are many places to go in the U.S.A.
Niagra Falls is in the U.S.A.
The St. Louis Arch is in the U.S.A.
Giant Redwood trees are in the U.S.A.
The Brooklyn Bridge is in the U.S.A.
The Space Needle is in the U.S.A.
The Grand Canyon is in the U.S.A.
The White House is in the U.S.A.
Disney World is in the U.S.A.
I want to go to all these places in the U.S.A.

Sleeping Beauty Marries the Prince
Aurora lived in the castle and she was named after the doll.
Aurora married the prince. She loved him and never took her love away from him.
Aurora became the most beautiful princess in all the land.
These are all my friends from Disney world. You can go to Disney World, too.
I am Aurora, and I live in a beautiful castle. I am going to marry the prince soon.
This is a wand. I live in the beautiful castle of Aurora. I was born on 1-28.
This is my fairy godmother.
This is my cat. Her name is Aurora. My name is Sleeping Beauty.
These are all my friends. They always keep me safe.
Today, I am going to have a special wedding day and a ball.

Lucy
Hi! My name is Lucy. I'm a standard poodle.
I like attention.
I have a curly tail.
I am curious.
This is me at Christmas, pretending to be an elf.

Texas
Texas is...
bluebonnets,
Indian paintbrushes,
beaches,
oil wells,
boots,
yellow roses,
NASA,
the Alamo,
wild flowers,
University of Texas,
the Capital,
mockingbirds,
Longhorns,
armadillos,
pecan trees,
the Lone Star State.

Hockey in Canada
Hockey is played inside.
Hockey is played outside.
Indoor hockey uses this type of net.
Outdoor hockey uses this type of net.
Hockey players need hockey sticks.
Hockey goalies wear masks.
Sometimes, hockey players get hurt.
The hockey team in Toronto is the Maple Leafs.
The Maple Leafs play at the Air Canada Centre.
Sidney Crosby is one of the best hockey players.
The best hockey team in the NHL wins the Stanley Cup.

Foot Book
Left foot, left foot. Right foot, right.
Feet in the morning,
feet at night.
Left foot,  left foot, left foot,  right.
Wet foot.
Dry foot.
High foot.
Low foot.
Front feet.
Back feet. Black feet.

Signs of Spring
A ladybug finds a flower.
Here comes the rain.
The ladybugs kiss.
The drops on the leaf fall.
The wind blows.
Cats explore.
Mom sheep gathers her lambs.
Lighting strikes!
The lake is calm.
The dog runs through the fields.
Kids play.
Bees buzz.
People walk in the rain.
The ducklings swim.
The cats chase one another.
Boys jump!

I Love Purses!
I love purses!
Some purses are small.
Some purses are big.
Some purses are tiny.
Purses are different colors.
I love pink purses best!

My Disney Cruise
This is the model of the Disney Cruise Line.
This is the Disney Cruise Line that I went on.
All Aboard! Time to dock!
The ship is anchored here.
There are many windows on the side of the ship.
This ship is docked.
The people are taking pictures of the model ship.
We left from Port Canaveral.
You can feel like the king of the world on the bow of the ship.
The ship has many verandas.
When I was on my cruise, we had to do a safety drill. I did not like that.
This is the back of the ship. My family slept toward the back of the ship.

All About Me!
This book is all about me.
I am a girl.
I am a boy.
I have blue eyes.
I have green eyes.
I have brown eyes.
I have blonde hair.
I have brown hair.
I have red hair.
I have black hair.
I have a sister.
I have a brother.
I have a cat.
I have a dog.
I like to swim.
I like to be silly!
I can ride my bike.
I love my Mom and she loves me!
I love the beach.
I love the snow.
I love toy trucks.
I love dolls.

Meet Kobe Bryant
Meet Kobe Bryant
Kobe played basketball in high school.
He was drafted by the Charlotte Hornets after high school.
He nows plays with the Los Angeles Lakers as a shooting guard.
He also plays with the USA team.
He has many endorsements such as Nike, The Coco Cola Company, Energy Drink, and Tony Hawk.
This is Kobe Bryant's life. The End

How to Take Care of a Rabbit
Take care of your rabbit.
You have to feed him and give him some water.
Keep him away from the dog.
You need to buy a girl rabbit and a boy rabbit.
They'll have babies.
Keep them away from the mama when they get big.
I might sell them.
It's OK if I want to keep the bunnies.

Our Senses
We use our senses to explore our world.
We smell with our nose.
We see with our eyes.
We eat and talk with our mouth.
We use our ears to hear.
We use our hands to touch.

My Favorite Things to Do
I like to draw.
I like to draw pictures of me.
I use crayons to draw.
Sometimes, I use markers.
I draw at school.
Sometimes, I draw at home.
I like to play games at home.
I like to play with toys at home.

Our Favorite Animals
My favorite animal is a fish.
My favorite animal is a bird.
My favorite animal is a bunny.
My favorite animal is a duck.
My favorite animal is a cat.
My favorite animal is a turtle.
My favorite animal is a cow.
My favorite animal is a tiger.
My favorite animal is a dog.
My favorite animal is a lion.

Crabs
I like hermit crabs.
They are funny.
They eat lettuce and cookies.
They live in a cage at school.
We have  six hermit crabs in our cage.
Their names are Two-Step, The Hulk, The Sarg, Mr. Pickadello, Speedracer, and Shy Guy.
My favorite crabs are Two-Step and Mr.Pichadello.

The Big Yellow School Bus
I see the big, yellow bus.
The bus takes me to school.
I see one yellow school bus.
I see two yellow school buses.
I see three yellow school buses.
I see four yellow school buses.
I see five yellow school buses.
I like to ride the big yellow school bus.

My School Bus
I love school buses.
They can be small.
They can be big.
A school bus has flashing lights.
A school bus has windows.
A school bus has a stop sign.
A school bus has mirrors.
A school bus has lots of seats.
A school bus can have a fan inside.
A school bus even has a back door.
Some school buses drive in the snow.
Some school buses drive in the rain.
Some school buses even drive on the highway.
School buses park in bus garages.
School buses take kids to school.
I can't wait to ride my own school bus!

My Little Red Wagon
I love my Radio Flyer wagon.
My wagon has wheels.
My wagon can have a canopy.
Or my wagon can have an umbrella.
This wagon is very big.
This wagon is very small.
I have lots of wagons.
Now I have just one wagon.
My wagon holds kids.
My wagon carries a dog.
My wagon carries pumpkins.
My wagon carries flowers.
My wagon goes in the snow.
My wagon goes on the beach.
My wagon is the best!

Firefighters
This is a firefighter.
Firefighters wear yellow uniforms.
Firefighters stay at a fire station.
They drive big firetrucks.
These are fire dogs.
Firefighters help us when...
there is a fire or
when we are in an accident.
Firefighters help keep us safe.

Swings
The boy swings.
The swings are in the snow.
It is fun to swing.
The swings will get wet!
The dad swings the boy.
The girl sits on the swing.
The swings are on the sand.
Look at the two swings.
The boy swings upside down!
The dog wants to swing.
The girls swing.
Here are 3 swings.
The boys jump off the swings.
The little girl swings.
The boy swings high.
The baby wants to swing.
The girl swings.
There is snow on the swings.
The boy swings high.
The swings are blue and red.
The baby swings.
Tire swings are fun!

Happy Easter
Happy Easter!
Easter is in the spring when flowers come out.
This is the Easter Bunny.
He hides eggs for us to find.
I like this egg.
This is an Easter basket.
You can find candy,
toys,
and lots of fun things in my basket.
Happy Easter!

Hermit Crabs
This story is about hermit crabs.
Hermit crabs are cool because they can hide in their shell.
Their shell is their home.
They can move into another home like we can.
You can keep hermit crabs as pets.
Watch out for their pincers!

Working People
We are fire fighters.
I help put out fires.
I am a police officer.
I'm not monkeying around. I am a doctor.
I am a nurse. I help people.
I am a student. Where's my teacher?
I am a dentist. I work on teeth.
Here's your change. I am a cashier.
Do you need a haircut? Then come to me. I am a hair stylist.
Here's a letter for you. I am a postal worker.
I work in a day care. I take care of babies.
I helped this kitty feel all better. I am a vet.
How would you like your meal? I prepare food for you.  I am a chef.

Chevy Cars
Chevy cars are the best cars.
The red Camaro is faster than a Ford Mustang.
The silver Camaro is a fast car.
A 1968 Camaro is a classic car.
This car is a drag racing Camaro.
Wait to see the 2010 Corvette. It is a cool car.
The history of the Camaro is better than Ford.
The beast of the Camaros is the Z28.
This is a Camaro with a body kit.
I am happy for a new car that is coming out, but I am sad because I 
cannot have it.

Postman
This is a postman.
Postmen work for the post office.
They bring us mail.
Some drive a mail car.
Some postmen walk.
Some drive big trucks.
They bring mail to our mailbox.
Thanks, postman!

The Echidna
I can grow up to half a metre.
I have a long nose.
Wendy was driving in her car one day, and got a flat tire when she ran over me.
I am spiky and have fur.
I love to dig, and I live in scrapes.
My picture is  on the five cent coin.
I am able to swim.

Dressing Up
Here is Snow White.
This is my Grandma.
This is Annie.
Here are three ballerinas.
This is Woodrow.
Here is a pretty fairy.
This is Sponge Bob.
Here are some clowns.

I See Shapes
I see shapes.
I see circles.
I see squares.
I see hearts.
I see rectangles.
I see triangles.
I see stars.
I see shapes everywhere.

Bionicle Heroes
The Piraka destroys the Toa.
The Piraka rules the land.
The hero was a statue.
It cracked open and it was a Toa!
Another Toa came.
They can't fight the big, giant monster.
He started to attack.
The Toa combined and became stronger.
They won and killed the big, giant monster!

Shoes, Shoes, and MORE Shoes!
Look at all these shoes to choose from!
Here's what NOT to choose when wearing shorts!
Are these for real?
Are you a high heel shoe person?
Sneakers?
Maybe flats?
Or Crocs?
Here are my favorite!
I love my Chucks. You may prefer to call them Converse All Stars!
They've been around for a LONG time.
You can get them in any color you want!
Seriously...
I wouldn't be caught dead in these shoes!
Maybe I'd wear these shoes for Halloween.
Since when do arms wear Converse?
I love shoes.
What are your favorite shoes?

Police Officer
This is a police officer.
This is a police dog.
Police officers wear a blue uniform.
Some police officers drive cars.
Some police officers ride horses.
Police officers help us when we are lost.
Police officers keep us safe.

Doctors
This is a doctor.
Doctors wear white coats.
Doctors use stethoscopes.
This is a doctor's office.
We go to the doctor when...
we need a check up,
we are sick,
or we get hurt.
Doctors help us stay happy and healthy.

Rainy Days
What do we wear on a rainy day?
What do we wear on our body?
We wear a raincoat.
What do we wear on our feet?
We wear our rain boots.
What do we hold over our heads?
We hold umbrellas.
We wear our rain clothes on rainy days.

Governments; Compare and Contrast
In the United States, we have a president.
Here are 5 United States presidents.
In the United Kingdom, they have a queen.
In the United Kingdom, they have a prime minister.
The President lives in the White House.
The president works in the Oval Office.
The Queen lives in Buckingham Palace.
The Prime Minister lives on Downing Street.
In the United States, we have a Congress.
In the United ,they have a Parliament.
In the United States, the Congress works at the Capitol.
In the United Kingdom, the Parliament works in London.
In both countries, you can be arrested.
You can have a trial.
In the United States, you can have a jury trial.
You can also have a trial with only a judge.

Cats
One cat.
Two cats.
Peek cats!
Sleepy cat.
Fight cats?

Landforms
Landforms are all around us.
Mountains are tall landforms that often have snow on top.
The space between two mountains is called a valley.
A plateau is like a mountain with a flat top.
Hills are like small mountains.
A river runs downhill and ends at the ocean.
Waterfalls occur when a stream or river runs over a cliff.
A canyon is formed when water runs downhill between two plateaus.
A large part of the Earth is covered by oceans.
A bay is formed when water is surrounded on three sides by land.
An island is a landform that is surrounded by water.
We can see many landforms on maps.

Mouse's Bad Dream
Mouse is dreaming.
He is having an adventure!
Mouse is in the great outdoors.
Oh oh!
This is bad.
Very Bad!
Help!
Mouse wakes up.

Snow Days
Hurray for snow days!
When the weather is snowy, we get out of school.
Kids love to play in the snow with their pets.
It is fun to build snowmen.
Lots of people go sledding down big hills.
WHEEEE!
Snow days are fun days!

Fruits and Vegetables
Fruits and vegetables are good for you.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Bananas give you potassium.
Strawberries are sweet.
Cherries are good for your heart.
Did you know peaches grow on trees?
Broccoli gives you iron.
Corn is good on the cob.
You can mash potatoes, baked potatoes, and even fry potatoes.
Rabbits like to eat cabbage.
Carrots help your eyesight.
Next time you go to the grocery store, buy some fruits and vegetables!

Nicholas' Birthday Party
Nicholas' dad is decorating with balloons.
Nicholas opened the presents that we gave him.
We ate birthday cake before he opened his presents.
His cake was chocolate.
Nicholas had 7 candles on his cake.
We bowled. It was fun.
We played skee-ball.
I got 100 points.
We rode on the roller coaster too.

Egypt
Egypt is a country in Africa where it is very warm.
Pharaohs like King Tut ruled ancient Egypt.
Egyptians ride everywhere on camels.
In Egypt, there are many ancient sculptures.
The Sphinx is a sculpture near the Great Pyramids.
The Great Pyramids of Giza are three enormous sculptures.
A pyramid is a type of tomb.
Mummies were buried in the pyramids.
Egyptians drew pictures on the walls of pyramids called hieroglyphics.
I love to study ancient Egypt.

The Solar System
We live in a solar system.
A solar system has a sun and planets.
Solar means sun.
A planet is shaped like a big ball.
Planets that are farther away from the sun are colder.
If the planet is closer to the sun, it's warmer.
Some planets are made out of gas, like Saturn.
Earth is our planet.
Many planets have moons.
Pluto is a dwarf planet, or a small planet.
There are a lot more solar systems in the universe.

Airplanes
I like airplanes.
Airplanes go fast.
Airplanes fly high.
Some airplanes are big.
Some airplanes are small.
Airplanes have wings that help them fly.
Airplanes carry people.
Airplanes land at airports.
Airplanes are cool.
Some airplanes can land on water.

Flowers!
Flowers!
All flowers look different.
Flowers come in many colors.
I love the bright red color of poppies.
Blue flowers are my favorite.
Many different bugs drink the flower's nectar.
Look at the beautiful color of sunflowers.
If you put flowers in water, they will last longer.
What is your favorite type of flower?

Guinea Pigs
Guinea pigs make nice classroom pets.
The students love to hold them because they are so cute.
Teachers love them because they are so friendly.
Guinea pigs need a nice clean cage to stay in.
If you take them outside, make an enclosure for them.
Guinea pigs are good friends to other animals.
Guinea Pigs are very social and love to party with their friends.
Two guinea pigs can keep each other company in the classroom.
What should we feed our pets?
Guinea pigs like to eat carrots.
They like to eat lettuce.
They also love celery.
Guinea pigs love vegetables!
Guinea pigs will take food offered by hand.
Sometimes, the guinea pigs need a bath.
Bath time is over!!
Towel-dry!!
So.. what kind of piggie should we get for our classroom?
There are so many colours and lengths of hair.
How about this one with longer hair?
How about a brown one?
How about one with spiked hair?
How about a black one or a red and white one?
How about a Coronet guinea pig with really long hair?
How about a tri-coloured guinea pig?
How about a white one?
How about a happy red and white piggie who smiles?
How about a Shaggy guy?
Black and white is nice, too.
How about a pig who enjoys the finer things in life?
Guinea pigs are extremely intelligent.
The students really love their special classroom pet.
Let's get two guinea pigs for our class!!

Turtles & Tortoises
Turtles and tortoises are different.
Most turtles do not get very big. They stay small.
Sea turtles can grow to about 50-100 pounds.
Turtles swim in water, even though they breathe air.
There are many different colors of turtles such as black, green, blue, and orange.
Tortoises get big and don't swim in water.
Some tortoises can grow to over 150 pounds.
Tortoises go in shallow water every now and then.
Tortoises and turtles eat plants.
My favorite turtle is a Leather Back Sea Turtle.

Cold Winter Days
We should always dress in thick coats for cold days.
Big jackets and scarves keep us warm. Don't forget the mittens!
Jackets, scarves, and mittens, oh my!
It is fun to play in the snow with our friends.
We make snowmen and pretend they are real.
Then we have a snowball fight.
Let snowflakes fall on your tongue.
We go inside to warm up with some hot cocoa.
We sit by the fire and talk about the fun we had.
Then Mom brings us popcorn and cookies to eat.
I love cold winter days!

Monkeys
Monkeys like to play in trees.
If you go to the zoo, you will see monkeys playing on ropes.
They love to eat fruit.
Some monkeys are very shy.
There are many types of monkeys like...
spider monkeys,
woolly monkeys,
orangutans,
and baboons.
Monkeys are surprising animals.
Many people love monkeys, especially me.

Dolphins
There are many types of dolphins in the world.
Dolphins are mammals, which means they have live young.
Dolphins like to swim in pods or groups.
They swim alongside boats and ships.
All dolphins love  to eat squid and fish.
Dolphins are smart animals and can be trained to do tricks.
You can see dolphins in aquariums.
When a dolphin gets hurt, the dolphins in the pod help out.
Dolphins are amazing and beautiful animals.
My favorite dolphin is a Bottlenose Dolphin.

I Like Birds
I like birds.
There are many different types of birds.
Some eagles have bald heads.
Parrots can talk to you.
Parrots and parakeets make good pets.
Some birds cannot fly.
An ostrich cannot fly.
Penguins cannot fly, but they do swim.
There are other birds that like to swim.
Swans are birds that like to swim.
Ducks are also birds that like to swim.
There are many different types of birds, but my favorite is the Cardinal.
What bird is your favorite?

Penguins
Penguins live in Antarctica.
It is very cold there.
Penguins love to slide on the freezing ice into water.
Even though penguins are birds, they cannot fly.
Penguins are really colorful. They are yellow, orange, and blue!
There are many types of penguins. Some of them are King, Emperor, and Rock-Hopper.
Penguins swim very fast in the water and love to fish for krill, a tiny shrimp.
Penguins have to be careful because they are hunted by killer whales and seals.
When a male penguin likes a female penguin, he will give a rock to her.
When they are ready to swim, one penguin jumps in to make sure it is safe. Then all the others jump in, too.
I love penguins so much!

Lizards
Lizards are interesting animals.
This lizard is small.
Other lizards are big like this one.
Lizards that change colors are called chameleons.
Lizards are reptiles.
This lizard has rough scales.
This lizard has spikes on his back.
Lizards are awesome animals.

Owls
Snow Owls are beautiful and graceful animals.
Great Horned Owls are the biggest type of owl.
This is a mother Barn Owl with her baby.
This owl is just looking around for prey.
I'm ready for takeoff.
This is a white Great Horned Owl.
This is a spotted Snow Owl sitting on a stump.
A flying Snow Owl high in the sky.
A scared baby Horned Owl.

My Dog
One friend waiting.
Two friends hanging out!
Three friends listening.
Three dogs take a walk.
Four friends hanging around.

Cricket
The ball's in the air.
It must be summer.
In summer, everyone in Australia watches cricket.
The Melbourne Cricket Ground is huge.
Ricky Ponting is a great batsman.
He's captain of the Australian team.
Shane Warne was a terrific bowler.
So was Muralitharan from Sri Lanka.
Howzat!

Vanessa's Cake Book
I like this cake because it is like a hamburger.
Harry Potter bought this cake!
My dog, Lucky, would like these cute cakes.
You have to play to get a slice of this cake.
You need to change the names before eating!
I want this cake for my birthday.
Which cake do you want?

Make a Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich
The store has many kinds of peanut butter and jelly.
What are your favorites?
Let's make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
First, you need to get a plate and a napkin ready.
Open the fridge to get out the jelly.
Peanut butter is usually in the cupboard or pantry.
Take off the lids to the peanut butter and jelly jar.
Find the bread and take 2 slices out.
Begin making your sandwich.
With a knife, spread the peanut butter on one side.
You are done when the peanut butter is covering the entire piece of bread.
Spread the jelly on the other side.
Close your sandwich so the peanut butter and jelly touch.
Put the lids back on the jars and put them away.
Some people like to cut their sandwich in half.
Rinse off the knife in the kitchen sink.
Enjoy eating your sandwich.
Use the napkin to wipe your mouth.
When you are done, clean off your plate.

Seinfeld: The TV Show
This is Jerry Seinfeld.
He was on TV.
He had his own show.
It was funny. Everyone loved it.
Elaine was an old friend of Jerry's.
George was his best friends.
This was where Jerry lived.
He was always eating here with his friends.
This was not Jerry's favorite shirt.
This was not an easy place to get soup.
They made us laugh.
It was like having friends on TV.
I still miss them.

Goods and Services
Goods are things people make or use to satisfy their needs.
Goods are things people make or use to satisfy their wants.
Goods are things we can see and feel.
Some goods are things we need.
Some goods are things we want.
A baseball glove is a good.
You can see it and touch it.
A soda is a good.
You can see it and touch it.
A pencil is a good.
You can see it and touch it.
Services are activities that satisfy people's needs.
Services are activities that satisfy people's wants.
We can't feel or hold services.
A service is something that someone does for us.
A vet does something for us.
A vet takes care of our pets.
A police officer does something for us.
A police officer keeps us safe.
A firefighter does something for us.
A firefighter puts out fires.
We can use money to buy goods.
We can use money to pay for services.
A person who purchases goods and services is a buyer.
Purchase is a word that means buy.
Buyers use money to purchase food.
Buyers use money to purchase clothes.
Buyers use money to purchase other goods.
Buyers use money to purchase services.
Buyers use money to purchase services from a doctor.
Buyers use money to purchase a car wash.
Buyers use money to purchase other services.
A seller is a person who sells goods.
A seller is a person who sells services.
People can be both buyers and sellers of goods and services.

Friends
Friendship is when people help me.
I don't want to be a friend to someone who argues with me.
A positive friend supports me.
Negative friends make fun of others.
Friends give good advice.
Friends don't pressure me into bad things.
Good friends socialize at the park.
If I find a bad friend, I walk away.
I like having good friends.

Our Snow Day
I built a big snowman.
I threw a snowball at  Noah.
I made a snow angel in the snow.
I had a snowball fight with my friends.
I went walking in the snow.
I went sledding with my friends.
I played football with my brother.

Wheels
We are in high school. High school is so much fun!!
We go places to work, and I can use my communication device, just like Keyaira.
I am too little for High School. I love to watch my teachers use the microwave, just like Keyaira.
I am camping with my friends. They put him in the tree. Keyaira does not want to be in the tree.
Purple hair is really cool. Keyaira does not want purple hair.
Even superman has wheels, just like Keyaira.

Eggs!
Eggs
Eggs, eggs, eggs!
I love eggs!
Chickens lay eggs.
Eggs can be many colors and sizes.
Eggs can crack.  Do you know what is inside?
Gooey egg! When an egg cracks, the gooey inside comes out.
We have to be careful with eggs so we don't break them.
Eggs, eggs, eggs!   I love eggs!

Madness of Frogs
Frogs,
frogs,
frogs, they are everywhere.
Frogs,
frogs,
frogs, croaking fills the air.
Louder,
louder,
louder is their blasting blare.
There's no silence in the night!
Frogs,
frogs, croaks heard 3 miles away.
5, 6, 7 beyond that they say.
Frogs,
frogs, multiplying more each day.
There's no silence in the night!
Frogs,
frogs, don't try to seek them out.
Frogs,
frogs,
frogs, they're hiding all about.
Go,
go,
go, mad until you shout.
There's no silence in the night!

Our Earth
This is our planet: Earth.
There are 7 continents: North America, South America, Asia, Europe, Australia, Africa, and Antarctica.
There are 5 oceans: Pacific, Atlantic, Arctic, Antarctic, and Indian.
Some places are cold all the time. They are called polar regions.
Some places are dry and hot all the time. They are called desert regions.
Some places are warm and wet all the time. They are called tropical regions.
Some places have different seasons and can be warm, cold, wet, or dry. These are called temperate regions.
We live in a temperate region.

Angela Loves Football
The kicker kicks the football. Is it a fact or opinion?
Cheerleaders cheer. Is it a fact or opinion?
The football stadium is lots of fun. Is it a fact or opinion?
They are playing football in the rain. Is it a fact or opinion?
He is the best player on the team because he caught the football. Is it a fact or opinion?
The referee blows the whistle. Is it a fact or opinion?
The quarterback is  my favorite player. Is it a fact or opinion?
The tower shows Texas won. Is it a fact or opinion?
The Texas band is Angela's favorite because they are good. Is it a fact or opinion?
He is the best kicker ever. Is it a fact or opinion?
This is a Longhorn. Is it a fact or opinion?
The Longhorns are my favorite team. They are the best. Is it a fact or opinion?
They are kicking an extra point. That is one point. Is it a fact or opinion?

My Pet Dinosaur
I have a dinosaur.
My dinosaur sleeps outside of my apartment.
I go for walks with my dinosaur.
My dinosaur eats fish.
I love my dinosaur! He is my pet.

Our 5 Senses
Our 5 Senses
Touch
See
Hear
Taste
Smell

My Pet Dinosaur
I have a pet dinosaur.
My dinosaur swims in my pool.
My dinosaur eats hot dogs. They are hot!
We like to play on the computer.
I love my dinosaur! We are friends.

Dogs
Dogs come in all shapes, sizes and colours. They are wonderful pets.
Baby dogs are called puppies and are very tiny when they are born.
This is such a cute little puppy!
Puppies grow up into dogs.  There are many different breeds.
There are Pugs.
Here is a Golden Retriever like Murphy.
Here is another Pug.
Here is an Alaskan Malamute.
Here are two Black Labs just like Shadow.
Here are two Huskies running in the snow.
Here is a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel.  This is a very nice dog.
Here are two Chihuahuas.  They are very small.
Here is a Poodle.  They have curly hair.
Here is a Dachshund. This dog has short legs.
Here is a Yorkshire Terrier.  It is a small dog.
Here is a Dalmatian.  It is a larger dog.
Here is a Basset Hound.
Here is a Papillon like Crystal.  She is a small dog.
This is a Newfoundland dog like Ollie.  He is a very big dog.
This is a Viszla like Bella.  She likes to run and play.
Here is a Shitszu like Coco.  She is a small dog.
We love our dogs.

Life of an Ant
Ants, ants are everywhere.
Ants live in groups called mobs, just like kangaroos.
Ants can sleep in people's houses, rocks and on leaves.
But they mostly live in holes.
This one's very curious.
Can you spot him?
Even though lots of ants are killed, they are definitely not endangered.
They can hold their breath for a long time.
Ants are very small.
They're so small that for them a regular house is a mansion.
They aren't balancing because their legs have sticky stuff on them.
Aww, poor frog that was his last leap.
Ants work together.

Living in Lesotho
What is it like to live in Lesotho?
Lesotho is a country on the continent of Africa.
America is a country on the continent of North America.
Lesotho's capital is Maseru.
America's capital is Washington, D.C.
In America, many people live in houses.
Many people live in apartments.
Many people live in mobile homes.
In Lesotho, many people live in houses that look like this.
In America, most people ride in cars to go places.
In Lesotho, most people walk.
They walk even if they have something to carry.
Sometimes, there are more animals on the roads than cars!
In America, most kids play when they are not at school.
In Lesotho, even young kids work to help their families.
Some take care of their little brothers and sisters.
Many boys are shepherds and take care of the family's animals.
They must dress in warm blankets because it is cold at night in winter.
Some shepherds ride ponies or donkeys.
Some walk.
Some shepherds are very young.
Would you be afraid?
In America, most kids like to watch TV.
Most kids like to play video games.
Most people in Lesotho do not have electricity.
Imagine being a kid and not having electricity!
No TV or video games!
No washer and dryer!
You would wash your clothes in a pan and hang them outside to dry.
What? No stove or oven?
You would cook in a big pot over a fire.
In America, most people shop for food.
They go to grocery stores like Food Lion.
They go to department stores like Wal-Mart.
In Lesotho, you might buy some food from a friend.
You might buy food from someone else in your village.
If you lived in a village, you would plant most of your own food.
You would take care of it and harvest it when it was ready.
In America, most people eat breakfast every day.
Most people eat lunch every day.
Most people eat dinner every day.
Many families like to go to fast-food restaurants.
Many families like to go to other restaurants.
In Lesotho, most people only eat one meal every day.
How would you feel if you only ate once a day?
In America, when people are thirsty, they can get clean water from a sink.
In Lesotho, most people must walk a long way to get water.
One man thought of a way to bring clean water to villages in Africa.
He designed PlayPumps to use the energy of kids to pump water for villages.
Some of the PlayPumps are in villages in Lesotho.
Life in Lesotho is hard for kids and their parents.
Maybe it will be a little easier with PlayPumps.

Brody's & Joshua's Healthy breakfast
Pancakes
Oats
Waffle
Bacon and eggs
Turkish delight
Pizza

Our Healthy Breakfast
We made a healthy omelette for breakfast.
First, we got 7 eggs.
We grated the cheese.
We chopped the onion.
We sliced the zucchini and tomato.
We picked the herbs.
We chopped the parsley,basil, chives and mustard cress.
We mixed all the ingredients.
we cooked the omelette.
We ate the omelette with toast, grilled tomato and cucumber.

My Z Book
The letter Z.
Zebra starts with z.
Zero starts with z.
Zig zag starts with z.
Zipper starts with z.
Zizzer zazzer zuzz starts with z.
Zoo starts with z.
Zoo keeper starts with z.
The letter z.

Under the Sea
The dolphin is jumping out of the water.
The jellyfish are swimming in the water.
The otter is looking out of the water.
The starfish is looking for food in the water.
The fish is swimming in the water.
The coral makes a reef in the water.
The shark is dangerous in the water.
The turtle is floating in the water.
The stingray glides in the water.
There are lots of animals in the water.

All About a Pond
Ponds have many plants, like bullrushes.
They have many lily pads.
This is just one lily pad.
This is a different kind.
Frogs live in ponds on lily pads and use the plants to hide from enemies.
Herons want to eat the frog.
Frogs like to eat bugs like dragonflies.
Ducks live in ponds.
Many birds live near ponds.
Seagulls eat frogs and fish.
Ducks landing on a pond.
Many ducks need ponds for their habitat.
A pond in the winter.
A pond in the fall.
A pond at night time.
Turtles live in ponds.
Beavers live by ponds.
Beavers make a dam for their home.
Butterflies are found near ponds.
Birds eat butterflies.
A pond is a good place.

My Body is Special
My body is special.
With my hands,
I touch the butterfly.
With my ears,
I hear the train.
With my tongue,
I taste the ice cream.
With my eyes,
I see the clown.
With my nose,
I smell the flower.
My body is special and so am I.

Dogs are Cool!
Dogs are Cool!
Baby dogs are called puppies.
Some dogs have short hair.
Some dogs have long hair.
Some dogs are small.
Some dogs are big.
Some dogs are sad.
Some dogs are happy.
Some dogs like to sleep.
Some dogs like to run.
Some dogs are smart.
Dogs are cool!
I love dogs!

My Pet Dinosaur
My dinosaur plays on the computer.
My dinosaur likes to play fetch.
My dinosaur eats pizza.
My dinosaur sleeps in the forest.
I love my pet dinosaur!

My Y Book
This is the letter Y.
Y is for yacht.
Y is for yams.
Yum!!
Y is for yak.
Y is for yard.
Y is for yarn.
Y is for yellow.
Y is for yoga.
Y is for yogurt.  Yum!!
Y is for yawn.
The letter Y.

Native American Indians
We are learning about Native American Indians.
They wore feathers in their hair on special occasions.
They had dogs for pets.
They danced on special occasions.
They ate squash,
corn,
fish,
berries,
and deer.
They rode in canoes that they made.
They used weapons.
The lived in houses made of sticks, small trees, mud and bark.
Native Americans are interesting.

Cakes
There are many cakes in the world.
Some cakes do not look like cakes.
Some cakes look like cakes.
Some cakes are just delicious!
It's really fun to eat cake.

Frogs, Frogs Everywhere
Frogs, Frogs Everywhere
Some frogs are colourful.
Frogs are friendly.
Some frogs are poisonous. Stay away!
Some frogs are small.
Some frogs are big.
Frogs can camouflage. Can you find the two frogs?
There are many frogs in the world.
Some frogs are cute.
Frogs start off as tadpoles.
Frogs live on lily pads.

Frilled Lizard
The frilled lizard is Australia's largest dragon lizard.
It is found in drier, warmer areas in the north of Australia.
Frilled lizards are recognized by the brightly coloured frilled skin around their necks.
The male is more colourful than the female, and it has a black belly.
When threatened, it expands its frill, opens its mouth and hisses.
They look scary, but are not venomous. They can grow to 1 metre long.
Females lay eggs in a shallow nest that she digs in soft ground.
The frilled lizard is partly arboreal. It uses tree trunks to climb up to help spot prey.
They can camouflage to blend in and stay very still.
Their main diet is insects.
They can eat mice and other small ground creatures.
They are active in the daytime and move very fast on their hind legs.

St. David's Day
Happy St. David's Day!
St. David's Day is March 1.
St. David is the patron saint of Wales.
His symbol is the daffodil.
St. David's Day is a day to celebrate Welsh culture...
including Welsh music!
There are parades in Wales on St. David's Day.
Choirs sing old Welsh songs.
People have parties and go out.
Welsh cookies are delicious!
Three symbols of Wales are the  daffodil, flag, and leek.
Welsh traditional dancers join the party.
There's another Welsh flag.
Parades are great fun.
At our school, we celebrated by wearing red.
Happy St. David's Day!

Shamrocks Everywhere
Shamrocks everywhere!
Shamrocks on the cupcake!  Yum, yum, yum!
Shamrocks everywhere!
Shamrocks on the dog.
Shamrocks everywhere!
Shamrocks in the chocolate. Yum, yum, yum!
Shamrocks everywhere!
Shamrocks at the parade.
Shamrocks everywhere!
Shamrocks on the door!
Shamrocks everywhere!
Shamrocks on the hat.
Shamrocks everywhere!
Shamrocks in the grass.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!

Cruising
Cruising
This is my first time on a cruise ship. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm staying in a cabin. 
I'm gonna have fun!
I'm traveling to Aruba. 
I'm gonna have fun!
I'm snorkeling in Aruba. 
I'm gonna have fun!
I'm spending a day at sea. 
I'm gonna have fun!
I'm traveling to Curacao. 
I'm gonna have fun!
I'm watching the dolphin show. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm traveling to St. Maarten. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm traveling on a tall ship. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm spending the day poolside. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm traveling to St. Thomas. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm going on a helmet dive. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm traveling back to Chicago!
I want the sun!!!!!

Riding on the Train
Riding on the Train
I am excited! I get to ride on a train!
First, I walk with my dad to the train station.
Then, I sit on the bench and wait for the train to come.
Choo! Choo! Here comes the train!
I get on the train and it starts to go fast!
The train stops. We are at Union Station.
I get off the train, and guess who is there... my mom!
I had so much fun riding the train! Do you like going on trains?

I Love Candy
Lollipops are sweet. I love them!
Gummy bears are chewy. I love them!
Sweethearts talk to me. I love them!
Candy canes are stripey. I love them!
Gumdrops are sugary. I love them!
Chocolate is creamy. I love them!
I love candy!

Going to the Park
We are going to the park!
I can climb at the park.
I can crawl through tunnels at the park.
I can hang on the monkey bars at the park.
I can color with chalk at the park.
I can spin on the merry-go-round at the park.
I can go down the slide at the park.
I can run and jump at the park.
I can swing at the park.
I can play with my friends at the park.
I love going to the park!

I Love Camping
I love to go camping. I love to build campfires.
I love to go boating and fishing.
I love sleeping in a tent.
I love hiking in the woods.
And most of all, I love sharing it with my family.

Dinosaurs
Dinosaurs lived a long time ago.
Some ate meat.
Some ate plants.
Some others... ate candy!
Some were cute.
Dinosaurs are all dead now. It is so sad.

Dolphins
A dolphin can be a great friend.
Dolphins are really smart and they can do a lot of really cool stuff.
They are smart enough to stay together!
They are even smart enough to say bye bye!

Pizza Party
This is a cat pizza that looks good enough to eat.
This pizza is like a yummy cloud.
Icky!
Spicy, spicy  meat on pizza is yummy, yummy!

Dinosaurs
The dinosaur is standing.
The dinosaur is eating.
The dinosaur is fighting.
The dinosaur is teaching.
The dinosaur is waving.
The dinosaur is flying.
The dinosaur is walking.
The dinosaur is playing.
The dinosaur is singing.
The dinosaur is stomping.
The dinosaur is rolling.
Many dinosaurs.

Pets
Some pets are small.
Some pets wear clothes.
Some pets can run.
Some pets can dance.
Some pets can fly.
Some pets  can swim.
Some pets are spiky.
Some pets can lick. YUCK!

Then and Now
Then: Some houses had dirt floors.
Now: Some houses have tile floors.
Then: Grocery stores were small.
Now: Grocery stores are big.
Then: Rooms had very little furniture.
Now: Rooms have lots of stuff.
Then: Cowboys branded the livestock.
Now: Fences keep the livestock closed off.
Then: Everyone went to school in one room.
Now: Every grade has their own room.
Then: People listened to music on a victrola.
Now: We listen to music on mp3 players.
I like living now!

What is on a Farm?
What is on a farm?
On a farm, there is a barn.
On a farm, there is hay.
On a farm, there are fields.
On a farm, there is mud.
On a farm, there are crops.
On a farm, there are fences.
On a farm, there is a tractor.
On a farm, there are pastures.
On a farm, there is a chicken coop.
On a farm, there is a house.
What else is on a farm?

Yummy, Yummy, in My Tummy
Strawberries are yummy. They are sweet and juicy to eat.
Here is a yummy, yummy fruit dish.
Yummy, yummy rainbow sprinkles on some smooth, glazed doughnuts.
Some beautiful pastries fit for a king.
What a beautiful cupcakes. They reminds me of coffee with cream.
This one looks like it would be perfect for a seaside picnic.
This looks like it was made in China!
Some delicious ice cream.
This is such a fancy little dessert.

I Love All Things Dora
I love Dora lights.
I love Dora balloons.
I love Dora statues.
I love Dora costumes.
I love to watch Dora's show.
I love to meet Dora.
I love Dora shirts.
I love Dora stuffed animals.
I love Dora hide and seek.
I love Dora cake.
I love Dora cupcakes.
I love Boots.
I love Boots toys.
I love Boots candy.

Things We Like to Eat
I like to eat strawberries.
I like to eat ice cream.
I like to eat French fries.
I like to eat broccoli.
I like to eat gummy bears.
I like to eat chicken nuggets.
I like to eat bread.
I like to eat watermelon.
I like to eat cookies.
I like to eat pretzels.

A Book About Bird Eggs
Some eggs have spots.
Some eggs are big.
Some eggs are small.
Some nests are made with feathers.
Some nests are made of twigs.
Some eggs look silver.
Some look gold.
Some look new.
Some look well...old.
Some nests are twiggy.
Some are made of straw.
Some nests are in the dark.
Some nests are built in the light.
Some nests are made in the morning.
Some nests are made at night.
Some birds have a big family!
Some don't have such a big family.
There are many different kinds of birds and eggs.

Clouds
Clouds
There is a storm moving in.
Cumulus clouds produce thunder storms! They are also called thunderheads.
Thunderheads have flat tops.
Cumulus clouds are fluffy! They have flat bottoms and are low in the sky.
Cirrus clouds are light and feathery. They usually mean fair weather.
Stratus clouds are low clouds.
Fog is a stratus cloud that is at ground level.

Animals
This is a tiger.
These are lots of camels.
It's a kitty cat.
Here is a gorilla.
There is one deer.
Look at the two giraffes.
Lions are loud.
Eagles like to soar.

Little Pony
Some ponies are big enough to ride.
Others are small enough to hug.
Some like to keep their bristly hair short.
Others prefer to keep their soft hair long.
Most like the warm sun and plants.
Others like the cold and an enclosed home.
Some enjoy the thrills of high speed galloping.
But most prefer to take time to enjoy all the wonderful things in life, such as you!

Going to the Airport
Going to the Airport
When I go to the airport, they will take my suitcase.
We will stand in line.  That's okay.
We will put our things in a bucket.  We will take off our shoes.
I will walk through a security door.
We will walk to our terminal.  We might walk on a moving sidewalk.
I will sit in a chair and wait to get on the plane and that's okay.
We will find our seat.  We will sit down and wait for the airplane to go in the air.
We're up in the air!  We're flying!
I am having fun!  I like to go on an airplane!

Pets
Let's read about pets.
Serena has a dog named Chief.
Mrs. Smith has five cats.
Cats are furry.
Cats do not like to have a bath.
Ayen had a hamster for a pet.
Carter has a dog named Shy Low.
Maggie has a dog too.
Dogs like to run.
Mrs. Fortnum has many fish.
Rabbits can be pets.
Pets can be good friends.
Our class pet is Thor.
A Guinea pig is a pet.
Birds can be pets.
A pet is a friend.
The End.

Me
This was me on my way to meet mommy.
As I started growing in mommy's tummy, I got bigger.
I knew Mommy and Daddy loved me before I was born.
Daddy would hug me and talk to me and tell me how much he loves me.
I even had my picture taken while still in Mommy's tummy.
Then the day came when it was time to come out of Mommy's tummy.
It took a long time and it was hard on me and Mommy and Daddy.
On February 21st 2009, I was born.
I was 6lbs and 2 oz., and I was 18 inches long.
My hands and feet were tiny and perfect.
I had lots and lots of hair.
I have lots of people who love me, and everyone is happy I am here.

Football Game
Football is a very good game.
Somebody got a touchdown.
Somebody tied the game.
Then somebody threw and caught the ball.  He got a touchdown.
Then they had a time out, and the next team gets a turn.
Then they do push-ups.
3, 2, 1, 0!  The game is over! The Red Team won.

Clothing
This is a t-shirt.
This is a sweatshirt.
These are pants.
This is a skirt.
These are socks.
This is a coat.
These are shoes.
This is a hat.
These are pajamas.
This is a dress.
These are shorts.

My Favorite Foods
I love chocolate cupcakes. Yum!
This is a funny picture of real hot dogs.
Mr. Hot Dog is really funny.
The cat wants to eat the pizza.
The pizza tastes really good with pepperoni.
This pizza is Iranian pizza.
I love French fries with ketchup and hamburgers.
Cucumbers are really good to eat with salt.

Hair Pins
Flower hair pins
Fancy hair pins
Hair pin curve
Hair pin necklace
Hair pins for a bun
Red hair pins
Black hair pins
Diamond heart hair pins
Blue hair pins
Hair pin X
Not until...
Halloween.

Sleepy, Sleepy Animals
The cat looks out the window. The cat sees a bird. The bird flies to its nest. What does the cat see?
The bird makes her nest in the trees. She finds feathers. The bird hears woof woof! Where is the nest?
The dog is silly! He wears glasses. The dog reads a story about a horse. Who reads a story?
The horse gets scared. She jumps high. The horse sees a great big whale! Who jumps high?
The whale plays in the water. His tail makes a big splash! People are all wet! Where does the whale play?
The cat is sleepy. She sleeps on a pillow. Where does the cat sleep?
The bird gets sleepy. He sleeps in his nest. Where does he sleep?
The dog gets sleepy. He sleeps on the couch. Where does he sleep?
The horse gets sleepy. She falls asleep in the barn. Where does she sleep?
The whale gets sleepy. He falls asleep in the water. Where does the whale sleep?

Let's Go to the Game!
It's Friday night. Time for football.
Let's go to the game!
Look at the players. Go team!
Look at the Cheerleaders. Go team!
Look at the band. Go team!
Look at the crowd. Go team!
Look at the coach. Go team!
Kick-off!
Run, run, run!
Tackle. Oh no!
Run, run, run!
Touchdown! Oh yes!
We win! Yea!
I'm glad we went to the game.

Melissa's Shiny Things
Ring of green
Red ring
Bright flower
All the gold
Peekaboo
Indian necklace
Beautiful ornament
Bracelet

Hats
Hats
The hat looks like a frog.
The cat is wearing a hat.
Count the hats.
The dog is wearing a hat.
Look at the pretty hats.
The girl is wearing a hat.
There are many hats.
The hat is blue.

Matthew's Book About Space
Planets in space.
Moon in space.
Spaceships in space.
Galaxy in space.
Milky Way in space.
Stars in space.
Saturn in space.
Astronaut in space.
I play with astronauts.

Race Cars
I like Dale Earhart, Jr.'s race car.
This race car is a good red car and it is the hottest in the world.
This race car looks like it is going to win the race.
This flying race car is not cool.
Jeff Gordon is going to win the Nextel Cup Race!
This engine is from Rick Hendrix's car.
This car won the race!
This race car is a small race car toy.
This pile of cars is not bad.

I Love Lots of Things
I love the sunset.
I love my little brother.
I love all things bright and beautiful.
I love camping with my family.
Most of all I love Christmas!

Australian Animals
A baby kangaroo is called a joey.
An echidna lays eggs.
A baby dingo is called a pup.
The lyrebird is on the ten cent coin.
Wombats feed their babies milk.
A baby koala rides on its mother's back.
The platypus lives in a burrow near creeks and rivers.
The cockatoo has a yellow crest on its head.
The bilby lives in the desert. It is very rare.
A kookaburra has a laughing call.
The emu can't fly.

What Do Dogs Like To Do?
What Do Dogs Like to Do?
Dogs like to hide.
Dogs like to go for a ride.
Could this be the dog for me?
Dogs like to run.
Dogs like to have fun.
Could this be the dog for me?
Dogs like to fight.
Dogs like to bite.
Could this be the dog for me?
Dogs like to get wet.
Dogs like to be pet.
Could this be the dog for me?
Dogs like to sleep.
I think this is the dog I will keep!

Five Branches of the Military
We have the Army.
We have the Navy.
We have the Air Force.
We have the Marines.
We have the Coast Guard.

Heroes
A policeman can be a hero.
A fireman can be a hero.
A soldier can be a hero.
A father can be a hero.
A mother can be a hero.
A brother can be a hero.
A sister can be a hero.
Who is your hero?

Tristan's Orca Book
The orca is splashing in the water.
The orca is eating fish in his mouth.
The orca is jumping out of the water.
The orca is splashing the people.
The orca has a big fin.
The orca is spinning in the water.

Mom and Dad
Mom and Dad
Mom kisses the baby.
Mom hugs the boys.
Mom holds the girl.
The boy sits with Mom.
The girls and mom have fun.
The dad and girl play.
The boy and dad run.
The boy and dad walk in the snow.
The dad and boy fish.
The dad holds the baby.

My Gym Class
We have gym almost every day at school.
I like gym. I get lots of exercise.
Sometimes we play games. Sometimes we do gymnastics. We get to try lots of different sports.
Sometimes, I get frustrated when people cheat, or I don't think I got a turn.
When I get mad in gym, the teacher makes me sit out.
I feel sad because I get in trouble. I don't like getting in trouble.
I should take a deep breath and use my secret phrase so I can calm down.
Gym is the best when I stay calm.
The End

My Cars
The castle is big and the car is nice.
It looks like a fast car.
It looks like a brand new car.
How fast does this car go?
The orange car is parked underground.
How much will this man sell his car for?
This car is for sale.
These cars need fixing.
This is a racing car.

Jeremiah's Bus Book
This is a school bus.
The school bus is yellow.
The boy rides the bus.
The boy comes home on the bus.
This is the front of the bus.
This is the back of the bus.
The bus stops.
The bus waits.
The bus parks.
A bus has many seats.
The bus is funny!
The bus is green and white.
The bus is orange and blue.
Count the buses.

Playing Hockey
Go, Red Wings, go!!
My teacher likes the Boston Bruins.
I like the L.A. Kings.
Those hockey cupcakes will taste good!
My uncle likes the Ottawa Senators.
The goalie is making a good save.
My friend likes the Calgary Flames!
The goalie looks cool.
The End

I Like to Count My Toes
I like to count my toes.
Here is one toe. One!
Here are two toes. One, two!
Here are three toes. One, two, three!
Here are four toes. One, two, three, four!
And here are five toes. One, two, three, four, five!
I like to count my toes.

Exotic Animals
I love parrots.
These butterflies are pink.
Turtles have shells.
Giraffes have spots.
The lizard is brown.
Tucan bird has a big beak.
Gorillas hang from trees.
Some parrots are blue.

Gabriella's Rainbow Book
Rainbow colors are on the floor.
The rainbow is high in the sky.
The rainbow is over the ocean.
The rainbow is over the lake.
The rainbow is over the field.
Rainbows are on tights.
Here is a pattern of rainbows.
Rainbows are pretty.

Brad's Book About Venus
Venus is a planet.
This is a picture of Venus in the sky.
This is Venus at sunset.
Here is Venus under the moon.
You can see Venus from the country.
You can see Venus from the city.
Venus looks small next to the moon.
You can look through a telescope at Venus.
Venus is also the name of a Roman goddess.
Venus is also the name of a plant.

Birds
Birds
A humming bird is my favorite.
Two little birds sitting on a tree next to each other.
Birds like to huddle when they sleep.
This is one of my favorite birds. It is called an eagle.
This is my second favorite bird. It is called a parrot.
This is my third favorite bird. It is called a robin.
This is my fifth favorite bird. It is called a swan.
The End

Solar System
Milky Way Galaxy.
Phases of the moon.
A total eclipse.
Planets in outer space.
Astronauts on the moon.
Planets and the Sun.
A space station.
Four planets.
A beautiful sun with rays.
Earth showing Africa.
I love the Solar System.

Dinosaurs
Dinosaurs
My favorite dinosaur has a club tail.
My favorite dinosaur has spikes on its back.
My favorite dinosaur has a long neck.
My favorite dinosaur looks like a lizard.
My favorite dinosaur has a long tail.
My favorite dinosaur has sharp teeth.
My favorite dinosaur ate plants.
My favorite dinosaur has a big head.
My favorite dinosaur has a pointy head.
My favorite dinosaur has a horn on its head.
My favorite dinosaur looks like an alligator.
My favorite dinosaur eats meat.
Do you have a favorite dinosaur?

Hot Summer Days
Hot Summer Days
In the summer, it is very hot outside.
Many families go to lakes and rivers to swim.
It is fun to eat ice cream on a hot day.
Children like to splash and play at water parks.
They also love to run through the sprinkler on hot summer days.
My friends and I like to play  in the garden hose. The water is cold.
I like to go to the beach and search for seashells.
Children love to go to the park and play on the swings.
My friends and I bike around the block.
I love going to my friend's house and swimming in her pool.
What do you like to do during hot summer days?

How Does Your Garden Grow?
Orchid, oh orchid. Red, white and blue, sure looks pretty on you.
Tulip,
oh tulip. Your seeds are mint julip.
A rose
is still a rose, I suppose. Who knows!
Sunflower...
what a mellow fellow. How yellow.
Daisy
was lazy in the fields. How crazy!
Pansy,
must be nice, to be so dandy.

Count in Colors
I see ONE red hat.
I see TWO gray cats.
I see THREE green leaf clovers.
I see FOUR yellow flowers.
I see FIVE blue berries.
I see SIX black birds.
I see SEVEN brown ducklings.
I see EIGHT silver coins.
I see NINE white ghosts.
I see TEN pink flamingos.

Body Parts Around Us
This baby has blue eyes.
This cow has a big nose.
This lady has pink lips.
This man has big hands.
This lady has pretty toes.
We all have body parts.

Places I Walk at School
Places I Walk at School
I walk to my classroom.
I walk to the library.
I walk to the lunchroom.
I walk to the gym.
I walk to the playground.
I walk to the school bus.
I can walk everywhere in my school.

ARMS
Arms can move in many ways.
Arms can raise.
Arms can hold.
Arms can bend.
Arms can hug.
Arms can hang down.
Arms can stretch.
Arms can hold a friend.
Using our arms is fun!

Shapes Around Us
I see a heart.
I see a circle.
I see squares.
I see stars.
I see triangles.
I see shapes all around me.

A Journey in Time
Black people were treated differently.
They went to their own schools.
They made friends with people like them.
They had their own colleges.
Now everyone goes to school, has different friends and goes to colleges together.
We have a new president. He is changing the way we see ourselves.

Things I See in Spring
I see one pretty flower.
I see two soft kittens.
I see three speckled eggs.
I see four fuzzy caterpillars.
I see five hungry birds.
These are things I see in the spring.

Occupations
Who is in your neighborhood?
A firefighter fights fires.
A mailman delivers the mail.
A policeman protects us.
A garbageman helps clean up the street.
A pilot flies a plane.
A teacher helps us to learn.
Who else is in your neighborhood?

I Love DAWGS
I love dogs that run.
Dogs that run are lots of fun.
Dogs are man's best friend.
Dogs have a need for speed.
I love dogs that lead.
How 'bout them DAWGS!

I Like to Smell Different Things
I use my nose to smell different things.
Strawberries smell sweet.
Flowers smell fresh.
Cabbage smells yucky.
Feet smell stinky.
But, cookies smell yummy.
I like to smell different things.

Shapes
Shapes are everywhere.
A circle is outside.
Hearts are on the candle.
Squares are on the building.
Triangles are on money.
Where can you find shapes?

Animal Babies
Animal babies are everywhere.
A baby elephant with his mother.
A tiger cub in the sun.
A baby antelope and its mother.
A baby deer learns to walk.
A baby zebra drinks from his mother.
A lion cub sits with his mom.
Baby ducks on the railroad tracks--watch out!
A tiny baby bunny is so cute!
A baby monkey watching you!
Baby birds are hungry!
Puppies are babies, too!
Watch out, you never know when you will see an animal baby!

How to Have Friends
There are rules to having friends.
We do not hit our friends.
When we see friends, we shake their hand.
Sometimes, we can even hug them.
We should not spit on our friends.
Our friends think that is gross.
We keep our hands out of our mouth.
Our friends like dry hands to play with!
It is good to share with friends.
Having friends is nice.

The Community
I like to go into the community.
I see many different people.
I see a mailman delivering the mail.
I see a doctor helping someone feel better.
I see a teacher teaching students.
I see a policeman protecting people.
I like to go into the community.

What's the Weather?
It is sunny outside.
It is cloudy outside.
It is raining outside.
It is snowing outside.
It is windy outside.
What is the weather today?

I Love Monster Trucks
I love monster trucks!
They are loud!
They have big tires.
They have lights.
They are strange!
I want to drive a monster truck.

Bugs
One little bug sitting all alone.
Two bugs eating. Yummy, yum, yum!
Three bugs balancing, working as a team.
This one bug sure looks mean!
12 bugs watching, waiting to go home.
One bug looks like two, sitting on his own.
Tiny orange bugs, too many to count...
Lots of colors all together, hanging out!

Red
Red, Red, Red.
Strawberries are red.
Trees can be red in the fall.
Red, Red, Red.
A red door.
Red lips.
Red, Red, Red.
Red hot chili peppers.
A red bus.
Red shoes in the grass.
Red, Red, Red.
Red flowers by the water.
A red flower by itself.
Red, Red, Red.
Red candy...yum!
Stinky, red fish.
Red, Red, Red.
A red bird. Watch out, he bites!
A red heart stands for love!
Red, Red, Red.
Red tomatoes.
Raspberries can be red, too!
Red, Red, Red.
A red frog can be scary!
Red buttons, so pretty!
A friendly, red lady bug brings good luck!

I Am
I Am
I am eating.
I am playing.
I am drinking.
I am sitting.
I am playing playdough.
I am sliding.

Owl Pellets
Owl pellets are really neat.
They are pretty small.
There's lots of bones.
This is a jaw.

Vatican City
This is a book about Vatican City.
Vatican City is the smallest state in the world.
The Pope resides at the Vatican.
The size of Vatican City is just a little larger than the National Mall in Washington D.C.
The population of Vatican City is less than 1,000.
Since Vatican City is so small, the crime rate is much higher than Italy.
Approximately 90% of crime cases remain unsolved.
Transportation and communication are well developed.
Vatican City has no major roadways. There are just streets and byways.
Currency in Vatican City is Vatican Lira/Italian Lira.
People of Vatican City speak Latin, Italian, French and English.
The Sistine Chapel is a favorite tourist stop in Vatican City.
St. Peter's Basilica is located in Vatican City.
A trip to Rome wouldn't be complete without a trip to Vatican City.

Mars is the Best
Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun and the seventh largest planet.
Mars has been known since prehistoric times.
Mars is the Roman god of wars. The planet probably got its name due to the Roman god of agriculture.
Mars can be easily seen from Earth without a telescope.
Mars has two moons,Phobos and Deimos, which are small in size and not shaped perfectly like our moon.
Mars has been considered the most realistic location for life in the solar system.
Scientists sent cameras, satellites, and robots to Mars to collect information and take pictures.
Mars is behind the Earth in the solar system.
Early in history, Mars was just like Earth.
Mars once had water like the Earth.
They are still studying Mars.

Angry
Sometimes at school, I feel super angry.
Sometimes at recess, people make me mad. They bug me or my friends.
Sometimes, I cry.
But sometimes, I get super mad and feel like exploding.
Sometimes, I explode inside of me and sometimes I explode outside of me.
When you feel angry, you should let it out.
When I feel angry, I have to decide what I am going to do about it.
I could choose to use hands on and have a fight.
Hands on is not a good choice because everyone gets in trouble.
It is a good choice when we feel like we are starting to get mad to think it over.
We can use helpful words.
We can walk away.
No one wins when we errupt.
We all need to have a calming sequence.
Some people think about their breathing.
They slow down.
Some people think about something funny.
Some people think about their pets.
If you can let your anger out in a good way, everyone will be happy.
THE END

Leonardo Da Vinci
This is a story about Leonardo Da Vinci.
Da Vinci is often referred to as the inventor of genius!
He was an architect,
musician,
scientist,
mathematician,
and an artist.
His most famous work is the painting of the Mona Lisa.
Although born in Italy, Leonardo Da Vinci died in France in 1519.
Da Vinci's genius lives on in his ideas and works.

Many Colored Balls
Blue ball
White ball
Orange ball
Red ball
Yellow ball
Purple ball
Silver ball
Rainbow colored balls

What Dogs Like
Dogs like snow.
Dogs like water.
Dogs like Christmas.
Dogs like toys.
Dogs like to shake a paw.
Dogs like to run and play.

Dragons
Dragons
Some dragons breathe fire.
Some dragons fly.
Dragons are in parades.

Lego People
I like Lego people.
Lego people are cool.
Lego people wear different clothes.
Lego people can break.
There are lots of different Lego people.

Wheelchair Gardening
Wheelchair Gardening
Gardens come in all sizes and shapes.
Some gardens are small and simple.
Some gardens are huge and fancy.
Some people plant gardens in pots.
Some gardens are in boxes on the ground.
We use wheeelchairs, so we will build a wheelchair garden.
A wheelchair garden is a wooden box that is high enough to reach from a wheelchair.
We will need wood and soil.
We buy the wood and take it to the woodworker.
The 
woodworker cuts the wood into the right lengths.
Boxes have four sides. We will need four pieces of wood.
We can make the garden box with a screwdriver and screws.
We could use a power drill and screws.
We could build the box with a hammer and nails.
When the box is finished, we will fill it with soil.
We can plant seeds.
We can transplant little seedlings.
With lots of water and sunlight, the plants will grow.
We will have a bountiful garden.

Snowboards
These are good snowboards.
He is a very good boarder.
The guy in this picture got some big air.
In this picture, it looks like a good place to snowboard.
He is having fun in the halfpipe.
THE END

Nice Cars
This hot car is fast.
This is an old, nice car.
This is a Lowrider.
These are new cars in Saskatoon.
This is a new Lamborghini.
This is a  nice ride.
But this is a very nice car.
This is a Model T.
This pink car is for girls.
This is a striped car.

Going to the Dentist: Smile
Look at her pretty smile.
To keep a smile healthy, we need to go to the dentist.
First, you need to make an appointment.
Remember to put it on your calendar.
When you arrive, you check in with the receptionist.
Then you'll wait in a room called the waiting room.
When it is your turn, you get to sit in a special chair.
There are different things on the chair to hold the tools the dentist and hygienist will use.
They are long and small so they fit in your mouth.
You'll sit back in the chair,
so the dentist can look at your teeth.
The dentist or hygienist will use the tools to check your teeth.
They will put the tools in your mouth.
Sometimes, they use this sucky machine that sucks the spit out of your mouth.
They might take a picture of your teeth called an x-ray.
See the silver? The dentist had to take out the cavities and fill them with the silver.
It's nice when the dentist says there are no cavities.
I can have healthy teeth by brushing them,
and by flossing them.
So, take care of your teeth and SMILE!

Yogi and Boo Boo
Once upon a time, there were two bears named Yogi and Boo Boo.
Boo Boo was a cute, little bear that liked to teach PE.
Yogi was the big, silly bear that loved politics.
Both loved football.
Here they are with all their friends.
They both loved to goof around.
Yogi loved to sing.
Boo Boo just thinks he is a tough guy.
Here are their students.
This is the end of the line. My friends Yogi and Boo Boo are very cool.

About Obama
Mr. Obama is going to the White House.
He is the president.
He takes care of the United States of America.
His family voted to bring a dog home.

Seals
Seals live in the ocean.
This seal is grey.
This seal is on the beach.
This seal is yawning.
This seal has spots.
This seal is swimming on its back.
This seal is looking around.
This seal is in the zoo.
This seal is all alone.
This seal is sleeping.

Dolphins in the Sea
Dolphins live in the ocean.
They like to play and jump up out of the water.
Dolphins like to flip and roll.
Dolphins are happy.
They look like they are laughing!
This dolphin is asking for food.  They eat fish.
Some dolphins are in shows.
People clap for them when the show is over.

Cupcake Special
Look at this spectacular cupcake.
Look at this rich cake.
Look at the colours.
These are chocolate 
cupcakes.
There are different colours.
These have small amounts of lollies.
These have the most smarties.
This is chocolate swirl.
Look at the different shapes.
This is my house, not.
Look at all these cupcakes.

A Polar Bear Day
A Polar Bear Day
Swimming
Playing with family.
Dancing
Goofing around.
A snooze before going home.
It's my turn to drive home.

Wild Horses
A herd of horses.
A line of wild horses.
Wild horses running.
Wild horses running in circles.
A wild horse drinking water.
The End

The Letter X
This is the letter x.
X-ray starts with the letter x.
Xylophone starts with the letter x.
Some words end in x, like fox.
Box ends in the letter x.
This is a fox in a box.
Ox ends in the letter x.
Ax ends in the letter x.
The number six ends in the letter x.
Some words have x in the middle, like explode.
Extra cute has an x in the middle.
An extreme handful has an x in the middle.
It is hard to write a book about the letter x.

Families
There are all kinds of families.
Some families only have a Mom.
Some families have a Mom and a Dad.
Some families only have a Dad.
Families love each other and take care of each other.
In my everyday family, I have a Grandma, a brother and a sister.
My Grandma gives me a home and loves me.
Some kids don't have families. I am glad I have a family.
Even if families fight, they still love each other.
Sometimes, I wish my Mom and Dad lived with me.
It's okay to be sad or angry.
It hurts sometimes when my friends talk about their families or trips they go on.
But then I remember how proud I am and lucky to have a family to love.
All families are different but mine is just right for me.

I Like Hair Pins
I like hair pins.
Black hair pins.
Red hair pins.
Sparkly hair pins.
Every color of hair pins.
I like it when you wear hair pins.
But I CANNOT touch them.
I can tell you that I like them.
But I CANNOT touch them.
Maybe I can wear some.
But I have to wait until Halloween!

All Kinds of Weather
This is the weather.
Some days are rainy.
Some days are cloudy.
Some days are foggy.
Some days are snowy.
Some days are windy.
Some days are cold.
Some days are hot.

FRIENDS
Friends!
Friends can be silly together.
Friends share quiet times together.
Friends sometimes fight.
Friends sit together.
Friends talk to each other.
Friends watch TV together.
Friends play together.
Friends sometimes hold hands.
Friends give Valentines.
Friends have fun together.
Friends go places together.
Friends work together.
Some friends are young.
Some friends are older.
Some friends are little.
Some friends are big.
Some friends are furry.
Some friends have feathers.
Friends are fun!

Mardi Gras
Mardi Gras is celebrated in many cities around the world.
It is a 3 day party of...
music,
dancing,
decorating,
dressing up in silly costumes,
marching
and eating.
During Mardi Gras,people wear beautiful masks,
and creative costumes.
Beads are very popular during the festivities,
and are also used as decorations.
Beautiful floats stroll down the streets,
and on them, the King and Queen of Mardi Gras!

Making Popcorn
Popcorn
Corn
Kernel
Cook
Popcorn
Eat!

Brush Our Teeth
Everyone has teeth.
This is a toothbrush with paste.
This is how we brush our teeth,
and brush our teeth until...
we have a nice healthy smile!
Sweets are not good for teeth.
Veggies are good for our teeth.
Dentist help our teeth stay healthy.
Show your smile!

Mario Brothers
Mario Brothers is fun.
I play it on my Nintendo Wii. It's kinda hard to play on the Wii.
I'm used to playing it on the Nintendo DS. It's easier.
On DS, the buttons are easier. The Wii is harder because you have to move your whole body to use the controller.
The game is about racing.
You have to wait for the light to turn green. If you don't wait, you will spin out.
If you spin out, the others will pass you. You will lose the race.
When you wait to go on green, the race starts.
You have to get boxes while you drive. They give you power.
One box gives your car power to jump.
Another one makes the other racers small.
One box makes your car go really fast!
The race is on a dirt road.
You do 3 laps on the course. If you are first, you win the race!

Sun and Seasons
Spring sun,
makes leaves grow.
Summer sun,
keeps leaves green.
Fall sun,
turns leaves different colors.
Winter sun,
the leaves are now gone.

When to call 9-1-1
What is 9-1-1?
9-1-1 is the number you call if there is an emergency.
What do you tell them?
You tell them your name, address, and the emergency.
What is an emergency a policeman can help you with?
An example is when someone is not  conscious. They won't wake up. We can call 9-1-1.
If there is a car accident, we can call 9-1-1.
If someone is choking, we can call 9-1-1.
If someone is drowning we can call 9-1-1.
If there is a fire, we can call 9-1-1.
When we call 9-1-1, someone will come to help us.
The police, the firemen, or the ambulance will come to help us.
When should you not call 9-1-1?
We should not call 9-1-1 when there is no emergency.
We do not call 9-1-1 for animals, as a joke, or to practice.
Only call 9-1-1 when you have a real emergency, and they will come to help you.

Cool Cookies
I like chocolate chip cookies.
Cookie monster has a jar full of cookies.
Cookie monster ate all the cookies.
Cookie monster made some more cookies.
The heart cookies have M&M's on them.

Snowboarding
Jumping high is so much fun.
The powder is just right.
Awesome!!
So many choices!
The end.

Nocturnal Animals
Nocturnal animals are active at night. During the day, these animals sleep or keep away from the sun.
It is not until the sun goes down, that these animals begin to move about for water and to hunt for food.
To help them see at night, many nocturnal animals have very large eyes.
They also have very good hearing and a strong sense of smell. This helps them find their way in the dark.
Some Australian nocturnal animals include bats, possums, bilbies, owls, quolls, wombats and sugar gliders.
The hot climate in some parts of Australia may be a reason for these animals being nocturnal.
The darkness also provides many animals with protection from their enemies.

Our B Book
B
B is for baby.
B is for bear.
B is for bell.
B is for broom.
B is for bubble.
B is for building.
B is for bottle.
B is for Butterfinger.
B is for baskets.
B is for building blocks.
B is for balloon.
B is for birds.
B is for bench.
B is for butterfly.
B is for Burger King.
B b

Unique Australian Foods
Australia has some of its own Aussie food. Lamingtons, damper, ANZAC Biscuits and Vegemite are examples.
Lamingtons are made of a piece of sponge cake covered in chocolate and (to avoid messy fingers) rolled in coconut.
Damper is bread made from flour, salt and water and can be cooked on a campfire.
ANZAC biscuits are made from oats, flour and golden syrup.
Vegemite is unique to Australia. It is made from Brewer's yeast and other ingredients.

Puppy Play
This is a book about our best and loyal friends.
This friend looks like an adorable hamster.
This one looks like a mouse.
Some can fit in the palm of your hand!
Some can be very lazy, and some...
are hyper and fun!
Do not drink that!
The puppy thanks you.
Puppies ponder what their next plan for fun is going to be...
like this!
Puppies love their food!
Puppies can make a big mess!
Some puppies love each other.
Some are tiny and puffy.
Some can seem a bit confused.
Some are part of a spy corporation.
At the spy academy,  they learn how to run,
duck,
look cute,
and cover.
Some are the itchy type.
Some are the strong, silent type.
Some live in the past.
Some are on the hunt.
Others like to spy from the plants.
Some like baths.
Some hog couches.
Some sit down to dinner with the family.
Some keep their eye a bit too close to their puppies.
Some lick the bowl clean when they're done eating.
Some don't let you leave the house.
Some need a little help to get around.
Some like the city.
Some like their chair.
Some like their treats colored.
Some like bones.
Some like space.
Some don't mind.
Some like hugs.
Some like kisses.
Some like grass and flowers.
Some like the road.
Some like it high.
Some like it low.
Some like the dark.
Most like the light because it means...
PLAY TIME!!
Then it's nap time.
Then they wake up and do it all over again.
Even though they may look different...
all puppies are the same inside. You should go out and make your puppy happy. Go NOW!

All About Kites
Kites come in many colors.
Do you want to fly a kite?
First, choose a colorful kite.
Next, get a spool of string.
Hold it up high to catch the wind.
Finally, pull up to send it flying!
Some kites have different shapes.
This one looks like a dragon.
What do these kites look like?
Would you like to fly a penguin kite?
How about a whale kite?
Flying kites is fun!

Robins
This is a robin.
They are very common.
They have wings.
They can fly.
They eat worms.

The Three Little Dogs
Once upon a time, there were three little dogs.
One dog was called Spot, and he was very small.
He lived in a small house made of gingerbread.
The second dog was called Santa because he always wore a red cape.
He lived in a house made of glass and full of flowers.
The third dog was called Speedy because he was always running fast.
He lived in a house made of snow.
One day a cat called Hiss decided to catch a dog for his supper.
He went to the house of gingerbread and pushed it down.
Spot ran away as fast as he could to Santa's house of glass.
Hiss went to the house of glass and pushed it down.
Spot and Santa ran away as fast as they could to Speedy's house of snow.
Hiss went to the house of snow and pushed it down.
Spot, Santa and Speedy ran away as fast as they could.
They found their friend, Husk, and told him about Hiss.
Husk and his friends ran after Hiss.
When they caught him, they made him promise to leave dogs alone from now on.

Scrabble Rules!
Scrabble is fun!
Hi! Do you want to play Scrabble?
Scrabble tiles have letters on them.
Common letters are on more tiles.
Each letter is worth points.
The tiles are in a bag--no peeking!
Arrange your seven tiles on a rack.
Make a word with your tiles and put it on the board.
The words all cross each other and share letters.
You can play Scrabble anywhere.
Scrabble helps you learn spelling and new words.
You can decorate with a Scrabble word.
You can play Scrabble on a computer.
Someone made a large Scrabble set!
You can play Scrabble with friends.
Cats do not play Scrabble.

Hansel and Gretel
There once were two children and a squirrel.
The children go to the market for bread and cream.
Mr. squirrel stopped for some lunch.
The children saw a deck path.
The children see the big candy home.
The children ate all the sweets they could.
The two children and the squirrel got fatter, and fatter, and fatter.
The children had to roll all around.
The bad witch put them in cages.
The witch got so mad.
She charged up.
She used her powers.
The children dodged the witch's spell.
The children kick the witch into the place.
The children looked surprised.
The children ran as fast as they could.
The children got home.
THE END

What's in the Sky?
What's in the sky?
There are galaxies like our Milky Way that have...
a medium star,
planets,
moons,
constellations,
nebulas,
supernovas,
and black holes.
Astronauts and satellites are in space.
We can study the sky...
from planetariums on Earth.
Look in the sky because you can see many different things.

Best Friends
Dogs are great pets.
They need love and care from people.
They need time to play.
They also need time to run.
They like to meet other dogs.
They love people too.
Dogs can help people too. Can you think of any way that they can help people?
Dogs are compassionate.
Sometimes they need help too.
They depend on people for food and water.
They need affection and love.
They need people who care about them.

Cowboys
Cowboys standing in town.
Cowboys riding on horses.
Little kid on a donkey.
Cowboys riding after bad guys.
Cowboys waiting for the sheriff.
The Sheriff arrives with his friends.
Cowboy roping a cow.
Cowboy tying up the cow.
Cowboy branding the cow.
Cowboys lined up.
Two cowboy boots.
Two cowboys after the enemy.
Cowboy jumping with a horse.

Horse Breeds and Markings
There are lots of different breeds and markings on a horse.
This horse is an Appaloosa.
On both of these horses, I see a star and a snip.
All of these horses are Paints.
This horse has a blaze.
These are miniature horses.
This horse has a wall eye.
This is a baby Shetland.
This horse has a star.

Months
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

I Like Computers
I like computers.
I like my new mouse.
I like to check the weather.
I like the news.
I like sports.
I like to write stories.
I like to play computer games when I am finished with my work.
Sometimes I just like to have a cat nap.

Cars, Cars, Cars
One white car.
Two black cars.
Three yellow cars.
Four red cars.
Five pink cars.
Six blue and yellow cars.

Polar Bear Fun
A polar bear's day...
swimming,
playing with family,
dancing,
goofing around,
a snooze before going home.
It's my turn to drive home.

Boy It's Cold Out There!
What can we do when it's so cold?
Slide down some snow banks.
Build a snowman with dad.
You could watch a dog sled race.
Strap on your skates....
and strike out on a lake.
Ride to the top of a mountain.
Then snowboard down.
You could even try skiing.
It's more fun with a friend.
Mostly, it's just fun to play outside with friends.
Don't forget to stay warm.
And never stick your tongue to a metal pole.
The End

Friends
We are friends!
Animal friends.
Funny friends.
Shaggy friends.
Sweet friends.
Many friends.
Close friends.
Happy friends.
Loyal friends.
Together friends.
Relaxing friends.
Loveable friends.
Wrestling friends.
Caring friends.
Helpful friends.
Playful friends.
Close friends.
Grouchy friends.
Holiday friends.
Working friends.
Good friends.
Always friends!

Swimming
It would be fun to swim with dolphins.
It would even be fun to swim with a giant sea turtle...
But not with sharks...
or polar bears...
or electric eels!
Best of all is swimming with FRIENDS.

Tea for Two
Tea for two,
or tea for one.
Having tea is so much fun.
A sweet treat to share with the friends you meet.
Have a sip, a cup or two...
but have a cup of tea, one for me and one for you.

Fruit
This is an apple.
This is a peach.
This is a banana.
This is a strawberry.
This is a cherry.
I can eat fruit.

My Family
This is my grandma and my grandpa.
My mom and dad love our two dogs.
Grandpa and dad like to chat.
Grandma and mom love to cook.
I love to play outside.
Mom is reading to my baby brother.
This is my baby kitten. Her name is Star.
My family likes to go on picnics.
We have a new baby pony.
And this is me.

Counting Puppies
One sleeping puppy.
Two puppies wearing sunglasses.
Three white puppies.
Four puppies up high.
Five white puppies in a line.
Draw six puppies.
Seven puppy tails. Count them.
Eight cute puppies.
Nine black and white puppies.
Ten tan puppies on the stairs.
I love my puppy!
The End.

Animal Sounds
"Baaa," says the sheep,
from the frog a wee peep.
The otter so quiet,
but Oscar's a riot!
"Meow," says the kitten.
The dog will bark oh so loud.
Little Miss Mallard will quack so proud.

Learning About Dogs
New born puppies are very small.
Tiny puppies grow into dogs of many different sizes, colors, and shapes.
Some dogs have big, wide noses.
Other dogs have long, narrow noses.
Some dogs go to a groomer to have their hair cut and shaved to look pretty.
Certain breeds of dogs have long, thick hair to keep them warm.
Puppies love to play and will chew on your stinky socks!
Fresh air and exercise is very important for dogs.
You can teach your dog to play catch with you.
Or maybe even teach him to balance a ball on his nose!
If your dog is really smart, he might be able to sit on your bike.
Some dogs are great swimmers.
A car ride can be exciting for some dogs.
All puppies and dogs need their rest and relaxation. Sweet dreams!!

The Beach
I see the beach.
I see waves.
I see the sun.
I see seashells.
I see toys.
I see people swimming.
I see beach umbrellas.
I like the beach!

Counting
One
Two
Three
Four

Babies on a Farm
Babies on the Farm
A baby sheep is called a lamb.
A baby cow is called a calf.
A baby cat is called a kitten.
A baby horse is called a foal.
A baby pig is called a piglet.
A baby chicken is called a chick.
A baby dog is called a puppy.

What Color Am I?
What Color Am I?
The grass is green.
The water is blue.
The fish is yellow.
The cat is orange.
The flower is purple.
The apple is red.
The clouds are white.
The balloon is pink.
The cows are brown.
The shoes are black.

Tornado
A tornado is a spinning column of air.
Tornadoes are formed during thunderstorms.
These thunderstorms have heavy rain.
There is usually lightning and hail.
Hail is rain that is turned into ice.
Some tornadoes are very large.
Tornadoes can cause damage.
The weather forecast can tell us when to expect a tornado.
It is fun to learn about weather in school.

Cars
New car
Old car
Fast car
Slow car
Big van
Little van
Let's race!
Ready, Set, Go!
Lots of cars
Lots of tires
Crash!
Bang!
Boom!
The End

Pizza
Mom makes pizza.
I make pizza.
I sit at the table.
I use a plate.
I eat cheese pizza.

Animals
I see animals.
I see a cat.
I see a dog.
I see a horse.
I see a cow.
I see a bunny.
I see animals.

Sisters
I have many sisters, four to be exact.
We love to spend time together.
We always have so much fun.
We have so many things in common.
We are also very different in many ways.
We come in all shapes and sizes.
We all have different interests.
But one thing I know for certain is that I love them all.
I hope we can be friends until we are old.

Fruit
Fruit is a healthy food choice.
Grapefruit is good.
Apples are good.
Cherries are good.
Grapes are good.
Nectarines are good.
Strawberries are good.
Limes are good.
Pomegranate is good.
Pears are good.
Fruit is colorful.
Some berries are black and some are red.
Kiwifruit is green.
Grapefruit is pink.
Fruit is good on waffles.
Eating fruit makes me happy.
Eating fruit is good for my heart.

2 Together
Having a friend means...
you are not alone.
Big brothers are friends.
Adventure with a friend is twice as much fun!
Friends from morning until night.

Cooking is Fun
I make pancakes for breakfast.
Bread is good for breakfast too.  You can make toast.
Eggs are good for you.
You can bake with eggs.
Do you like noodles?
Hotdogs are great for a picnic.
Cupcakes are fun for a birthday party.
Cookies are a special treat.

My Pets
This dog is white.
This dog is black.
Here is a white and black cat.
My eyes are blue.
I have green eyes.
Look at my eyes. I have gray eyes.
I see two cats.
The two cats are looking at the sun.
This cat is mad.
She is not happy.
I am running on the grass.
I am running in the air.

Free Time
I can play puzzles.
I can play trucks.
I can play blocks.
I can read books.
I can use playdough.
I can colour.
I can play trains.

Recess Fun
Recess Fun
Swinging
Rings
Playing in the sand
Climbing
Sliding

Emily Rides the Bus
Emily rides the bus.
She watches and waits for her friends.
Ben and Sara enter the bus single file.
These friends are having a fun time on the bus.
Thank you for riding the bus with Emily.

A Dog's Life
When I was first born, I was very small. I could sit in my owner's hand.
I tried very hard to sit up all by myself.
I liked rolling around on my favorite blanket.
As I grew, I really liked to play with my mom.
One of the other things I liked to do was play with the cat.
When I was all grown up, I was just as big as my mom.

Recess
I like recess.
It is a time to play.
I can play by myself.
I can play with my friends.
I can play on the gym set.
I have fun.
I like recess.

Wrestling
Omer likes to wrestle.
Omer can see wrestling on T.V.
He likes to see the winner.
Omer likes the moves.

Just Jupiter
Jupiter is bigger than all the other planets combined.
Jupiter has a thin set of rings, hardly visible, even with telescopes.
The rings are just like Saturn's and Uranus'.
Around Jupiter, 16 moons have been identified.
A full day is 10 hours on Jupiter.
1 year on Jupiter is 12 Earth years.
It takes 12 years to orbit the sun.
Jupiter has very hot heat from the inside of the planet.
The diameter around the plant is 85,788 miles.
Approximately 466 million miles cover the plant.

My Favourite Fruits
I like to eat sweet strawberries.
Blueberries are delicious.
Kiwis can be sour, but I love sour foods.
Bananas are full of potassium.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Watermelons are 90% water!
Pineapples are golden and sweet.
Fruits are very healthy for you, and they taste great!

Silly Putty
Silly Putty
I like silly putty.
Silly putty is cool.
I can make lots of things with silly putty.
THE END

Colourful Trains
Trains are blue.
Trains are yellow.
Trains are blue and yellow.
Trains are red.
Trains are silver.
Trains are silver with red stripes.
Trains are sliver with green stripes.
Trains are black.
Trains are green.
Trains are orange.
Trains are brown with yellow stripes.
Trains are brown with orange stripes.
Trains are many colours.

I Love Music
I love music. There are many different kinds of music.
Have you ever been to the symphony?
How about a rock and roll concert?
Are you into jazz or blues?
What about folk or cultural music?
Have you ever joined a choir?
Don't forget about country!
Music makes the world go 'round.

Guess What l Like
I like blocks.
I like balls.
I like bunnies.
I like dolls.
I like puppies.
I like cake.
I like my teacher!

Just Marbles
Marbles are fun.
Throw some of your marbles in some water just for fun.
Wow, look at all these marbles.
Blue, blue, blue.
Put them in a jar.
Put them in a basket.
Can you count all these?
You can put them in a line.
Let's play a game.
See what you can do with a couple missing bricks.
Hold them up to the sun.
I want some too.
You can collect them.
You can buy all colors.
Don't try this at home.
They make a pretty picture.

Colors
Red
Orange
Yellow
Green
Blue
Purple
Black
Brown
Rainbow

Visiting a Farm
We are driving to the farm.
The farmers are waiting to meet us.
Some animals sleep in the barn.
The farm has a tractor.
There is an old car on the farm.
The field has a lot plants.
Bales of hay are sitting in the field.
The vegetables are ready to eat.
The horses are playing.
Some cattle are grazing.
The baby chicks are very cute.
A rooster wakes everyone up in the morning.
On the farm, they have dogs.
They also have cats.
There are many animals on the farm.
This farm has goats and lambs,
a peacock,
cows,
pigs
and a bull.

Home Time
It is home time.
At 3:20, it is time to get ready.
The cab will be here to get me.
I need to get my coat on.
I need to get my shoes on.
I need to say good bye.

Jellybeans
There are many colors of jellybeans.
There are yellow jellybeans.
There are blue jellybeans.
There are purple jellybeans.
There are green jellybeans.
There are black jellybeans.
There are red jellybeans.
There are pink jellybeans.
There are green jellybeans.
But all the jellybeans taste great!

My Favorite Pet
Hey guys, do you want to have some fun?
I don't want you to kiss me.
Wow, does that ever look cool!
I just love relaxing with my brother.
That was a great day. I'm exhausted!

Soccer
Girls play soccer.
Boys play soccer too.
Even dogs like soccer!
This is a soccer ball.
Soccer is played with your feet.
Eleven people are on the pitch for each team.
Soccer fans are loud.
Soccer fans are crazy.
We love soccer.

Shane's Collection of Monopoly Games
This is a Monopoly game. Shane would like to add to his collection.
Shane needs to save his money!
This Monopoly is called America's Parks.
Shane has this one in his collection.
This is a fun one.
Here are McDonald Monopoly game pieces.
Here is Sponge Bob Monopoly.
Shane gets a new monopoly game as a gift.
Here is Lord of the Rings Monopoly.
Here is the Simpsons Monopoly.
Here is Marvel Monopoly.
Pixar movies are fun to watch.
There is even a Superman Monopoly game!
Here is the Family Guy Monopoly.

Color of Skates
White skates
Grey skates
Blue skates
Brown skates
Red and black skates
Orange skates
Old skates

Cats
I love cats.
I love orange cats, black cats and white cats.
Cats make me smile.
I love cats!

My Family, Friends, and Me
Iris Hernandez was born in Mexico in 1992. She moved to the USA to have a better life with her parents.
My cousin, Ana, and I went to Tommy's party.
"Peace to you," says Leslie and Iris.
My sister, Lidia, and I are celebrating our quinceanera.
We ate, danced, took pictures, and laughed.
My friends are having fun without me.
These are the members of the group.
My cousin, Alexa, and I are having fun at the party.
I have taught Sunday School for students four through seven years old.
By IRIS HERNANDEZ

California Gold Rush
The Gold rush changed California forever.
In 1848, workers found gold at Sutters Mill.
Word spread fast.
People got gold fever.
People came by the thousands.
They were called 49'ers because they left their homes in 1849.
A lot of men had to leave their families behind and promised to come back rich.
Not many families came because it was a long journey and hard work.
Some people traveled by land.
Some people traveled by ship.
People also came from other countries like China, Mexico, and Europe.
Prospectors set up mining camps.
The mining towns were wild and dangerous.
Some prospectors used a method called panning.
Some people used a Cradle.
Some people used a Long Tom.
Other people just used picks and shovels.
The first miners did find gold.
But soon the easy-to-find gold was gone.
By 1853, the rush was over.
So many people had come to Califonia that it was changed forever.
California was made into a state in 1850.

Sunsets
Evening
Pretty sky
Hot days
Down by the river
Fluffy
Jet stream
Over the hills
Mirror
Purple haze
Boats at sunset
Pretty star
Red dusk

Rosie's Dogs
Dog in swing
Having a rest
A puppy
Friends
Day out
Smiley
Splash
Cutie
Santa
Santa`s little helpers
Snow dog
Playing in the garden
Happy to see you

The First Moon Trip
The First Moon Trip
5,4,3,2,1 BLAST OFF!
Finally, I got to the moon. I was so excited.
Before I jumped out, I hurried to put on my spacesuit, helmet, microphone, oxygen supply, gloves and boots.
I jumped out of Apollo 11 with both feet.
Then I said, "One small step for man, and one giant leap for mankind."
Next, I took a ride on the moon buggy.
I took pictures, collected moon rocks and discovered the Sun looked like a big ball of fire from the moon's surface.
Before I left, I put up an American flag and made a sign that said, "We came in peace for all mankind."
I got back on Apollo 11 and prepared to leave.
The next morning, as we safely returned to Earth...
this is what the paper said!

Alayna's Book About Cats
The cat is funny because he likes his hat.
The cat is tan and cute.
The cats are climbing up the ladder.
The cat is yawning.
The cat is drinking water.
The cats are sitting outside.
The cat is walking on the sand.
The cat is white.  He is laying on the bed.
The cat is looking at the water.
The cat is looking at me.

Yellow
The sunflowers are yellow.
The goldfish is yellow.
The rose is yellow.
The bus is yellow.
The lemon is yellow.
The sun is yellow.
The boy's shirt is yellow.
The shoes are yellow.
The car is yellow.
And Sponge Bob is yellow. I like yellow!

Nemo's Cakes
Nemo is looking for his friend, Mrs. Seahorse and her babies.
Mrs. Seahorse was out for a walk with her babies.
Nemo wanted to share the cakes he made with all his friends.
Nemo made a cake of his favorite book, "Diary of a Spider".
Mrs. Seahorse and her babies enjoyed the cake.
The Blue Group Fish were swimming by.
Nemo wanted to share the cake with his Blue Group Fish friends.
Nemo shared the castle cake he made with the Blue Group Fish. They thought it was delicious.
Nemo went to look for Mr. Shark.
Nemo wanted to share his seashell cake.
Mr. Shark was happy that the cake was so tasty.
Nemo felt happy when he shared his cakes with his friends.

Dwight's Christmas Book
I like Christmas.
You get to put stuff on the tree.
I get to see the lights.
We can build a snowman and snow angels.
Santa comes to visit.
I get to see the snowflakes falling down.
We get to go skating, sledding and snow boarding.
There are lots of good things to eat!

My Adventure to the North Pole
One early afternoon, I ventured to the North Pole.
I went to see a polar bear that was trying to catch a fish.
Next, I barely saw a snow fox. It was running.
Last, I saw a snow owl. It was flying so high.

The Coolest Cheetahs
The cheetah is growling as loud as thunder.
The boy and girl cheetah are posing for the cameraman.
The cheetah is up high looking for food on the ground.
This cheetah is laying on the ground to get some rest because he ran too long.
The cheetah is on the table to lick off the left over food.
This cute cheetah is looking at the clouds shaped like elephants.
The cheetah is speeding for the animal because he is hungry.
All of the cheetahs are in a group to eat their lunch.
This cheetah is sleeping to get some rest from his adventures.

Kangaroos!
I like kangaroos!
Kangaroos like to hop...
or hang around with friends...
or carry Baby Roo in a pouch.
But sometimes...
they need some peace and quiet!
Goodnight, Kangaroos!

Sam's Bug Hunt
This is Sam. He likes bugs. Sam is going on a bug hunt. You can join him and see what he finds.
Sam found a bug with blue and yellow wings.
Sam found a that is red with black polka dots.
Sam found a bug that has a lot of legs.
Sam found a bug that has big red eyes.
Sam found a bug that is yellow with black polka dots.
Sam found an orange bug.
Sam found a bug with yellow and black stripes.
Sam found a bug with big eyes.
Sam found a black bug.
Last, before going home, Sam finds a bug that has made a web. Thank you for joining him on his bug hunt.

Let’s Explore Animal Kingdom!
Welcome to Disney’s Animal Kingdom. Are you ready to explore?
Let’s meet our animals. This is a tiger. He has beautiful hair.
There are elephants. They have long noses.
What animal is this?
Look at the giraffe. Her neck is so long.
We can also meet a gorilla. He is so big!
There are so many different kinds of animals and they live in wonderful nature.
We can also watch a parade show.
It looks so awesome and fantastic!
We can ride a boat, too. It looks fun!
What do you like to do? What animals would you like to see if you go? Let’s talk about it!

Uranus
Uranus was named after the Greek god of the sky. It was also discovered by William Herschel in 1781.
It does not have a rocky core like Jupiter and Saturn, but it takes about 84 years to orbit the sun.
Uranus has 15 moons.
Uranus had been observed on many occasions before its discovery as a planet, but it was generally mistaken for a star.
Uranus lays on its side and spins like a soccer ball.
Uranus atmosphere is about 83% hydrogen, 15% helium and 2% methane.
Uranus is the farthest planet that can be seen without a telescope.
Uranus is a greenish blue color.
Scientists doubt Uranus has any forms of life.
Uranus is 310 degrees below 0.
Scientists continue to research this planet.

Owls
Owls are cute.
This is what I look like when I think of owls.
Apparently, this is what an owl looks like when they think of me.
I wonder if owls can eat ice-cream. If so, I would totally share this and we could probably be best friends.
(The End)

The Sun
The Sun is the largest star in the solar system. The Sun is a yellow dwarf star.
The Sun is over 4.6 billion years old. The Sun is very hot and made of gas.
The Sun is the closest star to the Earth. The Sun is 93 miles away from Earth.
The Sun is bigger than half the small stars in the solar system. There are 10 billion stars in the solar system.
The temperature of the sun is 15.6 million kelvin.The mass is 1.989e30 kg.
The Sun's name is over three thousand years old. It got its name by the bright light.
The Sun may blow up, but it's slowly expanding.
This is my Sun book and thank you for reading.

That's a Fact
These are peanuts. That is a fact.
Peanut butter cups are good. That is Julian's opinion.
This is peanut butter and apples. That is a fact.
Peanut butter and jelly with milk is yummy. That is Julian's opinion.
This is a candy heart. That is a fact.
Candy hearts are better than cookies. That is Julian's opinion.

Shamu
I like Shamu.
I like splashing.
I like riding.
I like jumping.
I like hugging.
I like Sea World.

Mercury
Earth is 5 times bigger than Mercury.
Mercury is 36 million miles from the sun.
Mercury is the second smallest planet.
The core is 2235 miles in diameters.
Mercury has no moons.
Mercury's atmosphere is 52% oxigen,39% sodium,8% helium, and 1% potassium and other gasses.
Mercury is 4880km.
One rotation of Mercury takes 58.65 days.
Mercury orbits the sun in 88 days.
Mercury is a small and cold place and will probably never be visited.

How Many?
How many trees do you see?
How many birds can you find?
How many bells are in the window?
How many fingers are up?
How many points do I have?
How many people are on the couch?
How many balloons are on the string?
How many legs do I have?
How many shoes do you see?
How many flames are burning?

Shapes
Circle
Oval
Square
Rectangle
Triangle
Diamond
Pentagon
Hexagon
Octagon

Bedtime
The sun has set. The moon is out.
Now it is time for little boys and little girls to shut their tiny eyes and go to bed.
First, put away all your toys.
Now, let's take a bath!
Rubber ducky wants to play. What is next?
It is PJ time!
Brush your teeth so we can see your dazzling smile!
Let's pick out a book.
Goodnight, hedgehogs.
Goodnight, city.
Goodnight, kitten.
Goodnight, mom.
Goodnight, me.

Dachshunds!
Dachshunds...
They are lovable and sweet!
They are cuddly and playful!
They are stylish...
and fun!
They are special to me!
This guy is funny.
Dachshunds are friends to all!

My Trip to Pluto
Finally, after nine long years, I landed on the planet Pluto.
It was darker and colder on Pluto than it was on Earth.
I packed a large supply of food, drinks, blankets, clothes, spacesuits, and cameras.
I lived in my spaceship so that I would not freeze to death.
After I woke up, I went for a little walk around Pluto. I saw icy craters and big chunks of ice.
Then, I took a picture of the three moons: Charon, Nix and Hydra.
While on my walk, I took pictures of what was around me and took a video of me on Pluto.
I slept with five blankets to stay warm.
I ate waffles and milk for breakfast and then took a picture of the sun.
It was so far away that it looked like a little tiny star.
Before I left to go back to Earth, I put a USA flag on the place where I was.
On the way back, as I looked at Earth, I thought of going back to Pluto again some day.

Kittens
Kittens come in all shapes and sizes.
Some kittens have spots.
Some kittens have stripes.
Some are even hairless!
Some kittens are lazy.
Some kittens are silly.
But all kittens are cute!

Plants
There are lots of plants outside.
Plants have different parts. This will tell you about four different parts of plants.
First, there's the flower. Flowers are very pretty. Flowers come in many colors.
Bees like flowers. Bees like to land on flowers.
Next, there are seeds. Seeds come from flowers.
Seeds can be big or little.
The next part of a plant is the stem. The stem is what holds up the plant.
At the bottom of the plant is the root. The roots grow down into the ground.
The roots suck water up into the plant.
All of the plant parts are important.

Horses
They love to see their reflection.
They can also be very wild!
Horses love to run in a group.
Horses can stay warm in the winter.
Just like people horses need some time alone.
Horses might even like to dance!
There are all different kinds of horses.
HORSES ARE SO PRETTY!!!!

Amazing Insects
I see a butterfly.
I see an ant.
I see a ladybug.
I see a honeybee.
I see a praying mantis.

All About Dr. Seuss
Theodore Seuss Gisel was Dr. Seuss' name.
Dr. Seuss has ABC books.
He wrote lots of books.
He wrote about saving the trees.

Goody Takes Care of His Teeth
This is Goody.
This is his friend, Spot.
These are Goody's and Spot's toothbrushes.
They eat good foods.
They like these!
Goody and Spot floss after a snack.
Now it's time for bed. Good night!

My Puppy
I have a puppy.  Her name is Sophie.  We got her when she was very little.
She's normally a very good puppy.  Sometimes she gets in trouble, though.
She loves to cuddle and be near us.  She loves everyone.
She also likes to play.  She would play all day if we let her!
Snow days are her favorite... she runs and tries to eat the snow.
She does NOT like waves at the beach, though.
At the end of a long day, she falls asleep.  She is a good dog.

Dogs!!
Happiness is having a dog in your life.
Hey, do I remind you of someone?
Look at what I can do!
Don't we look good?
Ooh!  Look at how CUTE we are!
Stop and smell the flowers.
Anyone want to take me home?
I'm tired.
Friends are always nice to have around.
Everyone needs a good yawn once in a while.
I may be small, but I have a big heart.
This is fun, fun, fun!

Geometry in Our World
How many different shapes can you find? Try to find the hexagons, circles, rhombuses,triangles, and squares!
Can you find the perpendicular lines?
How many sides does a quadrilateral have?
Spherical sensation!!!

Weather
Rainy days can be fun (if you remember to take your umbrella)!
Thunderstorms are dangerous!
Rainbows are beautiful! Can you tell me what causes a rainbow?
Uh-oh, a storm is brewing!
A foggy day in the fall!
Hmm...what type of weather is on the way?
Lightning is dangerous, but it can also be a beautiful sky show!
Cirrus clouds add texture to our sky!
What beautiful scenery! What types of clouds are those in the sky?
The clouds are getting thicker...what does that mean?
A snowy landscape!
Oh no! Auntie Em...it's a twister!!!
Ahhhh... serenity now!

Ooo La La Paris
The rain fell hard on a foggy day in Paris.
We visited the Eiffel Tower our first night.
The next day we strolled under the snow until we got to a little cafe.
Should we have a glass of champagne to celebrate our trip to France?
We went to L'Opera from Rue Scribe to see the latest show.
We rushed back to our hotel to dry up from the rain.
I could see the Notre Dame from Seine from our window.
I told Jean to stop playing around.
I love seeing all the culture in Paris.
I never want to leave.

Betsy Ross:  A Biography
Betsy Ross was born on January 1, 1752.
She began sewing at an early age.
During the war, George Washington asked her to make our country's first flag.
Her flag had 13 stars representing the first 13 colonies.
Betsy died in 1837.  She had six children and three husbands.

Lou Gehrig:  The Luckiest Man
Baseball is a game that requires dedication and skill.
You must be focused and driven.
The Yankees had a player named Lou Gehrig.
Lou was an awesome player.  He became very sick with a fatal disease.
Babe Ruth played on the same team.
Babe Ruth gave Lou support throughout his disease.
Lou Gehrig was unable to walk at one point in his career.  So, he benched himself.
The Yankees retired his jersey.  This was the first time that was done.
This wall honors famous players from the teams.
He loved the game of baseball, even to the end.

Slippers Galore!
Slippers keep feet warm.
Some slippers are silly.
Some slippers are fancy.
Some slippers are fuzzy.
Some slippers are crazy.
Some slippers are cute.
Slippers are warm and cozy!

The Cat Book
Cats are special.
The leopard is watching.
The baby leopard is sleeping.
The tiger is talking.
The tigers are resting.
The lion is in the wind.
The lion is tired.
These are baby lions.
This kitten is cute.
The cat loves the baby.
This cat is white.
I love cats.

Primary Colors
Primary Colors
Red is a primary color.
Blue is a primary color.
Yellow is a primary color.
Green is a secondary color. What two primary colors make green?
Purple is a secondary color. What two primary colors make purple?
Orange is a secondary color. What two primary colors make orange?
Which crayon is not a primary color?

I Like Bugs
I like bugs.
I like little bugs.
I like big bugs.
I like red bugs.
I like spotted bugs.
I like bugs with wings.
I like bugs with big eyes.
I like bugs with stripes.
Bugs are cool!
Do you like bugs?

Emergency
The bridge collapsed. It is an emergency.
The car is on fire. It is an emergency.
This a Saturn. They crashed. This is an emergency.
The red button says STOP! Push it in an emergency.
The bridge collapsed. This is an emergency.
This is a helicopter to help someone who is hurt. This is an emergency.
The car catches on fire. This is an emergency.
The airplane is in the water. This is an emergency.
The firetruck is so noisy.  This is an emergency.
The fireman is putting out the  fire.  This is an emergency.
The car is on fire.  This is an emergency.
This is a fire boat.  It puts out fires on the water.  This is an emergency.

Colors of Spring
White flowers are on the tree.
Yellow flowers blow in the wind.
Purple flowers are over the bridge.
Green leaves drip water.
Red and black lady bug climbs the tree.
Orange tulips bloom in the springtime.
Blue sky has white clouds.
Black dog runs fast.
Rainbows have all the colors of spring.

Hockey
I think Ovechkin is awesome.
He has scored over 200 goals.
Sydney Crosby is awesome.
Hockey can get violent.
Malkin is a Pittsburgh Penguin.
I like Joe Sakic.
Joe plays for the Colorado Avalanche.
Joe Sakic has scored 1641 total points in hockey.

Boy
Boy
The boy has a friend.
The boy is a funny clown.
The little boy has brown eyes.
Look at the boy blow bubbles.
The boy is hiding.
The boys are funny clowns.
The boy has blue eyes.
The boy likes to play baseball.
The boy is swimming.
What color are the boy's eyes?
The boys are playing in the lake.
The dog sees the boy.
The boy and horse are in the water.
The boy jumps in the sand.
The cat sees the boy.
The boys look like Superman!
Count the boys.
The boys are at school.
The boy stands with his sister.
The boy is dressed up.
The boy wears a green shirt.
The boy is having fun.
The baby boy is crying.
The boy and girl are sitting.

The History of Pizza
The History of Pizza
Pizza has been pleasing taste buds for a very long time.
In early times, people used flat pieces of bread called focaccia to make their pizza.
The people of Naples, Italy were the first to use tomatoes on their focaccia bread pizza.
The world's first pizzeria was built in 1830.
In 1889, a pizza was made for Queen Margherita. The baker made the pizza look like the Italian flag.
Tomatoes for red.
Mozzarella cheese for white.
Basil for green.
This is the Margherita Pizza.
The first pizzeria in America opened in New York City in 1905 and it is still there today.
Today, pizza is one of the most popular and delicious foods in the world.
What's your favorite kind of pizza?

Constellation Libra
There are billions of stars in space.
There is lots of other stuff, too.
This is the constellation, Libra.
Libra is a group of stars that look like a kite from Earth.
We might see it like this at night.
Or we might see it like this, if we are lucky.

My Favourite Animals
Amy likes the little lambs.
Amy thinks this animal is very funny.
Amy thinks this animal is very funny, too!
Awww!  He is so cute.
This is a strange looking animal.
This butterfly is beautiful.

Princesses
This princess is from Beauty and the Beast.
The princesses are beautiful.
The girls are princess ballerinas.
The baby is a cute princess.
The princesses are hiding from a bad guy.
Princesses are on the cake.
The ponies are wonderful for princesses.
Three princesses are pretty.
This princess is not a princess. It is a puppy.

My Son Loves Pie
My son loves talking about pie.
This word can also be spelled "pi" which is the symbol for the number 3.14159265.
Pi is the  ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter.
Here's another kind of pie!  It's a pizza pie with pepperoni on it.  Yum, yum!
Apple pie is considered the ultimate American dessert. Don't forget to add the vanilla ice cream.
Let's not leave out the mud pie, a childhood favorite!
I bet some people would like to leave this kind of pie out.  A pie in the face is very messy.
It's almost as messy as participating in a pie eating contest.
Who knew you could write so many random things about pie!

The "Moose"
Once upon a time, there was a moose named Dan.
This moose liked to swim.
He also liked to play hide and go seek.
Mr. Moose loved going to the beach.
Mr. Moose took a vacation to London.
Why did the moose cross the road...
to get home, of course.
You make me laugh.
I miss you Mr. Moose. Come visit me.

Searching for Ellie
Edwin was very worried because he could not find his daughter, Ellie.
He thought that Ellie had wandered into the forest, but she was not there.
Next, he decided to check in the field, but still no signs of Ellie.
He even went into the river...
and to the ocean looking for her but had no luck.
Edwin searched all day..
and walked so many miles his feet started hurting.
When Edwin finally found Ellie, she was playing with her friends. Edwin was not happy she had wandered off without him.
But he was so glad to finally have found her that he did not stay mad very long.

Going to the Beach
Look how blue the water is!
Here's a pretty shell.
It's a starfish!
Check out those surfers.
Palm trees are my favorite!
The water is coming up onto the beach.
What a gorgeous sunset.

Planes
Planes
The  Delta  plane  is  going  to  take-off.
Airplanes  fly  from  cloud  to  cloud.
This  is  the  airport.  It  is  called  RDU.
The  pilots  fly  the  plane.
The  giant  airplane  has  just  landed.
The  plane  is  on  the  runway.

Animals of All Different Shapes and Sizes
Some animals live on land.
Other animals live in the water.
Some animals live in trees.
Some animals live in the ground.
There are some animals that can swim.
Other animals can fly.
Some animals are big.
Some animals are small.
There are some animals that are really slow.
Some animals are really fast.
Some animals are really tall.
Some animals are very short.
Some animals have fur.
Some animals have scales.
There are some animals that have small mouths.
Other animals have big mouths.
Some animals have spots.
Some animals have stripes.
There are some animals that have really big eyes.
There are some animals that have really small eyes.
All animals are special in their own way and come in many different shapes and sizes.

Food for Others
The members of the Boys' Club made 160 sandwiches for Food For Others in February.
To maximize our efficiency, we set up an assembly line.  First, Neil spread the sunflower butter.
Next, William spread the jelly and Ruth put on the second piece of bread.
Then, Samuel cut the sandwich in half.
Finally, Sean put the sandwich in a bag.
Doing good while being with friends is a terrific combination!

America's Heroes
Firefighters are very brave.
They drive in big trucks.
They keep us safe.
They put out fires in houses, schools, forests, and parks.
Firefighters are heroes.

Shane's Exercise Book
Shane's exercise room.
Up and down for push ups.
Building those shoulder muscles!
Look Out! Shane is rolling forward.
Lift that bottom to build a strong core.
Push down the Cross Crunch and hold, count to ten, release.
Shane is really good at the AB roller.
Shane is so strong!

Jelly Making 2008
In July 2008, my friends and I went berry picking.
We went back to Samuel's house after picking the berries to make jelly.
We washed the berries and then mashed them.
Then we put them in a bag and squeezed out the juice.
It was really messy!
Next we added LOTS of sugar.
Here you can see the sugar and berry juice.
The last ingredient we added was pectin.
Finally we stirred everything together while it simmered.
The jelly was delicious!

Our President
We have a new president.
Barack Obama is the 44th president of the United States.
Joe Biden is the new vice president.
They will be in office for 4 years.
The president lives in the white house.
The white house is in Washington, DC.
President Obama will protect our country.
He will lead the military.
President Obama will sign new laws.
He will keep us safe.
President Barack Obama will be a great president.

My Cat
My cat is called Beaker, and he is a squeaker.
Beaker thinks this is the way to drink.
Beaker loves to dance and prance.
Beaker loves to sneak to take a peek.
Beaker's mate Duffy is very fluffy.
Beaker's mate Cread loves to read.
Cread climbs on doors to jump to the floor.
Beaker's mate Jumper loves to work on the computer.
All of Beaker's mates love to do funny things that make them laugh.

Animal Plurals
A kitten is sleepy.
Some kittens are in a box.
A puppy is being held.
The puppies are ready for a walk.
A butterfly is on the branch.
Some butterflies are on the flowers.
A calf is taking a nap.
Some calves are in the barn.
A goose is above the water.
Some geese are in the water.
A mouse is munching on cheese.
Some mice are hiding.

That's Just How I Feel (A First Book on Feelings)
Some days I feel mad.
Other days I'm happy.
Today I feel loved.
I felt love from a friend.
I like spending time with my family.
My brother always makes me laugh.
Sometimes I feel ashamed.
Sometimes I feel shy.
Sometimes I am curious.
Sometimes I feel playful.
Sometimes I feel jealous.
Some days I feel alone.
Some days I am very excited!
Sometimes I feel silly.
Some days I feel sad.
Some days I like being alone.
Sometimes I am angry.
I always feel special because of who I am.

My Body Runs Like an Engine
My body is like an engine.
It may run too fast like a car...
or a jet.
When it is too fast, I have a hard time staying in my seat.
It may run too slow like a turtle...
or a snail.
When it is too slow, I feel tired and bored.
When my engine is JUST RIGHT, I can sit, listen, and learn.
If it's running fast, I can bounce on the ball...
do wall push-ups...
or squeeze putty to calm down.
If it's running slow, I can help the teacher...
run or walk during recess...
or get a drink of water to calm down.
I must try my best to keep my engine JUST RIGHT at school.
Based on: www.alertprogram.com Williams & Shellenberger, 1996

Stock Market Crash of 1929
The Stock Market Crash of 1929
This is a stock.  People put their money into stocks. They thought their money would be safe and become more money.
October 29, 1929, is known in the U.S. history as "Black Tuesday." People lost the money they put into stocks.
Black Tuesday marked the end of good times and the beginning of the Great Depression. This was a very sad time.
The newspapers reported about people having no jobs, food, or money.
People tried to find jobs.
This time became known as the Great Depression.
Many people could not keep their homes.
Many children had to work to help the family earn money.
President Hoover told the people that the worst was over.  However, the sad times would go on for another 10 years.

Hearts
Stars in a heart
Red heart
Chocolate heart
Jam heart
Heart in a box
Blue heart
A heart
Happy heart

The 44th President of the U.S.A.
This is President Barack Obama.
He was born in Honolulu, Hawaii.
He earned a law degree from Harvard Law School.
He has a wife and two daughters.
His famous statement is "Yes We Can!"
He is the first African-American President in the U.S.A.
President Barack Obama is our leader.

Jeremiah's Dog Book
Jeremiah's Dog Book
The dog has a black spot on his eye.
Look at the dog jump!
The dogs are wearing funny glasses.
Can you count the dogs?
Look at the dog ride the bike!
The dog has a red ball.
The boy hugs the dog.
The frog sees the dog.
The dog likes the pool.
See the dog run in the snow!
There is a big dog and a little dog.
Look at the dog in the swing!
The little girl likes the dog.
There are 3 dogs.
Watch the dog jump!
The boy is sitting on the big dog.
The girl is hugging the dog.
Can you count the dogs?

The Land
The land has flowers.
The land has trees.
The land has mountains.
The land has valleys.
The land has plains.
The land has animals on it.

Skiing
First, I ride the chair.
Then, I ski terrain.
Next, I do some tricks.
Finally, I ski down.

I Love The Red Sox
The Red Sox are my favorite baseball team.
Fenway Park is where the Red Sox play baseball.
The Red Sox play in Fenway Park, which is located in Boston.
The wall in the outfield is called the Green Monster.
I love the Red Sox.

Landforms
There are many types of landforms.
A mountain is tall and pointy at the top.
A hill is short and round at the top.
A valley is low land between two mountains or hills.
An island is land completely surrounded by water.
A peninsula is land that has water on three sides and is attached to another piece of land.

Weddings
Weddings
The bride and groom are in the church.
You can see bridesmaids at a wedding.
A bride is with her groom and parents under a tree.
You might get to dance on a patio.
There are guests at a wedding.
There are ring bearers and flower girls at a wedding.
A bride has fancy hair at her wedding.
The bride and groom kiss by the lake.
The groom's mom and sisters are at the wedding.
Kids have fun at the party!
There is good food at the party.
The bride gets into a fancy car.
You might even get to dance with a bear at a wedding!!!

The Beautiful Sun
We can't see the whole sun.
The sun is going down.
The sun is in the red sky.
The sky looks so beautiful.
The sun seems to be fading.

We are Australian
This kangaroo is Australian.
This parrot is Australian.
This frog is Australian.
This goanna is Australian.
This pelican is Australian.
This butterfly is Australian.
This echidna is Australian.
And I am Australian.

Lollipops
Lollipops are yummy.
Lollipops are swirly.
Lollipops are funny.
Lollipops are scary.
Lollipops are colorful.
Lollipops are tall.
Lollipops are small.
Lollipops are round.
Lollipops are COOL.

Mad About Mexico
This is the Mexican flag.
These are some Mexican clothes; a sombrero and a poncho.
El Tigre is a Mexican show.
This is a cactus, a Mexican plant.
This is a saloon, a Mexican bar and restaurant.

The Gorilla Book
The gorilla is sitting.
He is playing in the trees.
He is looking at another gorilla.
The gorilla is big and strong.
The gorilla is very angry.
He is playing in the grass.
He is the boss.
This gorilla is walking home.

Deadly
The clownfish is orange, black and white.
This fish lives at the bottom of the ocean.
This is a carnivore.
Crocodiles can also swim in the ocean.
Don't worry! He is dead.
This is a white pointer.
BEWARE! This is in the surf.
WATCH OUT! This is deadly water.

Snow Day
This morning I woke up and saw lots of snow on the ground!
I thought to myself, "The school bus won't be able to drive through all the snow".
That must mean today is a snow day!
I want to build a snowman, but I will need to find my mittens first so my hands stay warm.
Then I can come inside and warm up with some hot cocoa.
And sit by the fireplace with Mommy and Daddy.

Going Fishing
People have been fishing for a very long time.
You can go fishing anywhere you want. By a river...
from a boat...
in the surf, off a beach...
even off a jetty at sunset.
When something takes the bait, the rod bends down suddenly.
Sometimes you catch something you don't want...
but sometimes you catch a really big one!
I love fishing, anywhere, anytime, with my Dad.

I Love Bacon
Bacon is so yummy! It is one of my favorite foods.
Bacon is good for breakfast.
Bacon is good for lunch.
Bacon is even good for dinner.
Some people eat bacon on their cake!
Some people like to try to be as cool as bacon.
Bacon can sometimes be mean.
Bacon is still the candy of meats.

Giraffes
This is a giraffe.
It has a long neck.
It has long legs.
It has a blue tongue.
It has splotchy skin.
The giraffe is my favourite animal.

I Like Weather
I like rainy days.
I like lightning.
I like sunny days.
I like cloudy days.
I like snowy days.
I like foggy days.
I like windy days.
I like weather!

Family
During the holidays, I love to see my family.
Christmas is our favorite holiday!
We eat together and wait for Santa to come!
I have 14 cousins...
...and one second cousin named Lilly.
This is my dad.
And this is my mom.
My grandparents are the best!
And they love me very much!
Christmas is the best holiday...
...and I love to spend it with my family!

Sleepy Robin
I think I created some monsters.
They come through the forest and scare me at night.
They jump and jump on the bed.
I scream, "Stop!" to the monsters, but they do not stop.
The monsters look at me.
I scream, "Get out of here!"
The monsters hide, and they look like a table to me.
And I go to sleep.

The Evil Queen's Revenge
Once upon a time there was a beautiful princess named Princess Eliza.
Eliza lived in a little cottage.
An evil queen,
who lived in a big spooky castle,
gave princess Eliza a poison apple.
Princess Eliza fell asleep.
A prince came and kissed her.
They had a wedding and then ...
they lived happily ever after in the prince's castle.

D is for...
D is for door.
D is for dog.
D is for dinosaur.
D is for drum.
D is for duck.
D is for doughnut.
D is for deer.

Baby Animals
Koala baby
Hyena cubs
Baby elephant
Tiger cubs
Baby elephant
Baby wildebeest and mom
Bat-eared fox cubs
Lion cubs
Tell me what these are?
Lion mom and baby
Zebra mom and baby
Baboon mom and babies
Elephant mom and baby
Lion mom and cubs
Antelope mom and baby

What Shane Likes to Do
Shane likes baking cookies in Caroline's kitchen.
Shane is making hamburgers.
Shane is cooking the hamburgers in the Life Skills Kitchen with friends.
Shane is using the dishwasher to clean up at Milford High School.
Yummy! Eating chips!!
Shane collects calendars.
Shane is saving money for more monopoly games.
Shane likes Yahtzee.

Words of Wisdom
"Be the change in the world you wish to see."
"Love."
"Free at last, free at last! Thank God Almighty, free at last."
"Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country."
"Some look at things that are and say why. I look at things that aren't and say why not."
"Now!"
"Reality is what you want it to be."

The American Way
First, Americans lived in Europe.
Then they came to America by ship.
Some started farms.
Others liked to fish.
Some worked together to build railroads.
Then oil came.
With oil came cars.
Now, things are more advanced.
Look at the cars now...
and the jets!
Things keep moving fast.

A Day of Weather
The sun comes up.
The clouds dance on the ground.
The water gets tired of swimming.
Electricity in the sky.
Rainwater comes from the ground.
If it is cold enough, it turns to snow.
Sometimes, it is too hot to rain.
But the sun always goes down.

Animals
This is a wooly mammoth.
This is a gorilla. They are very smart.
This is a platypus. They can live on water or land.
This is a frog. Some can change colors.
This is a peacock. Do you like the colors?
This is a monkey. Isn't he cute?
This is a bat, the inspiration for Batman.
This is a colorful snake.
Hammerhead sharks have big heads.
Birds have been around since the time of the dinosaurs.
Lions are "king of the jungle."

I Love Singing
I love to sing.
Singing is great.
I can sing with a microphone.
I can sing very loudly.
I can sing very gently.
I can dance and sing too.
Won't you sing along with me?

The Seasons
Springtime is when the flowers come to a bloom.
Summertime is when the flowers comes to full blossom.
Fall time is when the flowers start to wither.
Winter time is when the flowers are fully withered, and the trees are bare. Then, the cycle starts again.

The World
Earth is a big place.
There are lots of things to see.
Egyptians built pyramids many lifetimes ago.
The Chinese built the Great Wall to protect them.
In Africa, the animals roam the plains.
Communists made funny buildings in Russia.
Scotland was full of stately castles.
The Vatican is a giant church-city in Rome.
London has clocks as big as buildings.
In Antarctica, there are only penguins.
The White House is the most famous house in the world.
Brazil has awesome beaches.

I Love Lawnmowers
I love lawnmowers.
Lawnmowers can be small.
Lawnmowers can be big.
Lawnmowers go in sheds.
Dad can use the lawnmower.
I can use the lawnmower.
Mum can use the lawnmower.
Sometimes, the lawnmower needs fixing.
Sometimes, the lawnmower needs a nap.
Some lawns are big.
Some lawns are small.
Mowing the lawn can be hard work.
I love lawnmowers.

Numbers
There is one rose.
There are two birds.
There are three pots of chocolate.
There is a four leaf clover.
There are five flowers.
There are six colored pencils.
There are seven mushrooms.
There are eight coins.
There are nine peppers.
There are ten candles.
There are eleven points.
There are twelve windows.

A Real Australian
The Red Kangaroo is an Australian animal.
It moves by jumping on its back legs.
Its long tail helps it keep its balance.
The Red Kangaroo lives in the dry grasslands of Australia.
It lives in a small group called a "mob".
When a baby is born, called a joey, it crawls into the mother's pouch to drink milk.
The joey will spend about a year in the pouch.
If the kangaroo is being attacked and can't get away, it will fight.
It will lean back on its tail and kick with its back legs.
Kangaroos can live for up to 20 years and never stop growing.

The Faces on our Coins
Who is on our penny?
President Abraham Lincoln
Who is on our nickel?
President Thomas Jefferson
Who is on our dime?
President Franklin Roosevelt
Who is on our quarter?
President George Washington

The House
There are many parts to a house.
You could have a front yard with a grass lawn.
There is a garage where people put their cars.
There is a living room where the family can sit together and watch TV.
There is a kitchen where people can cook food.
There is a dining room where the family can sit and eat meals together.
There are hallways that lead to other bedrooms and bathrooms.
There are bedrooms where people can sleep.
There are bathrooms where people can shower and use the toilet.
There are staircases where people can go upstairs.
There is an attic upstairs where people store their stuff.
There could be a backyard with a swimming pool.

Martin Luther King, Jr.
Martin Luther King, Jr. had a dream.
When Martin Luther King, Jr. was a boy, black people could not eat with white people in restaurants.
Black people could not drink from the same water fountains as white people.
In the Army, black people could not use the same showers as white people.
Black people could not sit in the front of buses with white people.
When Martin Luther King, Jr. was a boy, he liked church.
Martin Luther King, Jr. became a preacher.
Martin Luther King, Jr. wanted people to love each other.
Martin Luther King, Jr. wanted people to find peace together.
Rosa Parks would not give her bus seat to a white person.
Rosa Parks was arrested.
Many people marched and refused to ride buses. Martin Luther King, Jr. marched, too.
Now, black people can sit where they want on buses.
Martin Luther King, Jr. had a dream.
Martin Luther King, Jr. wanted black people and white people to have equal rights.
A white man killed Martin Luther King, Jr. at a motel in 1968. Many people were sad.
In America, black people and white people now have equal rights. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s dream came true.

Tricky Dogs
Dogs can learn many tricks.
They can learn to sit.
They can learn to shake.
They can learn to lie down.
They can learn to catch a flying frisbee.
They can learn to fetch a ball.
Or they can learn to just hold the ball on their nose.
Maybe they will even learn to ride a bike.
At the end of a busy day, they are tired.

My New Puppy
This is my new puppy!
Her name is Sophie.
She loves to chew on her toys.
She is a very curious puppy.
All the playing, chewing and exploring makes Sophie very sleepy.
Sophie sleeps in a crate. This is her bed. It has blankets and a pillow.
Sophie is a very friendly puppy. This is her and her best friend, Roo!
Every day, my puppy gets bigger and bigger!
When Sophie gets scared, she likes to hide under the bed.
Sophie's favorite holiday is Halloween. She dressed up as a bumblebee!
In the winter, my puppy loves to play in the snow.
My puppy is a very smart puppy.
She knows how to sit.
She knows how to lay down.
She also knows how to shake paws.
Sophie has grown a lot since we first got her.
She used to be so small.
Now she is very big!
Sophie will always be my puppy and my best friend.

Puppies
Puppies are very cute.
Puppies come in all different colors and sizes.
Puppies are very curious.
They need lots of attention, socialization, play and exercise.
Puppies sleep a lot, just like babies.
They love to play outside and run around.
Puppies like to have friends and playmates.
Puppies are great pets for people who love to play.

Illusions of Time
Abbreviation of time,
back swept across the landscape.
Calm winds flowing with sedative properties,
deactivate the mind.
Electromagnetic spectrum of cosmic waves,
fantasias fathomless delight!
Gallery of guardians watching,
harmonize elemental control.
Inhabited state of mind,
juggernaut force sailing the night.
Keepsake memento for all to hold,
lackadaisical spirit within.
Malevolent malformation,
Needful nebulosity of life.
Obsolescent oddment,
Pandemonium panoply, warrior of passage.
Quantum quickens rapid acceleration of query.
Reality! Reasons for existing
safe guarding seasonal transitions.
Taciturn talisman,silent are the pathways.
Unassailable paralleled unionism,
vengeful variance!
Wherever land element,
xaxis two-dimensional vision of Yterbium Zerosum.

Computers are Everywhere
Computers are everywhere!
Children use computers.
Seniors use computers.
Cats are entertained by computers.
Children learn to use computers in elementary school.
High school students use computers.
People work from home on computers.
Offices are filled with computers.
Cities are run by computers.
Computers can be used everywhere.
Peoples lives are centered around computers.
We listen to music on computers.
We play games on computers.
We stay fit using computers.
Computers are everywhere. THE END

My Kids
I love my kids.
They like to have fun.
My son loves his dirt bike.
He rides way too fast for me.
My daugther loves her ATV.
She jumps it way too high for me.
I'm always afraid that they're going to wreck.
But it makes them so happy.
I just keep quiet...
cause I love my kids.

Cats and Dogs
I wish you would play with me!
Kiss me, kiss me, kiss me.
Can you do this?
Can you do this?
Hi-ya!
Is dinner ready?
I sure hope so!
I like dinner!!!!!
We do too!
Did someone say dinner?
Nah, we're just messing with you.
HA,HA,HA... Good-bye...Forever!!

The History of Computers
The Abacus, invented in 300BC, was one of the first counting aids.
The Pascale, invented in 1642, could add and subtract only.
The Arithometer, invented in 1694, could add, subtract, multiply and divide.
The Difference Engine, designed in the 1820s, was the first mechanical calculator.
Jacquard’s Loom, invented in 1830, was the first punch card designed machine.
The Tabulating Machine, invented in 1890 to do census counting, did 8 to 9 years of work in 6 weeks.
The IBM Mark 1, completed in 1944, is considered the first universal calculator.
The Manchester Mark 1, completed in 1948, is considered the first electronic computer.
In 1954 a scientist from Rand Corp. shows what he thinks a 2004 personal computer will look like.
IBM's 704 mainframe, released in 1954, was one of the first commercially available computers in US.
IBM's 3084, released in 1982, was their most powerful computer at the time.
IBM's model 5150, released in 1981, was considered the first personal computer (PC) in US markets.
Appreciate the computers of today. It took our ancestors hundreds of years to develop the technology.

Colors
I see all the colors looking at me.
I see a red apple looking at me.
I see a blue sky looking at me.
I see a yellow banana looking at me.
I see green grass looking at me.
I see orange carrots looking at me.
I see a purple flower looking at me.
I see a white lamb looking at me.
I see a black cat looking at me.
I see a pink flower looking at me.
I see a brown horse looking at me.
I see red, orange, yellow, green, and purple skittles looking at me.
I see a beautiful rainbow looking at me.

Africa
Africa is the 2nd largest continent.
Africa has many savannahs.
Africa has some of the largest deserts.
Nomads cross the desert herding animals.
In these deserts, there are oases that provide fresh water for animals and the Nomads.
Africa's people come from many cultures.
Most Africans live along the Mediterranean coasts.
They live in large cities.
A few people live in the country.
Some people live in tribes.
Africa is home to gorillas.
Africa is home to elephants.
Africa is home to cheetahs.
Africa is home to birds.

I Like to Rhyme
I like to rhyme.
Look at that. Oh, it's a cat.
I can see a big green tree.
I can hear the big loud cheer.
I can taste the yummy toothpaste.
I like to rhyme every time.

Cook's Class Alphabet
A is for apple.
B is for baby.
C is for cat.
D is for duck.
E is for eggs.
F is for flag.
G is for gorilla.
H is for house.
I is for igloo.
J is for jump.
K is for kite.
L is for lion.
M is for money.
N is for neck.
O is for octopus.
P is for popcorn.
Q is for quilt.
R is for rainbow.
S is for shells.
T is for turtle.
U is for umbrella.
V is for vulture.
W is for water
X is for x-ray.
Y is for yarn.
Z is for zipper.

Brandon's Valentine's Day Book
Brandon's Valentine's Day Book
Do you like Gummy Bears?
I like cupcakes! Do you?
Red roses are beautiful!
Happy Valentine's Day, Brandon.
How many hearts are there?
This is a pretty Valentine's Day card.
Do you like jelly beans?
This dog is wearing funny glasses!

Trains
This is a yellow train.
This is a green train.
This is a red train.
This is a Thomas train.

Power
I like power.
Water power.
Power lines.
Power Lightning.
Storm power.
I like lightning because I like power.
Kites fly with wind power.
Wind power.
Train power.
Windmills make wind power.
This truck has power in it.

Cats
I like cats.
This cat is orange.
These cats are laying down.
These are kittens.
Aww! How cute!

The New School
This is Berwickshire High.
The taxi drops me off here.
This is the main entrance.
This is the main office.
This is our department.
Some of us will use the lift.
Here is the toilet.
We cook in our kitchen.
This is the changing room.
This is the gym hall.
This helps me to keep fit.
I have to shower after PE.
I will use the hair dryer.
This is the dressing room backstage.
This is fun.

Going to High School
This is a science lab. Look at all the equipment. I will learn to use it safely.
These are safety glasses. I will wear them to keep my eyes safe. The teacher will tell me when to put them on.
Science labs are all different. I might work in one that looks like this.
This is a drama studio. It has black walls.
I will do drama in a classroom like this.
This is a history classroom. It looks more like my primary classrooms.
This is a music room. Look at the keyboard and drums.
This music room has guitars on the wall. We might use some instruments here.

Jeremiah's Cat Book
The cat is sleeping.
Can you find the cat?
The cat has blue eyes.
The cat is fat.
The cat is with the baby.
The cat jumps.
The cat sees the dog.
The cat is wet.
The cat is black.
The cat is white.
The cat has a friend.
The cat smells the flowers.

Sweets!
Strawberry cake is delicious!
Cupcakes are good too.
Brownies are very chocolaty!
Apple pie is so warm and good with ice cream.
Ice cream is good with cake, cupcakes, brownies and pie!
Hot fudge sundaes are the best!
Candy bars are tasty.
Cookies and milk are a great snack.

Giraffes Are Great!
Giraffes have lots of spots!
Giraffes have long necks.
Giraffes have strong legs.
Giraffes love to eat.
Giraffes are super friendly!
Giraffes would love to be your friend!

Tusk
This is tusk.
He likes girl dogs.
He likes his stuffed animal.
He likes cars.

Winter Fun!
There are lots of things to do in the winter.
During winter, make sure you dress warm!
Build a snowman!
Look at different snowflakes.
Make a snow angel.
You can go skiing!
You can go snowboarding!
Sledding is fun and fast!
Have a snowball fight!
You can also ride a snow mobile.

Laura's Disney Adventure
Seeing and hearing fireworks made me scared!
What a BIG, old haunted house.
This castle at night was so beautiful.
I went so many places on the monorail.
Cinderella in her coach looks like a princess.
Mickey's wizard hat is huge!
The Animal Kingdom has so much to see.
This gorilla is thinking hard, isn't he?
My ride on the monorail gave me a break. I loved to look out the windows.
There were many parades to watch and music to hear!
This was a man who twirled fire sticks.
These are more fireworks!
Can you see the giraffe that tried to hide from me?
It is TRULY a small world, and I love it!
My trip to Disney World made my heart VERY happy!

Great Presidents
There have been 44 presidents.
There have been many great presidents.
George Washington was a great president.
Abraham Lincoln was a great president.
Thomas Jefferson was a great president.
Theodore Roosevelt was a great president.
Franklin Roosevelt was a great president.
John Kennedy was a great president.
Jimmy Carter was a great president.
Ronald Reagan was a great president.
George Bush was a great president.
Barack Obama will be a great president.

Michael's Bus
This where the buses live.
Here's my bus, Lola.
Here is Lola's baby bus,
Sam.
Sam goes to baby bus nursery school.
Lola stops to pick me up  for school.
Lola is not feeling well and has to be checked out.
Lola is feeling better now and can take me to school.
I love riding the bus.
My friends and I have so much fun.
Now we are at school.
See you later, Lola!

Kangaroos need help too!
Kathy the Kangaroo loved her mother's pouch.
She loved her aunts and uncles, and living in the mob.
Sometimes her uncles and brothers fought.
As she got older she began to explore the environment.
On Saturday 7th February the fires started.
While Kathy looked at the pretty colours the older kangaroos knew it meant danger and began to run.
The mob ran from the fire as fast as they could.
They escaped the fire but there was nothing left to eat or drink.
People began to help. They gave food and drink to the kangaroos.
Now Kathy is being cared for, but she can't roam free or explore.

10 Things You Need to Know about Leeds, England
Leeds is in the heart of the country of England. It is midway between Edinburgh and London.
Leeds is the second largest metropolitan district in the UK.
The University of Leeds is a leader in world research.
Millennium Square was constructed from the Mandela Gardens.
The League of Gentlemen was a comedy tour that studied near and around Leeds.
The population of Leeds is around 700,000.
People often travel from Leeds to Amsterdam or London by Tram.
People in Leeds enjoy a variety of arts, sports and entertainment.
Banking and technology are big businesses in Leeds.
The Leeds and Liverpool Canal are one of the longest waterways in Northern Europe.
Leeds Castle:  Don't let the name fool you... It's not in Leeds.  Where do you think it is?
Let your heart lead you to Leed's.  You won't be disappointed.

10 Things You Need to Know about Manchester, England
Manchester is located in the Northwest region of England.
The University of Manchester is the largest single-site university in Britain.
The Manchester Museum houses categories of works including cotton, people, animals and plants.
Charlotte Bronte is a famous author from Manchester. She wrote Jane Eyre.
Manchester Central Library was built in 1934 and is one of Manchester's famous landmarks.
By the looks of it, most people think the Manchester Cathedral is modern. But it dates back as far as 700AD.
You can take the Busy Bee transport from Manchester to London. It will take you 2 hours and 40 minutes.
The River Irwell runs right through the middle of town.
The population of Manchester is 2.5 million people.
People in Manchester enjoy a night out at the symphony.
Manchester has much to offer for both tourists and residents.

We Love Swimming
We went swimming at the YMCA for Special Olympics.
I like to jump in the water. Jacob
I like to race. Hi May
I like to swim under the water. Elizabeth
I like to swim fast. Cassie
I like to get medals. Ty
I like to splash. Darius
I love to eat at Wendy's. Paul
I love French fries and drinking ketchup. J.D.
I liked cheering for my class! Ms. Marini
I liked eating with the children. Ms. Icenhour
I like riding the bus. Mr Bare

The Goering Pups
Meet my family-Blake, Nicole, Scout and Layla Maye.
Scout and Layla LOVE Christmas time!
Scout loves to open presents! She has to be in the center of it all!
Layla loves playing fetch in the snow!
They really love going to Grampy Mikey's and Grammy Lu's house in the country.
Smile!  I am taking a picture with my babies!
We LOVE to open Christmas presents on Christmas morning. We were good little girls!
Smile! We are cuddling with mom.
Scout loves to ride in the Ranger up in Gunnison!
Layla loves to relax with mom when we are in the mountains!
Both girls ride with mom in the Ranger in Gunnison!
Look Mom!! We are true cattle dogs!!

Getting Ready for School
First, wake up and get out of bed.
Second, get dressed.
Third, eat breakfast.
Fourth, brush your teeth.
Fifth, brush your hair.
Sixth, get your lunch ready.
Seventh, make the bed and clean your room.
Eighth, go outside and wait for the bus.
Ninth, get on the bus, and you are off to school!

I Wish I Had a Puppy
I wish I had a puppy light and soft like snow.
I wish I had a puppy as messy as a mud puddle.
I wish I had a puppy as fast and furious as the winter wind.
I wish I had a puppy as sweat as a pea.
I wish I had a puppy to keep me warm at night.

Fun Times
I'm thinking of fun times.
Have I told you that I like balls?
I love sunny days.
I love playing with the puppies.
I love my friends.
This feels so, so good!
Wow!

Scarecrow
Scarecrow, Scarecrow, read a book.
Scarecrow, Scarecrow take a look.
Scarecrow, Scarecrow,
stand back up.
Scarecrow,
Scarecrow, have some fun.
Scarecrow,
Scarecrow,
let's run.
Scarecrow,
Scarecrow,
time for lunch.
Scarecrow, Scarecrow, was that good?
Scarecrow, Scarecrow, go along.
Scarecrow, Scarecrow,
goodbye. I'll come back to say,"Hi."

Puppies
I LOVE cute, warm and fuzzy puppies!
Puppies are trouble when they all get together!
Black Labs have a wonderful sense of humor!
Puppies have a way of knowing when to give hugs and kisses!
My puppy grew up to be my best friend!

Wind Weather
Wind Weather
by Cody
There are many different kinds of wind storms.
Wind storms can be dry.
Wind storms can come with water.
Some types of wind storms are hurricanes...
tornadoes...
and monsoons.
Hurricanes destroy whole cities.
Tornadoes are also called twisters.
Sometimes people have to leave their homes to be safe.
People have to buy food after a big wind storm.
Your weatherman will help you know what to do...
if a big storm is coming your way.

Valentine's Day
I like hearts.
I like candy.
I like chocolate.
I like flowers.
I like cookies.
I like teddy bears.
I like cards.
I like hugs.
I like Valentine's Day.

Miley Cyrus
Miley Cyrus
Her real name is Destiny Hope Cyrus.
She was born November 23, 1992.
She is 16.
She had her birthday at Disneyland.
She lives in Canada.
She has many pets; chickens, horses, fish, cats, and dogs.
She wanted to be an actress since she was 9 years old.
She is Hannah Montana.
Hannah Montana is the most popular show on Disney.
Her first album came out in 2007.
She did a song for the movie "Bolt."
She made over $25 million.
She is friends with Vanessa Hudgens and Zach Efron.
She has a You Tube show called Miley & Mandy.
She is the prettiest person ever!

My Favourite Animals
I like dogs. I have a dog named Daisy.
I think rhinos are cool.
Bats fly at night.
Lemurs jump very far.
Tigers have sharp teeth.
Snakes are dangerous.
Horses gallop fast.
Gorillas live in the jungle.
Monkeys swing from trees.
Elephants are big!

Friday is Movie Day
Friday is Movie Day.
I pick a friend to see a movie with me.
I can watch a Clifford video.
I can watch a Rugrats video. My friend can pick the movie.
I can pick a snack.  I can pick popcorn or...
I  can pick smarties.  I pick only one snack.
I am ready to watch my movie now.

Yes We Can!
Do you know who this is?
He loves his family.
He loves his country.
He thinks.
He listens.
He works.
He wants to do more.
He said...
"Yes we can."
We can love our friends.
We can think.
We can listen.
We can work.
We can do more.
Yes we can.
Yes we can.
Yes we can.

What Do You See?
I see an airplane.
I see a box.
I see a boy.
I see a ball.
I see a car.
I see a chicken.
I see a fish.
I see a girl.
I see a horse.

My Home
My Home
"My home is here," said the bird.
"My home is here," said the frog.
"My home is here," said the pig.
"My home is here," said the cat.
A cat!
A mouse!
"My home is here," said the mouse, "and in I go."
Come back, dinner!

Katie
Katie is walking in the rain.
She sees a big dog.
The dog shakes water on Katie.
Oh, no.

The Baby Monkeys
Sister Monkey was taking a shower. Baby Monkey walked in the bathroom.
Sister Monkey said, "Get out!" Baby Monkey said, "I cannot hear you."
Baby monkey was mad at Sister Monkey. Baby Monkey went to Mommy Monkey.
"Sister is mad at me", said Baby Monkey.
"Mommy, I was in the shower. Baby Monkey walked in and I said, 'Get out'", said Sister Monkey.
Baby Monkey said, "I can't hear you!"
Mommy Monkey said, "Brothers and sisters have to get along. Go to your room and think about it."

Magnets
Magnets
Every magnet has two separate poles.
Magnets have a north pole.
Magnets have a south pole.
If two magnets have like poles, they will repel each other.
If two magnets have opposite poles, they will attract each other.
Magnets can attract and repel each other.

Fruits of the Angels
Acai berries come from a palm tree in the rainforest of Brazil.
The African cucumber can be best described as a melon with horns.
Dragon fruit is a fruit of several cactus species with a sweet delicate taste and creamy pulp.
Guava, sweet and fragrant, comes in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Jackfruit is a common fruit for Asia and Australia and one of the largest tree fruits in the world.
Originally called the Chinese gooseberry, kiwi-fruit is actually a berry.
Lychee is covered in a red rind and is rich in vitamin C and has a grape-like texture.
Mango slices with caramel topped ice cream is tasty.
Mango, the world's most popular fruit, is enjoyed year round.
There are legends about Queen Victoria offering a reward to the one that brought her the "Mangosteen."
Christopher Columbus called the delicious papaya, 'Fruit of the Angels.'
Passion fruit can also be called purple granadilla.
Pomegranate is a hot new super food loaded with antioxidants and fiber.
Rambutan fruit resembles the Lychees, have a leathery red skin, and are covered with spines.
Star fruits are tropical tasty delights that are crunchy, sweet, and tart.

My Favorite Meal
I like Beef Stroganoff.
First, you cook cubed meat and onions in some olive oil.
Next, you add mushrooms and sour cream.
Then, you mix in one can of Cream of Mushroom Soup.
Mix in the peas.
Serve it over rice.
Enjoy your meal!

Ancient Egypt
The Egyptians built pyramids.
The Egyptians invented the 365 day calendar.
The Egyptians made paper from papyrus.
The Egyptians invented the clock.
The Egyptians wrote in hieroglyphics.

Chocolate
Chocolate...
I love chocolate!
Chocolate comes in many different forms.
You can make chocolate cupcakes.
You can make hot chocolate.
You can make chocolate chip cookies.
You can make a cake with chocolate in it.
Chocolate can be in icing used for doughnuts.
You can eat chocolate in your ice cream.
You can dip your favorite fruit in chocolate.
Your favorite candy bar probably has chocolate in it.
Chocolate comes in many different varieties.
Chocolate can also come in many different shapes as well.
There are so many different ways to eat chocolate.
There is a type of chocolate for everyone to enjoy.
The End

What is My Job?
There are many jobs in our community.
Can you guess what each one is?
?
Did you guess police officer? Awesome!
?
Did you guess a school officer? Awesome!
?
Did you guess a judge? Great!
?
Did you guess a computer repair person? Nice Job!
?
Did you guess an artist! Wow!!
?
Did you guess a bike repairman? Awesome!
?
Did you guess a handy man? Way to go!
?
Did you guess cook or chef? Great!
?
Did you guess dentist? Nice job!
?
Did you guess doctor? Way to go!
?
Did you guess farmer? Awesome!
?
Did you guess fireman? Good work!
?
Did you guess weather forecaster? Great!
?
Did you guess hockey player? You bet!
?
Did you guess lumber jack? WOW!
?
Did you guess musician? Way to go!
?
Did you guess Computer programmer? Great!
?
Did you guess waitress? Nice job!
?
Did you guess teacher? Awesome!
?
Did you guess crossing guard? Good work!
?
Did you guess scientist? Terrific!
?
Did you guess astronaut? WOW!!
GREAT JOB! Now, choose a job you like and write about it!

The Family Reunion 2
Children came from all over.
Babies...
cousins...
and pets.
Brady came. He was an entertainer.
Brady brought Christy so no one would be bored.
We made crafts.
We walked on the beach.
We even did a little dancing.
We had so much fun being together.
On our final day, we snapped a few pictures to have a permanent memory.
When it was over, we all went home.
We will meet again next year at our fun-filled family reunion.

I am Daniel
I am Daniel, and I was born on June 8th.
I live in Newbury, New Hampshire.
My favorite colors are green and yellow.
I love pizza...
...and cheeseburgers!
I love cats.  I have two cats named Cricket and Ladybug.
I love to visit Burger King.
Eating is my favorite thing to do!
My favorite book is The Truck Book.
My favorite movie is The Magic School Bus.
When I grow up, I want to be in a band and play music.

Horse
I am falling...
falling...
falling!
Ouch!

Welcome to Beijing
Welcome to Beijing.
This is new Beijing.
This is old Beijing.
Beijing is a place of art.
Beijing is also a place of leisure.
Have you ever heard of the Great Wall...
or the Forbidden City?
How about the Temple of Heaven...
or the Summer Palace?
Beijing was also the host of the 2008 Olympic Summer Games.
I love Beijing.
Welcome To Beijing.

Disneyland
Disneyland Resort has many parts to it.
It has the Disneyland Hotel.
It has Disneyland Grand Californian Hotel.
It has the Paradise Pier Hotel.
There is Downtown Disney District.
It has the Disneyland Park.
It has the Disney's California Adventure Park.

Edible Alphabets
A is for apple pie.
B is for biscotti.
C is for cake.
D is for Danish.
E is for eggs.
F is for fries.
G is for guacamole.
H is for hash-browns.
I is for ice cream.
J is for jambalaya.
K is for kale.
L is for leek.
M is for macaroni.
N is for nuts.
O is for onion rings.
P is for pizza.
Q is for quesadillas.
R is for radish.
S is for soup.
T is for tacos.
U is for unagi.
V is for veal.
W is for wonton.
X is for xanthan gum.
Y is for yams.
Z is for zucchini.

National Flags and Capitals
United States of America （Washington)
Canada (Ottawa)
United Kingdom (London)
China (Beijing)
Japan (Tokyo)
France (Paris)
Australia (Canberra)
Germany (Berlin)
Italy (Rome)
India (New Delhi)
Israel (Tel Aviv)
Mexico (Mexico City)
Brazil (Brasília)
South Korea (Seoul)
Russia (Moscow)
Spain (Madrid)

4WDs
The 4WD has its lights on.
The 4WD is bigger than the man.
The 4WD is heading to the  bush.
The 4WD jumped and landed in the  mud.
The 4WD is near the blue car.
The car is nearly jumping over  the jump.

A Computer and Its Parts
There are many parts to a computer.
There is the motherboard.
There is a graphics card.
There is a sound card.
There is a Central Processing Unit (CPU).
There is Random Access Memory (RAM).
There is a heatsink fan.
There is a hard drive.
There is a power supply.
There is a mouse.
There is a keyboard.
There is a monitor.
There are couple cables connecting them all together.
If you manage to put everything together, you now have a working computer.

A Trip to Starbucks
I like to go to Starbucks.
I would buy a cup of hot coffee.
Sometimes, I would buy a cold drink.
I like to sit there and do work.
Sometimes, I would sit there to write songs.
Sometimes, I bring my laptop to draw designs.
I like to sit there and just enjoy the environment.
It is a nice place to hang out with friends.
Maybe next time you can come and grab a drink with me.

Dora the Explorer
Dora is running.
Dora is an explorer.
This is Boots.
This is Dora.

My Pet Dog!
My pet dog is my friend.
He likes to play with my toys.
He likes to play tug-of-war with friends.
He likes to dress up with friends.
He likes to play hide and seek.
He likes to play ball.
He likes to run really fast.
He likes to run on the beach.
When he's finished playing, he likes to rest.
He likes to have something to eat.
After he has something to eat, he needs to be cleaned and have a bath.
Then it is time for bed.
My pet dog is my friend, and I love him very much.

Dinosaurs-Plant Eaters
Stegosaurus eats plants.
Brontosaurus eats plants.
Triceratops eats plants.
Pteranodon eats plants.
Pterodactyl eat plants.

I Love Italy
I love Rome.
I love Florence.
I love Florence a lot.
Tuscany has vineyards and hills.
Grapes make good wine.
Italians eat pasta.

Foods Around Us!
Some food is yummy and sweet.
Some foods are red and juicy.
Some foods grow on trees.
Some foods grow in gardens.
Some foods have seeds.
Some foods are long and stringy.
Some foods come in many different colors.
Some foods can be used to build houses.
Some foods are green!
Some foods are hot and spicy.
Some foods are decorated and pretty.
Some foods come in rectangular shapes.
Some food is worth fighting over.
Some foods are wet and ripe.
Some foods are protected by hard shells.
Some food is eaten on special occasions.
Some foods come in bowls.
Foods come in all different shapes and sizes.
But we can all agree...
Food is yummy!

Down on the Farm
Down on the farm, there is a lamb.
Down on the farm, the lamb walks with her mother.
Down on the farm, there is a kitten.
Down on the farm, there are some ducks.
Down on the farm, there is a cow. He is black and white!
Down on the farm, there are lots of cows!
Down on the farm, there are horses. We ride the horses into the sunset.
Down on the farm, there is a baby horse. He is small.
Down on the farm, there are many things to do!

The Amazing Bikes
This bike has a girl on it.
This bike is a pretty pink.
This bike is in the sunset.
This bike is yellow.
This bike is red hot.
This bike is red.
This is a silly dog on a bike.
This is a trick bike.
This is a resting bike.
This is a white bike.

The Solar System
This is the Milky Way Galaxy.
This is our Solar System. It is located in the Milky Way Galaxy.
These are the planets and moons that are in our Solar System.
The sun is in the center of our Solar System. It is a lot bigger than the planets.
This is Mercury, the smallest planet. It is the closest planet to the sun.
This is Venus, the second closest planet to the sun.
This is Earth, our home planet and third planet from the sun.
This is Mars. It is fourth planet from the sun.
This is Jupiter, the largest planet and the fifth planet from the sun.
This is Saturn, the second largest planet and the sixth planet from the sun.
This is Uranus, the seventh planet from the sun.
This is Neptune, the furthest planet from the sun.

The Fancy Dolls
The dolls are going to a fancy store.
The doll is posing.
The doll is at a wedding.
The dolls are having a sleepover.
The doll is listening to music.
The doll is dancing.
The doll is pink.
The doll is sitting.

Pixar Cars are Fun For Everyone
Sally feels happy because she works at the Cozy Cone Motel.
Doc Hudson feels powerful because he has a power boost.
Chick Hicks feels angry because he likes bumping into the other cars.
Lizzie feels sleepy because when it is nighttime she closes her shop.
McQueen Cubed
feels awesome because he might win the Piston Cup.
5 McQueens are rookies and they feel cute because they all have paint jobs and are different from each other.
Snot Rod feels sneezy  because he can see fire from the engine.
Filmore feels busy because he is tired of giving everybody organic fuel.
Dirt Track Lightning McQueen feels frustrated because he does not like drifting or turning.
Nitroade feels focused because he has to keep his eyes on the track.
Cruisin' McQueen
feels happy because he has fallen in love with Sally.
When I play with Pixar Cars, I feel EXCITED!

Yummy, Yummy Cupcakes
I love to make cupcakes.
Start with cake mix.
Pour the mix in a bowl.
Add water, eggs, and oil and mix away!
Pour the batter into a cupcake pan.
Bake it in the oven.  Watch out, it's hot!
Put frosting on the cupcakes.
Now it's time to eat!  YUMMY!

Forgotten
You who are not there! Do I know you?
My world is on the other side of thought.
Walk with me through the mists of time.
Do I know you? I have been watching! Do you feel me in the night?
We are lonely! We are the forgotten ones.
Locked within images, we gaze at you. We are aware.
Once, we also walked within the light.
Now we wait, lonely and forgotten!
We live in imagination.
We watch and we learn.
You who are not there!
Will you join us?
We are all around you.
You have abandoned us! Left us broken and alone!
Come cross over into the night. We sleep at the cross roads of a time that never was.
You are a jewel of the light! Join us within and embrace the sleep of twilight.

Landforms
A landform is the shape of the land.
A mountain is a big hill with steep sides and a point at the top.
A valley is the lowland in between the mountains.
A plain is a gently rolling, flat, lowland.
A plateau is like a mountain with steep sides but a flat top.
What landforms are near you?

The Secret Garden
Mary Lennox lives in India with her parents.
Nobody really cares for Mary. She is sad.
Everyone in her house gets sick.
Mary hides in a room. The next day when she wakes up, almost everyone is dead.
Mary is sent to live with her uncle in England.
Mary's uncle lives in a big house with lots of locked rooms. It is not a good place for a child to grow up in.
Mary meets the old gardener named Ben. Ben has a bird.
The bird and Mary become friends.
There is a secret garden at the house. The bird gives Mary the key to get in the secret garden.
Mary hears someone crying in the garden. She searches for the source of the noise.
Mary finds a boy named Colin. He is her cousin. He cannot walk or stand up.
Mary takes him into the secret garden, and he learns how to walk.
Mary is very happy now. She loves the secret garden and is happy to be at her uncle's house.

Cool Kitty Cat Concert
Cool Kitty Cat Concert
The Crazy Kat Brothers were on tour in New York City.
The crowd was full of fancy,furry felines.
They were chanting, "C-K-B! C-K-B! C-K-B!"
Finally, the Crazy Kat Brothers leaped off the catwalk and landed a double somersault.
The crowd went bananas!!!
They were wearing glittery, red capes and blue masks.
The stars said, "Hello, you fine kitty cats!"
Then the drums started banging. Boom! Boom! Boom!
"Who let the cats out??? Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow!"
The cats got so excited that they went crowd surfing!
The girl cats were crying and fainting.
When they made it back to the stage, it was time to go. They said,"Goodbye, New York! We love you!"
Everyone threw sardines on stage.
The lights turned on..BOOM! The cats vanished in a puff of smoke!
That was the best concert ever!

Pets Need...
Many people have animals as pets.
Animals can be our friends.
Animals need our help to stay healthy.
Animals are alive like you.
All animals need four things to be healthy.
Animals need food.
Animals need water.
Animals need shelter.
Animals need space to move.
We can help our pets stay happy and healthy by giving them the things they need.

Cats
Cats are so cute and cuddly.
Those cats are nice.
That cat is yawning.
He is standing up and dancing.
This cat is looking at me.
Those cats are playing.
He likes cola.
That cat likes to attack.

Love
Roses are red.
I love hearts.
I like candy apples.
I like puppies.
This is the word love.
I love colorful hearts.
Those sugar hearts look good.
I love kitties.
I love Valentine fairies.
Love is wonderful.
I love lipstick.
I love jellyfish.
Happy Valentine's Day!

Blooms
Mrs. Massey has blooms.
Curstien likes the purple blooms.
Charles likes the red blooms.
Devante likes the black blooms.
Mikeal likes the pink blooms.
Ashley likes rose blooms.
Brenna likes blue blooms.

The Police Book
Some police officers drive a police car.
Some police officers drive a motorcycle.
Police officers wear a belt that has a gun, handcuffs, and a baton.
Police officers give people tickets.
Police officers walk the streets to keep us safe.
Some police officers ride on a horse.
I want to be a police officer when I grow up.
Police officers work at a police station.
Police officers help when there is an accident.
Police officers help when there is a crime.

Where the Red Fern Grows (synopsis)
This is Billy. He wants to have two dogs.
Billy earns money by selling fruit and bait to fishermen. He is saving the money to buy his dogs.
Billy saves up enough money to buy his dogs. He names them Old Dan and Little Ann.
Billy trains his dogs how to hunt raccoons.
Billy gives the money to his dad to help the family have money to live on.
One night the dogs trap a mountain lion in a tree. The mountain lion attacks the dogs, and Billy rushes in to help.
The mountain lion attacks Billy. The dogs save Billy.
Both of the dogs are injured. Old Dan died the next day. Little Ann is so sad and dies a few days later.
Billy and his family decide to move to town. He goes to his dogs' graves and on it he sees a red fern.
There is a legend that states that only an angel can plant a red fern. He feels ready to move on with his life.

Evan Loves Tractors
This is a John Deere tractor.
This is an old blue tractor.
Hey Cool, do you like this tractor?
Hey dog, do you have a license to drive one of these?
Time to cut down the corn.
Hey Cool, do you want to race me?

My Book About the Jonas Brothers
My favorite band is the Jonas Brothers.
People all around the world like them.
This is Kevin Jonas.
This is Joe Jonas.
This is Nick Jonas.
They travel around the world to perform for people.
They even went to Washington D.C. to sing for Sasha and Malia Obama.
They have friends who sing too.
Friends like Taylor Swift.
Friends like Demi Lovato.
This is one of their albums called, "A Little Bit Longer."
Nick wrote the title track.
He wrote the song about his struggle with diabetes.
It doesn't stop him from performing on stage.
I like the Jonas Brothers because they are awesome singers!!!
I think they are cool performers on stage!!!
The Jonas Brothers ROCK!!!
THE END!!!

Cars, Trucks, and  Evan
Hi, my name is Evan. I like all kinds of trucks.
This is a very fast car.
Mrs. Wyman loves yellow cars and trucks.
Mrs. Johnston gets all the red ones.
I ride a school bus to and from school everyday.
Want to race me?  Pick your car.
Hey Coach!  How about this car for you?
Mrs. Brand, I picked this one for you.
Rosie, how many can you get in your car?
This is Evan's car.  Rosie, do you want to race now?
This book makes Evan happy.

Chinese Food
Sweet and sour pork
Kung Pao chicken
Chow Mein （fried noodle)
Spring rolls
Peking duck
Sichuan boiled beef
Dumpling
Fried rice
Mapo tofu
Sugar and vinegar pork ribs
Dumpling soup
Steamed fish
Orange beef
Hot and sour soup
Stir fried beef with broccoli
Fried quail with lemon and salt

My Story
My name is Ashleigh.
I am in Room 12.
I like rolling balls around the class.
I have a pet.  His name is Mr. Rabbit.
If you have any spare chocolate yogo, just send it my way!
Uncle Merv and Uncle Joe gave me great Christmas presents.  Thanks!

My Story
My name is William.
I am in Room 12.
My dad drives trucks.
I have a sister named Emily.
I was born in Broome.
I hate bananas! Yuck!
I can't wait till I get out of my chair at the end of the day.
I hope Stuart comes over tonight!

The Wiggles are #1
The Wiggles star Greg Page, Anthony Field, Jeff Fatt and Murray Cook.
They love performing on stage for children.
Jeff waves hello to everyone!
Ben is one of everyone's favorite dancers.
Captain Feathersword makes us laugh!
The live concerts are very big and many people come.
Some children are very lucky to meet the stars in person.
The Wiggles make every child happy and feel special.
This is why the Wiggles are the #1 preschool band in Australia and everywhere they go!

Happy Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day is February 14.
It is a day for love.
It is a day for hearts.
It is a day for fun.
It is a day for friends.
It is a day for flowers.
It is a day for candy.
It is a day for love.
I love Valentine's day.
Valentine's Day is February 14.
Will you be my Valentine?

Pandas
Pandas like to sit in the sun.
Pandas like to eat.
Pandas like to climb.
Pandas like to sleep.
Pandas like to eat bamboo.
Pandas like to play.

Balls
Basketballs
Baseball
Tennis ball
Rubber ball
Football
Bowling balls
Green smiley balls
Volleyball
Ping pong ball
Soccer ball

All Kinds of Houses
This is a house that is with a tree.
This house is colored with moss green paint.
This is a tree house to play with.
This house has snow outside.
This house is Plateau de La Godivelle.
This house is colored with orange and white.
This house has windows.
This house is an old farmhouse.
This house is called Heinzman House.
Some houses are made out of wood.
Some houses could have animals outside of the house.
This house is on a bridge on water.
This house has columns in front.
This house is made out of snow and is called an igloo.
This house has a porch,stairs, and rooms.
This house is on a hill and has fences around the house.

Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day is fun!
Valentine's day is all about love.
I like sending Valentine cards.
I send cards to my friends and family.
The cards I make are pretty.
I like passing out the cards to my class.
I like to get cards from my friends too.
I send candies too. The candy is sweet.
It's sweet to eat chocolates on Valentine's Day.
I can't wait for Valentine's Day.
Will you be my Valentine?

We Went to the Zoo
We went to the zoo.
We saw a tiger.
We saw a monkey.
We saw a lion.
We saw chickens.
We saw deer.
We saw a panther.
We fed a goat.

Cars are Cool!
This car looks fast!
This car is fancy.
This car is red.
This car is sparkly.
This car is unique.
This car is black.
This car has funny wheels.
This car is nice.
This car is racing.
This car is silver.
This car looks like a jet.
This car is old.
This car is expensive.
This car is shiny.
This car is speedy.
This car is green.
This car looks hot!

The Three Stooges
Moe, Larry, and Curley are the three stooges.
The three stooges are very silly.
The three stooges started performing in 1925.
They were all friends.
They dressed in silly costumes.
They always tried to make people laugh.
They got themselves into funny situations.
They starred in movies and on T.V.
The stooges did a lot of physical comedy.
Curley was the most popular stooge because he was the silliest.
I wonder what they are thinking.

Jobs at HEB Central Market
Shoaib thinks he will see bus drivers when we go to Central Market tomorrow.
Hector thinks we will see a bakery person.
Shoaib thinks he will see people take 5 dollars.
Jasmaine thinks she will see a sacker.
Julian thinks he will see a Walgreen's person.
Ernie thinks he will see cooks.

HEB Central Market
We are going to  Central Market tomorrow and we think we will see...
pepperoni pizza with cheese and a drink for Ernie.
Shoaib thinks we will see a red car.
Julian will see chocolate cookies,cake, and vitamins.
Mrs. Correll thinks we will see a lot of food.
Julian thinks we will see footballs.
Hector thinks we will see a cafeteria.
Clarissa thinks she will see a coffee shop.
Jasmaine thinks she will see video games.

The Animal Book
This is a lamb.
This is a dog.
This is a cat.
See the cat.

Santana's Cows
I like cows!
Who likes cows?
I like cows.
Cows are my favorite.
The cow is standing.
The cow jumps over the moon.
Oh, that's a pretty one!
I want you to be my favorite.

Supergirl
Supergirl is a superhero.
They make Supergirl action figures.
Supergirl and Superman are friends.
Supergirl and Batman are friends.
Supergirl and Spiderman are friends.
Supergirl is COOL!

I Love Horses!
Up!
Yippee!
Oh no!
Walking in the water.
Horse friends.
Where are the cowboys?
The horse is drinking water.
We are on a horse ride.

Spring  is  here.
I  colored  Easter  eggs.
Happy  Valentines Day.
Yum, chocolate.
Look,  my  husband   bought   me  flowers.

It's My Birthday
My birthday is  April  6.
I love  having   my party at  Chuck E. Cheese.
Happy birthday, Kassy.
They're decorating for Kassy's party.  Shh! It's a  surprise.
Why are you eating  the  cake?  That's   Kassy's  cake.
They're video  taping the birthday girl.

Love  at  First  Sight
I love you.
Do   you  love  me?
I have a  date   to  go  on  tonight.
Happy  Valentine's  Day.
You're pretty.

Robin is a Superhero
Robin helps Batman.
Robin has a cape like Batman.
Robin and Batman keep us safe.
Robin is a cool superhero!
I like to play with Batman and Robin action figures.
I like to read Batman and Robin books.
Batman and Robin are COOL!!

Big and Little
Big dog, little dog.
Big elephant, little elephant.
Big person, little person.
Big car, little car.
Big shoes, little shoes.
Big dolls, little dolls.
Big pumpkin, little pumpkin.
Big horse, little horse.
Big duck, little ducks.
Big rocks, little rocks.

Valentine's Day
I like to give candy hearts to my friends on Valentine's Day.
This is a pretty purple heart.
You can make a heart out of jelly beans. Very cool!
I love chocolate hearts.
Some people make Valentine cakes.
My mom gives me chocolate kisses on Valentine's Day.
I can wrap a box of candy and give it to my dad.
I wonder how many balloons are in this heart?

Symbols of America Past and Present
We celebrate the Fourth of July every year.
America gained her freedom from England with the signing of the Declaration of Independence on July 4, 1776.
The first American flag looked like this.
Our current day flag looks like this.
Many Americans celebrate the Fourth of July with firework displays.
The Liberty Bell rang on July 4, 1776 when the Declaration of Independence was read.
America celebrates every year to remember how we became a free country.

The Rainforest
The person is under the waterfall.
The mountains are in the distance.
The fish is in the water.
The people got out of the car.
The people have seen a fruit bat.
The person is crossing the water.

Crusty Demons
The race has started.
The bikers are in the desert.
The dirt bike went over the ditch.
The bikers are about to start.
The rider just won the race.

Indian Foods
SAAG PANEER - SPINACH AND CHEESE
POTATO AND CAULIFLOWER CURRY
OKRA MASALA
BRUSSELS SPROUTS WITH MUSTARD SEEDS
PEAS PULAO
CHICKEN  PULAO
SHRIMP JALFREZI
TANDOORI SHRIMP
KHEER - RICE PUDDING
KESAR KHEER - RICE PUDDING WITH PISTACHIOS AND SAFFRON
GULAB JAMUN - CHEESE BALLS IN SUGAR SYRUP
RASMALAI - COTTAGE OR RICCOTTA CHEESE SOAKED IN MILK

Planes
Planes
I  like  airplanes.
The  airport  is  where you can find  airplanes.
All  the  planes are parked.
The  airplane  is  really  fast.
The  plane  is  up  in  the  sky.
The  airplanes  can  take-off  and  land.
I  rode  on  that  airplane.

I Go to Bok Tower
Bok Tower has bells that play music.
You can watch on the monitor as the man in the tower plays the bells.
It is nice to walk in the garden. It is quiet, except for the bells and the birds.
The swan swims in the pool.
I like the flowers in the garden. This is a magnolia flower.
The trees are very tall.
I can look up to the top of the trees and see the sky.
The squirrels like the garden.
The birds also like the garden.
But most of all, I like the swans.

Jungle Animals
I love cheetahs.
I love tigers.
I love lions.

Friends
Friends
Friends are special people.
I am a friend when I show love.
I am a friend when I smile at others.
I am a friend when I wait my turn.
I am a friend when I help others.
I am a friend when I share with others.
I am a friend when I laugh with others.
I can be a great friend.

Animals
This is a lamb.
This is an otter.
This is a cat.
This is a tiger.

Recycle
R is the magic letter for RECYCLE!
Recycling is good for the Earth.
What does recycle mean? It means clean up and use again!
You can put cans in the recycle bin.
PLEASE do not throw cans on the ground. RECYCLE!
You throw paper in the recycle bin.
You can recycle cans, bottles & paper.
If we put things in the recycle bin, it can help raise money.
This is what a recycle bin can look like.
This is a recycle bin too!
And so is this.
It doesn't take a lot of time to recycle.
This sign means recycle.
So does this sign. . .
and this sign!
The sign says recycle too!
The people help make our world clean.
Tires are recycled for lots of things.
Recycling can help save our plants.
The flowers are colorful & make our earth a better place.
Keep our Earth clean.  Recycle!
RECYCLING MAKES OUR WORLD AWESOME!!

What is a Galaxy?
What is a galaxy?
A galaxy is a gigantic group of stars!
How many stars do you think are in a galaxy?
Well, it all depends on the size of the galaxy.
The number of stars in a small galaxy would be about...
...three hundred thousand or more!
The number of stars in a large galaxy would be about...
...one billion or more!
Now pretend that you are a beam of light.
Do you know how long it would take you to travel across a small galaxy?
Oh, only thousands of years!
Galaxies like to hang out in groups called...
...clusters!  Our galaxy is in a cluster of about twenty galaxies.
Do you know what galaxy you live in?
The Milky Way!  No, not the candy bar...
...the Milky Way Galaxy!  The number of stars in our galaxy is about...
...one hundred billion stars!  We live in one ENORMOUS galaxy!
Now pretend you are a beam of light again.  How long will it take you to travel across the Milky Way?
Oh, only one hundred thousand years!
Do you know what shape the Milky Way is?
It is a barred spiral.
A barred spiral is like the shape of two tadpoles, except they would be headbutting each other!
Galaxies have three other shapes:
A spiral shaped galaxy...
...an elliptical (or oval) shaped galaxy...
...and irregular shaped galaxies that don't have a definite shape.
Does our Milky Way Galaxy move?
Yes!  It rotates, kind of like a spinning top!
How long do you think it takes the sun to move around the center of our galaxy?
Oh, just one galactic year...about two hundred and twenty five million human years!!!
Do you know the name of the biggest galaxy in our group of galaxies?
The Andromeda Galaxy...
...it is four times bigger than the Milky Way!
Astronomers believe that there are billions of galaxies...can you imagine that?
That's like saying the Milky Way Galaxy is a grain of sand...
...in a beach volleyball court full of sand!
Isn't that incredible?
Now YOU are an expert on galaxies!

Faces
Benjamin, can you make a funny face?
The two clowns are looking at Benjamin.
The boy is smiling at Benjamin.
Benjamin, look at the girl's red nose.
Benjamin, look at all the puppets.

Animals
I see a lamb.
I see a raccoon.
I see a frog.
I see a tiger.
I see a cat.

Airplanes
I see an airplane.
The airplane is flying in the sky.
The airplane is big.
I see an  airplane and white clouds.
The airplane is ready to fly in the sky.

Balloons
I see balloons in the sky.
I see colorful balloons.
The man is holding lots of balloons.
I see a very big balloon.
I see many balloons.

Lollipops
I like lollipops!
You can put them on a cake.
You can get them at the grocery store.
I see lots of lollipops.
You can put lots of lollipops in a basket.
I see 3 lollipops.
I see 2 lollipops.
I love eating lollipops!

Adaptations
Adaptations are what animals have to live, get food, and protection.
The koala has feet for climbing.
The vulture has a beak for eating.
The Arctic fox has gray fur for hiding.
Alligators have teeth for getting food.
Bears have claws for getting food.
Birds have big mouths for getting food.
Cheetahs have legs for getting food.
Giraffes have long necks for getting food.
Snakes have poison for getting food.
Camouflage protects this deer from other animals.
Fur protects this animal.
A bad smell protects this animal.
Quills protect this animal.
The End

The Backpack
What is in the backpack?
A pencil case?  Yes!
A folder with paper?        Yes!
Glasses?      Yes!
A book?       Yes!
A lunch?  
Yes!
A kitten?  
No!

The Mystery Smell in School
Have you ever smelled something lurking in your school hallway?  We have.
One Wednesday in class we smelled something funny.
We walked down the hallway to investigate.
The gym smelled strange, but it wasn't the smell we were looking for.
The gym smelled like garlic.
Back in the hallway we tried another room.
The eighth grade smelled, but that wasn't our smell either.
The eighth grade smelled like old sneakers.
The smell led us down the hallway, closer and closer to the smell we were seeking.
We took a sip of water from the hallway drinking fountain.
The old pipe made the water smell like rust and metal.
The smell grew worse and worse.
In the lunch room, our mystery was solved.
We discovered that our mystery smell was the school lunch...pizza.

Fast Food and Restaurant Words
Hamburger
French fries
Coke
Onion rings
Milkshake
Chocolate
Vanilla
Strawberry
Sandwich
Burger
Fish
Chicken
Nuggets
Bacon
Cheese
Mustard
Pickles
Ketchup
Mayonnaise
Lettuce
Tomato
Onion
Relish
Hot dog
Bun
Chili dog
Submarine
Ham
Tuna
Turkey
Roast beef
Bologna
Beverages
Milk
Coffee
Iced tea
Juice
Orange
Sprite
Dr. Pepper
Potato chips
Baked potato
Salad
Dessert
Ice-cream
Sundae
Hot fudge
Cone
Cookies
Pie

Flowers
Flowers
Pretty pink petals.
Round red roses.
Pleasant purple pansies.
Three tilting tulips.
Dazzling dangling daisy.
Fuzzy funny flower.
Two tall tulips.
Blue bridal bouquet.
Very violet valentines.

Dogs and Cats
The dog's collar is silver.
The dog's nose is black.
The cat's yawning is cute.
The kid's dog is yellow.

Animals
The goat's horns are very big.
The sheep's lamb is very small.
The shark's teeth are sharp.
The rooster's beak is funny.
The cat's eye is closed.

Logan's Book
The dog's collar is tan.
The whale's fins are above the water.
The car's wheels are round.
The candy's colors are gorgeous.
The fish's fins are orange and white.

Stripes
The car's stripes are black and white.
The fishes' stripes are black and white.
The zebra's stripes are rainbow.
The cat's stripes are black and white.
The stripes' colors are beautiful.

Making Pizza
Making Pizza
Shane goes shopping to make pizza.
Shane needs tomatoes to make pizza.
Let's make the dough.
The dough is ready for the sauce.
Shane makes the sauce.
Put the sauce on the dough.
Put the cheese on the pizza.
Put the pepperoni on the pizza.
Put the pizza in the oven to cook.
Shane loves pepperoni pizza. YUMMY!!
Beautiful!

Frogs
This is Tom, the frog.
Tom has frog friends.
Tom is on top of the flower.
Frogs are many colors.
This is a red frog.
Frogs hop on lily pads.
A big hop!
Here is a frog mom and baby.
We like frogs!

Big Hits!
Big Hits!
This is Bill.
Bill gets ready to hit.
He can catch it in his mitt.
The boy wants to get a big hit.
Yes, a good hit!
Can the pig hit?
No, but the pig can run.

Our A Book
A a
A is for apples.
A is for alien.
A is for apron.
A is for alligator.
A is for astronaut.
A is for art.
A is for airplane.
A is for acorn.
A is for acrobat.
A is for antlers.
A is for aerobics.
A is for ambulance.
A is for angel.
A a

A2's Favourite Things
Jason's favourite thing is a tiger.
Brody's favourite thing is a super charged motor.
Blake's favourite thing is Yu Gi Oh.
Michael's favourite thing is a Ducati.
Colin's favourite thing is a Jawa motocycle.
Josh's favourite thing is a dog.
Robyn's favourite thing is the beach.
Ms. Pataky's favourite thing is patchwork quilting.

Beginning Sound F
Frog
Fish
Four
Five
Fan
Flowers
Fire
Feather

Cats!
Some cats are very little.
Some cats are very big.
Some cats are sweet.
Some are a little mean.
Some cats are fashionable.
Some cats are curious.
All cats yawn.
Some cats are chubby.
Some cats like to cuddle.
Some cats are performers.
Some walk like people.
Some cats are good at sharing.
Some cats are snow white.
Some cats are grumpy.
All cats get sleepy.
Some cats are fluffy.
Some cats do tricks.
Some cats watch the computer.
Some cats can fly through the air.
Some cats find funny places to sleep.
Some cats are serious.
Some cats like to chase lights.
Some cats are mysterious.
Some cats have hairy toes.
Some cats peek at you.
Some cats have great balance.

Fast Food Words
Pancake
Cereal
Chocolate
Eggs
French fries
French toast
Grilled cheese
Sausage
Milk
Chicken nuggets
Hot dog
Pizza

Cereal
There are many different cereals.
Fruit Loops are colorful.
Apple Jacks are colorful too.
Cap'n Crunch has different colors.
Some cereal flakes are plain.
Rice Krispies make noise.  Snap, crackle, pop.
Some cereals are good with fruit.
Some cereals are square shaped.
Honeycomb cereal has a different shape.
Most all cereals disappear at breakfast.

Problem Solving
Define your problem.
Brainstorm and find the facts.
Come up with possible consequences for each solution.
Action, plan, decide on a solution.
Review your plan.

What Can Dolphins Do?
What can dolphins do?
Dolphins can perform.
Dolphins can throw.
Dolphins can swim backwards.
Dolphins can learn.
Dolphins can make friends.
Dolphins can jump high.
Dolphins can be funny.
Dolphins can smile.
Dolphins can laugh too!
Dolphins can catch.
Dolphins can be gentle.
Dolphins can pose for close-ups.
Dolphins can kiss.
Dolphins can eat lots of fish.

Gregory the Goofy Groundhog
This is Gregory.
Gregory was goofy. He made others laugh.
He loved to tell knock-knock jokes to his friends, Cali and Cocoa, the cats.
He loved singing silly songs most of all! La, la, la!!!!
One day a bad man caught the goofy groundhog. He wanted him for a pet!
Oh no!! The man put him in a cage! Let me out!!!
His friends came running to save him when they heard! "Here I come to save the day!"
Man, that was close!! Goofy Gregory is going to stay up here from now on!!

Our F Book
F f
F is for feet.
F is for flag.
F is for Mr. Fansler.
F is for flamingo.
F is for flute.
F is for Mrs. Faulkner.
F is for fawn.
F is for flower.
F is for fox.
F is for Felis.
F is for fireworks.
F is for five.
F is for frogs.
F is for Mr. Franks.
F f

What's Up?
What do you see up in the sky?
Do you see the sun up in the sky?
Do you see clouds up in the sky?
Do you see the moon up in the sky?
Do you see lightning up in the sky?
I see balloons up in the sky.
I see a helicopter up in the sky.
I see snowflakes up in the sky.
I see gulls up in the sky.
There is so much to see...
up in the sky.

Hello Kitty!
This is Hello Kitty stuff.
There are laptops that have Hello Kitty on them.
Cars have Hello Kitty pictures on them.
Even motorcycles have Hello Kitty on them.
Sewing machines have Hello Kitty on them.
There are car keys with Hello Kitty on them.
Toasters print Hello Kitty on the toast!
There are Hello Kitty cell phones.
This is a picture of Hello Kitty.

To See if Fat Grams are Healthy or Not
If you eat too many fat grams, it is bad for you.
75 grams of fat is bad for you.
12 grams of fat is better than 75 grams of fat.

The Monopoly Game
Monopoly is a board game.
This is Art Monoploy.
Monopoly has game pieces.
Monopoly money.
There are many Monopoly games.
Transformer Monopoly.
Nintendo Monopoly.
Shane wants to buy this 007 game.
Shane collects monopoly games.

An Alligator
This is an alligator.
Alligators are green.
The alligator has a green eye.
Alligators walk.
The alligator is sitting on the grass.

Chimpanzees of Africa
Chimpanzees live in Africa.
This is Africa, where the chimpanzees live.
This is a rainforest in Africa, where the chimpanzees live.
Chimpanzees like to play and live in groups.
Chimpanzee moms and babies stay together for 2 years.
Chimpanzee hands look like human hands. Our thumbs are longer though.
Chimpanzees can walk on two legs.
Most chimpanzees like to walk on their feet and arms.
Chimpanzees eat vegetables and leaves.
They also use leaves to make "beds" in the trees for sleeping!
Chimpanzees live in the rainforests of Africa in groups.

Snow
Snow is white, and snow is cold.
When it snows in the winter, I like to shovel.
I like to play in the snow.
Sometimes I like to build snowmen at my house.
When it snows a lot, we stay home from school.  I like when we have snow days.
I like to throw snowballs at Samantha.  But it's just a game, and she will not get hurt.
Sometimes when it snows, I like to go outside.
And sometimes I like to stay warm inside and drink hot cocoa.
Snow is fun.

Australian Animals
The koala is covered with fur and eats eucalyptus leaves.
Pelicans are big birds with feathers and they can fly. They eat fish.
Green tree frogs are amphibians. They eat small insects.
Cockatoos are large birds. They eat fruit and seeds.
Echidnas are monotremes, egg laying mammals.
Wallabies are marsupials. They have a pouch where their baby joeys live.
Snakes are reptiles. They are covered in skin, which they shed. They lay eggs.
The Platypus is a monotreme. They live in water and lay eggs.

Beaut Food
I like going to McDonalds...
where I enjoy a hot coffee,
and a great berry muffin.
I also like to go to a Chinese restaurant for a meal,
and have a strawberry parfait for sweets.
Chocolate cake is a favorite of mine.
You can do great things with lollies.
Apple pie is yummy.
I can cook pancakes.

Winter Clothes
My mittens.
My hat.
My scarf.
My snow pants.
My boots.
I am ready for winter!

Fruit
Fruit
I like strawberries.
I like blueberries.
I like bananas.
I like apples.
I like oranges.
I like fruit salad. Yummy!

Curious are the Eyes!
Eyes are the gateway to the soul.
Journey with me into an exploration of expression...
through visions of imagination and delight.
I see you. Do you truly see me?
Imagine, if you will, the shifting world of one face to another.
Would you wonder if I gazed at you through the eyes of animation?
Would you like me better if my gaze was furry?
Would you dare look at me cloaked within the night?
I will gaze at you with an infant's wonder and surprise.
My journey is amazing; filled with curious might!
My gaze is a magical illusion of sight.
I have many stories.
I give you silly expressive eyes filled with wisdom.
I have journeyed to the other side of imagination.
I have seen gazes of dimensional wonder.
Colorful eyes to tease and confuse you.
They say beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.
Look into my eyes, if you can, and you will see...
that wisdom lives in many shapes and sizes! Just look into my eyes.
My journey has just begun. I see you!

Exotic Reflections
Sleeping, waiting for the sun to rise.
Dreaming of PARADISE.
Getting closer...
Do you hear the waves from the swishing tails of dolphins?
Ahoy! Land in sight!
Can you smell the ocean?
The bluest of ocean blues.
Think of the creatures...a turtle maybe?
Relaxed?
Can you feel the sticky sand between your toes?
Caution! Coconut alert!
Are you pregnant? Because you're a little on the chubby side!
Hey, keep the volume down!!!!
No exceptions!
What are you lookin' at?
Can you 'spot' the kitty?
Hello out there!
Now that is what I call exotic!
This piece wins silver.
Holding up the sun after a LONG day.

NHL Players
NHL Players
Take a deep breath and play YOUR game.
No pressure, but WIN THE GAME!
That's it, SKATE!
The best players at the All-Star game.

Pets
Pets
Pets go to the vet.
This pet is at the vet.
Vets love pets.
Pets can go on a jet.
His pet did not go on a jet.
Some pets like to go on jets.
Many pets do not like to go on jets.
This is my pet.
My pet met a new friend.
Pets like to play.
Pets are fun!

Making Pizza
First, knead the dough.
Then, add the oil.
Sprinkle flour.
Add tomatoes.
Sprinkle cheese.
Put it in the oven.
Time to eat.

Go, Car, Go!
Drive the car.
Up! Up! Up!
Down the ramp.
Ready set...go!
Go again.

Fruit
I like fruit.
I like apples.
I like strawberries.
I like grapes.
I like bananas.
I like cherries.
I like oranges.
I like fruit!

Connor Plays Football
Football is fun.
A football is brown and shaped like an oval.
I like to kick the football.
I like to throw the football.
I like to catch the football.
Football makes me strong.
Football is awesome.
I like to play football.
I like to make a touchdown.
Football is cool.

What I Like...
I like lots of things.
I like to wiggle my toes.
I like to wiggle my nose.
I like to wave my arms.
I like to put my arms up.
I like to put my arms down.
I like to open and close my mouth.
I like to clap.  Do you see someone clapping?
I like to reach for my marbles.  What is this guy reaching for?
I like the colors of all my marbles. What color do you like?
I like my dog, Buddy.  Do you know any dogs?
I like Mary's cats, Lucy and Dude.  Do you know a cat?
I like to hear a baby laugh.  Do you know any babies?
I like to roar like a tiger.  ROAR!
I like to stomp my feet like an elephant.  STOMP!  STOMP!
I like to play like a gorilla.  It can be so funny.
I like to close my eyes and rest.
I like to wave.  Someone is waving goodbye!

Vayle is Playing Special Basketball
The basketball is orange, round, bouncy, bumpy and has black stripes.
You bounce the ball and then throw it in the net.
There are a lot of kids on the court.
There are blue and white jerseys.
Shoes are squeaking on the floor and people are yelling.
The court is big and has big hoops.
The game has started and my team is winning.
The buzzer went off and the game is over.
We won the game.
We get special drinks, special snacks, and we get prizes.

Football is Isaac's Favorite Sport
Football is like a parade.
Football is like a fun gym game.
In football, my favorite position is quarterback.
The football looks like a lemon, but it's brown and bigger.
When I throw the football, it feels like a skipping stone.
Football is the greatest sport ever.

Tricia's Cool Cars!
This is a really fast car.
This is a really slow car.
This is a really dirty car. It needs to be washed.
This is a really clean car. It just got washed.
This is a really BIG car.
This is a really small car.
This is a really colorful car.
This is a really pretty car.
This is a really ugly car.
There are so many different cars!

Fun Football
A football is as brown as tree bark.
Football is not fun when you get hurt.
Football is fun when you get to throw the ball.
Football is fun when you catch the ball.
Football is fun when you get a touchdown.
Football is fun when you get an interception.
There are 4 quarters in a football game.
Football is fun when you kick the ball.
Football is fun!!!

Gymnastics is Fun
My favorite sport is gymnastics.
My favorite thing is doing the splits on top of the bars.
Gymnastics makes me feel very hyper.
The best thing is jumping into foam pits.
When I hear the word gymnastics, I think of the bars  bending like a crescent moon.
The best is watching the Olympics.
Gymnastics is the best sport ever.

Daniel's Soccer Team
A soccer ball looks like a checkerboard.
A soccer ball is hard to balance on.
A soccer ball is round.
A soccer ball hurts when it hits you in the face.
Soccer is a fast running sport.
A soccer ball is easy to kick.
It is fun when you score on the other team.
It is not fun when the other team scores on you.
You need shin guards to play soccer.
It is fun to kick hard.
The soccer ball looks like a ref's shirt.
There are different kinds of soccer fields.

Emily Dances
You can do many things by dancing.
You can exercise by dancing.
Dancing can make you famous.
Dancing can make you strong.
Dancing is graceful.
Dancing is also fun.
Dancing can be fun for everyone!
You can dance at home.
You can dance at the park.
You can dance at dance class.
You can dance at the food court.
You can dance anywhere!

Liza Likes Gymnastics
Gymnastics is Liza's favorite sport.
You can do flips.
It makes her happy.
It is really fast.
You can meet other people.
You wear cute outfits.
She likes to hang on the bars.
She likes to jump on the trampoline.
You can stand on your hands.
Gymnastics is a fun sport.
The End!!!!!!

The Girl Who Liked to Dance
Once upon a time, there was a girl who liked to dance.
The girl's name was Tina.
She was 7 years old and in second grade.
Tina liked to wear her pink ballet dress.
Tina liked all dances, but her favorite was ballet.
Tina always won first place.
Tina has always been a ballet dancer and always will be.

Gymnastics is Fun!
The coolest trick is a back flip.
Gymnastics is fun because you can do cartwheels.
Somersaults are really fun.
On the bars you can flip like crazy.
Jumping on the trampoline and doing tricks is really cool.
Jumping and going under all of the foam squares is lots of fun.
It is fun doing splits on the balance beam.
The Olympic gymnasts are really cool to watch.
Gymnastics makes you feel happy.
THE END!!!!

The Many Dances
I like dance. Dance is really fun.
Dancing recitals make me feel happy. They also make me a little nervous!
My favorite type of dance is jazz. I like to practice jazz.
Another type of dance is ballet. Ballet is very hard.
A dance move I like is called pirouette. The pirouette is very hard.
You also need dance shoes.
Dancing can make you tired. Drink lots of water!
There is also dance clothes. The costumes look really pretty.
Dancing is one of my favorite things to do.  I love dance.

How to Make a Sandwich
How To Make a Sandwich
First, you get the bread.
Then, you get the peanut butter and jelly.
Next, you spread the peanut butter and jelly onto the bread.
You cut the bread.
Last, you eat your peanut butter and jelly sandwich!

Happy
This toy is happy.
This lady is happy.
This girl is 
happy.
This clown is happy.
This cupcake is happy.
This dog is
happy.
This man is happy.

Spaghetti Crazy
First, you cook ground beef.
Second, you get a pot and fill it with water.
Third, put the pot on the stove and boil the water.
Fourth, put the spaghetti noodles in the pot and cook them.
Fifth, you drain the water out of the noodles.
Sixth, put the noodles back into the pot, add spaghetti sauce, and ground beef.
Seventh, stir the spaghetti and make sure that it is done.
Last, serve the spaghetti and eat it.

Sharks
There are many sizes of sharks.
The tiger shark eats smaller fish.
The shark has very sharp teeth.
The whale shark is the biggest shark in the ocean.
This is a white tip meat shark.
The safest shark is a toy shark!
This shark is looking for food.
The shark is coming for you! Better swim fast.

Dinosaurs Living In Our Time
Dinosaurs lived millions of years ago.
They had sharp teeth.
They were dangerous.
There were long necked dinosaurs.
There were prey and predators.
Baby dinosaurs come from eggs.

Animals
This is a sheep.
This is a cat.
This is a dog.
This is a lion.
This is a baby and a cat.

Snowball Fight
The boy has a huge snowball.
It was snowing snowballs out of the sky!
A guy is trying to block the snowball.
The boy was attacked by a flying snowball!
Ha, I got you!!
Oh yeah, well, there is 
nowhere to hide!!

Farm Animals
Cows live on a farm.
Sheep live on a farm.
Horses live on a farm.
Chickens  live on a farm.
Baby  pigs  live on a farm.
Goats live on a farm.

Basketball
This is a basketball.
This is a stadium.
The dancing team.
The team.
Jordan slam dunk.
Another slam dunk.
He has a big hand.
The hoop.

Frogs Around the World
Frogs like to eat small stuff.
All frogs are different.
Frogs are used for different stuff.
Baby frogs are called tadpoles.
Some frogs stick to walls.
Frogs love lily pads.
Frogs live by ponds.
Frogs like to be in shady spots.
Some boys like frogs.
Frogs like to play.
Dead frogs smell bad.
Frogs are curious.
Frogs live where they can blend in.
This frog wants dinner.
Now that's a huge frog.
Frogs are every where.

Visions of Space
As I gaze above
I rejoice and embrace the
brilliance of the night sky.
How it feels, how it feels
adventurous delight.
How it feels, how it feels
out of time, out of tune
rewind and focus
our past comes back to play.
Rebirth, how it feels
songs from space
delight in the future, rejoice how it feels!

The Gymnastics book.
The Gymnastics book.
Gymnastics is a fun sport!
Gymnastics is fun because you can do flips.
You can do splits and summersalts.
Gymnastics is fun because you can do backflips.
You can do cartwheels and stretches.
Soccer is not as fun as gymnastics is! In gymnastics you can meet new friends.
Gymnastics is hard work.
Some gyms have pits you can jump into.

Brooke Plays Basketball!
A basketball looks like an orange.
A basketball makes a loud dribbling noise.
Basketball is like carrying a watermelon.
A basketball game is the sound of people screaming.
Basketball is the best sport ever.

Groundhogs are Really Neat
Groundhogs are really neat.
In the Spring they date a mate.
You can also find me in trees.
My home is a burrow.
My cousin is the Squirrel.
We like to play and have fun.
I can move around 700 pounds of dirt in a day.
People use me to tell the weather.
My special day is on Feb. 2.
People love to celebrate it.
I am just plain cute.
The End.

Bear's Day Out.
Bear loves to play in the snow.
Hooray, it's a cold and snowy day.
Bear wants to play outside. What does bear need to put on?
Here is bear's coat.
Put your coat on.
Uh oh, cold feet. What goes on bear's feet?
Here are bear's boots.
Put your boots on.
Uh oh, cold hands. What goes on bear's hands?
Here are bear's mittens.
Put your mittens on.
Uh oh, cold head. What goes on bear's head?
Here is bear's hat.
Put your hat on.
Hey bear, don't forget your scarf.
Bear is ready to play outside.
Have fun in the snow bear!

Animal Alphabets
A is for Anaconda.
B is for Bear.
C is for Cat.
D is for Dog.
E is for Elephant.
F is for Fish.
G is for Gorilla.
H is for Horse.
I is for Iguana.
J is for Jaguar.
K is for Kangaroo.
L is for Ladybug.
M is for Mouse.
N is for Newt.
O is for Octopus.
P is for Parrot.
Q is for Quail.
R is for Rabbit.
S is for Shark.
T is for Tiger.
U is for Umbrette.
V is for Vulture.
W is for Whale.
X is for Xenops.
Y is for Yak.
Z is for Zebra.

My Favorite Bands
This is Dragonforce They are the best band in the whole world.
My second favorite band is Metallica.
My third favorite band is Iron Maiden.
My fourth favorite band is Judas Priest.
My fifth favorite band is Skid Row.
Someday I want my own Metal band.

Cars
Get married in the morning.
Flying over the bridge.
Vroom. Vroom.
Caution 15. Caution 15.
Vroom. Vroom
We're lost!
I know I parked it in here somewhere.
Flying under the bridge.
Vroom. Vroom.
Beep, beep.
I know the restaurant is around here somewhere! I'm not lost!

Dallas Cowboys
The Dallas Cowboys are my favorite team in the NFL.
They have won the Super Bowl many times.
The Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders are hot.
The Cowboys stretch before the game.
The fans go wild when they come out on the field.
The kickoff is exciting!
They score!
The Cowboys are superstars.
They love to win.
World Champions!

Barnyard Songs
Barnyard Songs
"Oink, oink", says the pig.
"Mew, mew", says the cat.
"Moo, moo", says the cow.
"Baa, baa", says the lamb.
"Neigh, neigh", says the horse.
"Cock-a-doodle-do", says the rooster.
"Hee haw", says the donkey.
"Maa, maa", says the goat.
"Arf, arf", says the dog.
"Honk, honk", says the goose.
"Gobble, gobble", says the turkey.

A Snowy Snowman
Snow.
Snowman.
Snow.
Snowman.
Snow.
I see snow outside.
I see a snowman.
I see footprints in the snow.
What do you see?
I see snow.
What do you see?
I see a snowman.

Ice Cream
Ice Cream
There are many ways to eat ice cream.
Ice cream goes in cones.
Or in dishes with fruit.
You can share your ice cream.
You can eat your ice cream from a stick.
You can put candies on your ice cream.
Or make an ice cream sandwich.
You can even drink your ice cream.
Ice cream can be colourful.
Or sometimes it is just brown.
How do you eat your ice cream?

School Buses
Where do the school buses go?
This school bus is going to the city.
This school bus is going to pick up children.
This school bus is driving on the snow.
This school bus is driving next to the flowers.
These school buses drove to the parking lot.

Four Seasons
There are four seasons.
Winter is cold.
It can snow during Winter.
It rains a lot during the Spring.
This makes the flowers bloom.
Summer is very hot.
I like to go to the beach during the Summer.
The leaves change colors during Autumn.
Then they fall to the ground.
Then we start our four seasons over again.

The  Black  Cow  Rail  Race
The black cow rail race.
We watch the black cow rail race at the station.
In the morning, you will wait with your class.
The bus takes us to the station.
Who will drive? Miss Heriton?
We will see the trains.
We will hear the trains.
We will smell the trains.
And the trains will start at the starting line.
Don't worry. They won't go too fast.
The trains will win the black cow rail race.
Don't forget to bring money for the total railroad.
It's fun watching the trains.
But at the end of the day, You will stay home.
And talk about trains.

Games
These are DS games.
There is all sorts of game's for ds.
You learn to play all of them.
Some are hard some are easy.
At least you're having fun.

The Giraffe from Africa
The Giraffe
The giraffe lives in Africa on the Savannah.
The African Savannah has grasslands.
The giraffe lives in a group called a herd.
The giraffe is the tallest animal on land.
He has brown spots.
The giraffe has horns on his head.
This purple sticky tongue helps the giraffe eat.
Here the giraffe eats leaves.
The giraffe has to bend very low to drink!
Boy giraffes are taller than girl giraffes.
Giraffes live in Africa and are very tall!.

Doggies
There are many different kinds of dogs.
This is a Pug.
Some dogs are tiny.
Some dogs are large.
Dogs love to run.
Some dogs look funny.
These are Chihuahuas.
Dogs like to play fetch.
Dogs like to play with each other.

Center Field! (Put me in, Coach!)
Well, beat the drum and hold the phone.
The sun came out today.
We're born again - there's new grass on the field.
A-roundin' third,
and headed for home...
It's a brown-eyed handsome man--anyone can understand the way I feel!
Put me in, Coach!
I'm ready to play today.
Put me in, Coach!
I'm ready to play today!
Look at me, I can be Center field!
Well I spent some time with the Mudville Nine--watching from the bench.
You know, I took some lumps when the Mighty Casey struck out.
So, Say Hey Willie
Tell Ty Cobb
and Joe DiMaggio
Don't say, It Ain't So! You know the time is now.
Put me in, Coach-
I'm ready to play today!
Put me in, Coach-
I'm ready to play today!
Look at Me! I can be--- Center Field!
Got a beat-up glove,
a home-made bat,
a brand new pair of shoes.
You know, I think it's time
to give this game
a ride.
Just to hit the ball
and touch them all...
A moment
in the sun...
(Pop!)
It's gone
and you can tell that one good-bye!

Pierce's Favorite Things
I love video games. There are fun to play.
I love my ipod. I listen to it all the time.
I love apple juice. I love it because it taste really good.
I love sleeping. I love to sleep because it feels good.
I love to watch tv. I love it because it's very entertaining.
I love dogs. I love them because they are cool and fun to play with.
I love Cheetos. They taste really good.
I love playing my bass. I love to learn how to play new songs on it.
I love Bob Marley. His music is the best. It's very relaxing.
I love going to the movies. I love it because it's fun to do with family and friends.

Space Station
Space Station by Jonathan
These seven astronauts are ready for take off.
These astronauts are eating space food.
This is a map of the space station that shows the different parts.
This is the space shuttle docking with the space station.
The space station uses solar power.
Astronauts repair the outside of the space station.
The space station orbits around the earth.

The Baseball Book
This is a baseball stadium.
They are singing the National Anthem before the game begins.
Some baseball games are played at night.
Some baseball games are played during the day.
The pitcher is on the mound.
The batter is hitting the ball.
The catcher is waiting for the ball.
The first baseman is trying to catch the ball.
He is running for home base.

Elephants!
Elephants are wonderful animals!
Elephants are big.
Elephants have a long trunk.
Elephants drink water with their trunks.
Elephants eat grass.
Elephants have big feet.
Elephants have tusks.
Elephants have a tail.
Elephants have baby elephants.
Baby elephants drink their mother's milk.
Elephants poop.
Elephants lie down.
Elephants like the water.

My Weather Book by: Mrs. Long's Class
Weather
Flood - an overflow of water on land.
Storm - strong winds with rain, sleet, hail, or snow.
Condensation- the change of water from a gas to a liquid.
Precipitation - rain, snow, drizzle, hail, or sleet.
Drought - a long period of dry weather when no rain falls.
Temperature - the degree of heat in the atmosphere.
Wind - the movement of air.
Tornado - a dangerous funnel shaped whirlwind that reaches the ground and destroys objects in its path.
Hurricane - a violent storm of wind and rain.
Meteorologist - a scientist who forecasts the weather.
Rain gauge- measures how much water has fallen from the clouds.
Wind vane - points out the direction from which the wind is coming.
Anemometer - used to measure wind speed.
Barometer - used to measure atmospheric pressure.

Naruto Clash of Ninja
Naruto is on a mission.
He buys some explosive Kunai Knives.
Naruto had never been on a mission when he was a kid.
Naruto is glad he's finally on missions.
He finally fights guys, too, and he is proud of it.
He fights now because he is on a mission and it is painful.

The Bowling Tournament
I was in a bowling tournament on Saturday.
I bowled with Alameda Special Olympics.
My friend Michael and I bowled two games.
I came in first place.
Saturday was a good day.

Who is playing in the snow?
Who is making the snowman?
The girl is making the snowman.
Who is holding the snowball?
The boy is holding the snowball.
Who is making a snow angel?
The man is making a snow angel.
Who is sledding?
The mom and the boy are sledding.

A Good Storm
I like a good storm.
I think storms are beautiful.
I like storm clouds.
I like lightening.
I like how lightening can light up the sky.
I like how it can light up the water.
I like a good storm.
Until the rain comes.

Why Read?
Why read?
Reading helps you know what is going on around the world.
Reading helps you learn in school.
Reading is something you can share with friends.
Reading helps you pass time when you are waiting.
Reading is relaxing. You can do it anywhere.
You're never too young to read or look at a book.
There are so many books to read. Where will you start?
Fall in love with a good book. You'll want to read more.

Dr. Martin Luther King
Dr. Martin Luther King was an important African-American leader.
We celebrate a holiday to remember him. This day is the 3rd Monday in January.
He disagreed with the unfair laws to separate white and black people.
Dr. King gave speeches. He spoke before huge crowds of people.
He told them that he dreamed of a day that all people would be treated fairly.
Dr. King led people of all colors in marches. He helped many laws change.
After he died people remembered Dr. King and the things he did.
In 1986, Martin Luther King Jr. Day was first celebrated in the United States.
Today, many schools and offices are closed on this holiday.
We will celebrate his birthday every year.

It Happens Every Day!
Look, there it is.  No matter what it happens every day.
In the country,
and in the city.
At my house,
and at your house.
Hiding behind the clouds.
Can you see the rays peeking through?
It wakes us up... WAKE UP!
And tells us goodnight... GOODNIGHT!
Always rising to give us light.
Have you guessed what it is?   
THE SUN!

Counting with Dimes
One dime equals 10 cents.
Two dimes equal 20 cents.
Three dimes equal 30 cents.
Four dimes equal 40 cents.
Five dimes equal 50 cents.
Six dimes equal 60 cents.
Seven dimes equal 70 cents.
Eight dimes equal 80 cents.
Nine dimes equal 90 cents.
Ten dimes equal one dollar!

Chocolate
Chocolate
Chocolate is one the most popular flavors to eat.
Chocolate comes from the cacao tree which is found in the tropical regions of the Americas.
The seeds from the Cacao pod are used to make chocolate.
There are three kinds of chocolate: dark, milk, and white.
Chocolate can be made into different shapes by pouring melted chocolate into molds and then cooling it into a solid.
There are many different types of molds for chocolate.
Molded chocolate has become tradition on many holidays.
Chocolate bunnies can be found on Easter.
Chocolate hearts can be found on Valentine's Day.
Chocolate money can be found on St. Patrick's Day.
Chocolate Santas can be found on Christmas.
Chocolate chip cookies are undeniably the most popular cookie in America.
Chocolate is the main ingredient in many deserts.
Chocolate is added to milk to make it taste better.
Hot Chocolate warms our bodies in the winter.
Chocolate can even go on pretzels!
Chocolate can go on just about anything!
Can we ever get enough chocolate? Only you can answer that question!

Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day is a holiday that is celebrated on February 14th.
It is a special day for people to express their love for each other.
There are many symbols that go along with Valentine's Day.
People often use the heart as a symbol for Valentine's Day.
Cupid, another symbol, was the god of love and beauty in Roman mythology.
Cupid's arrow was supposed to bring love to whomever was struck by it.
Men and women use this day to show their love to one another.
On Valentine's Day, there are some traditional ways to show the feeling of love.
Giving a special card to someone you love is one  tradition.
Another tradition is giving candy. Chocolate candy is often given as a token of love.
Another way to express love is giving beautiful flowers.
Cute, cuddly, stuffed animals are often given as presents on Valentine's Day.
Candy Hearts have messages for special people.
Cookies, cakes, and cupcakes are often used to celebrate Valentine's Day.
Some people go out to eat on Valentine's Day.
It doesn't matter how you do it.
It doesn't matter where you do it.
It doesn't matter how old you are.
On Valentine's Day, tell someone you love them!
The End

Paleontologists
A paleontologist is a scientist who studies fossils of plants and animals.
A fossil is the preserved, or saved, remains of a plant or animal that lived a long time ago.
A fossil is formed in rock.
Sometimes a whole plant or animal can been seen in the fossil.
Sometimes, only a piece can be seen.
Fossils take thousands of years to form.
Paleontologists often find fossils of dinosaurs!
Paleontologists try to find out what the Earth was like before people were here.
They find fossils by digging.
They need many tools to dig.
They use a pick, shovel, chisel, magnifying glass, and computer.
Paleontologists do some of their work outside. This is where they dig for fossils.
They also work in a laboratory.
A laboratory is a place where scientists study whatever they have found.
We have learned a lot about dinosaurs from the paleontologists!

Bearded Dragons
A bearded dragon is a kind of lizard.
A lizard is a reptile. It has scales and is cold-blooded.
These lizards are keeping warm by basking in the light.
Bearded dragons are great pets!

Alex's My Favorite Things
Metal Mulisha because I want to get sponsored by them soon.
Going to the sand dunes is my therapy.
Tattoos are my way to release anger through drawing.
Playing guitar is relaxing.
'Nuff said.
Food is what keeps you from being hungry.
Friends keep you sane.
Pitt bulls are my favorite dogs.

Frenchy's Favorite Things
I like to watch the drag races because you can feel all the power when they start their cars.
I like the marines because they are the best fighters.
I love music because it helps me think.
I love food 'cuz I have been eating it. my whole life
I love to go to Glamis 'cuz its one big party place.
I love to ride sand rails 'cuz they can go fast.
I love to paint ball because you can shoot people with out killing them.
I like Metal Mulisha because they have the best dirt bikers.
My favorite dog is a bull terrier because they are awesome.
I love to ride dirt bikes because it relaxes me.

Hermit Crabs are Cool!!
Our hermit crab's name is Bob.
Bob is awesome!!
He likes to crawl in grass.
He also likes water.

Zebras
I like zebras.
Zebras like to talk.
This is a rainbow zebra.
This zebra likes to be in a car.
These zebras are called body twins.
This butterfly looks like a zebra.
This zebra is looking at me.
This zebra is going in the water.
This zebra is colorful.
This is a baby zebra.
These zebras ran away.
This donkey looks like a zebra.

Princess
This is a castle.
This dog looks like a princess.
I like princesses.
I like Snow White.
This is Cinderella.
I like the name Belle.
This is Ariel.
I like princess dresses.
I like baby crowns.
This princess has pink hair.
Snow White is pretty.
This is Princess Diana.

Baby animals
These are kittens.
This is a lamb.
This is a baby elephant.
These are baby ducks.
This is a puppy.
This is a baby bunny.

Solar System
Solar System
The planets are in space.
The telescope is on earth.
The astronauts are beside the satellite.
The moon is over the bridge.
The stars are in space.
The sun is in space.
The Earth is in space.
The astronaut is on the moon.

Boar Goats
Boar Goats
I raise Boar goats for FFA.
That is a baby boar goat.
This boar goat is scratching her head.
This is Steamboat my registered boar goat.
These baby boar goats are playing.
This goat is so high.
These boar goats are eating hay.
This baby goat is a sleeping.
These boar goats are waiting for their food.
This is a goat barn, it is big and red.
These boar goats are ramming heads.
These are show goats. They wear these to keep clean before the FFA show.
This is a pasture full of goats eating.
These goats are running to the fence for food.
That's all folks!

The Letter A
This is the letter A.
Apple tree starts with A.
A is for Arm.
Ankle starts with A.
The month of April starts with A.
Ape is an animal that starts with A.
Animals start with A too!
All Done!

Sesame Street
I want to go to Sesame Street.
Grover lives on Sesame Street.
Elmo lives on Sesame Street.
Kermit lives on Sesame Street.
Big Bird lives on Sesame Street.
Oscar the Grouch lives on Sesame Street.
Ernie lives on Sesame Street.
Bert lives on Sesame Street.
I love Sesame Street.

Alan Jackson!
Alan Jackson is a country music singer.
Alan Jackson sings.
Alan Jackson wears a cowboy hat.
Alan Jackson plays guitar.
We love Alan Jackson!

Katie's Favorite Things....
I love writing music it releases my emotions.
Playing the piano is a blast!
Painting is fun.
I love dogs.
I love cats, they are soft and fluffy.
I love singing.
I love to travel.
My bike makes me feel free.
I love cooking.
I love baking.

Ocean Biomes
People live on land. Fish live in the water.
Dolphins live in the ocean.
Plants live in the ocean.
Tiny, Tiny creatures live in the ocean.
Almost all of the world is ocean.
There are reefs in the ocean.
People play in the ocean.
Some oceans are warm.
Some oceans are cold.
Birds get food from the ocean. People do too.

What I like to do when it snows.
I like to make a snowman. Jacob
I like to make snow balls. ELizabeth
I like to go sledding.
I like to have a snow ball fight.
I like to make a snow fort.
I like to have hot cocoa.
I like to have a fire in the fireplace.
I like to stay home.

Word Wall
Anne goes to school everyday.
She exits the school to go home.
On her way home, the car stops at the stop sign.
At home Anne likes to play with balls.
After diiner, Anne watches the sun go down.
Then the stars come up in the sky.
Anne says goodnight to the boy.
Anne says goodnight to the girl.

T-REX!!
T-Rex is a meat eater.
He eats other dinosaurs.
He has big teeth and a big tongue.
T-Rex can eat this plant eater.
T-Rex is big and strong.
T-Rex Bones!
T-Rex is my favorite!
T-Rex has a great big mouth to eat other dinosaurs!

Snow
Snow is white.
Snow is cold.
Snow is wet.
Snow blows.
Snow is beautiful.
Snow is fun!

Franklin the Snowman
Once upon a time, there was a snowman named Franklin.
His friends Sierra, Chloe and Steven were getting ready for Franklin's birthday party.
It was Franklin's birthday and his friends gave him a blue hat.
A gush of wind came and knocked Franklin's hat off his head and he was very sad.
His friends Sierra, Chloe and Steven helped find Franklin's blue hat.
They found Franklin's hat in the forest.
Franklin's friends returned his hat and he was happy again.

What Do Dinosaurs Eat?
Stegosaurus eat plants.
Tricerotops eats plants.
He likes to eat leaves and grass.
Brontosaurus eats plants.
T-rex eats meat.
Raptors eat other dinosaurs.

Kwanzaa
Kwanzaa is an African-American holiday that begins on Dec. 26th that lasts for 7 days.
Kwanzaa is candle time. Candles are put in a candleholder called a kinara.
Kwanzaa celebrates African-Americans working together with dancing, games, and singing songs.
People eat lots of food during Kwanzaa including corn, chicken and vegetables.
Kwanzaa is a time when children receive gifts.

Scary Meat Eaters!!
The T-rex is a meat eater!
Meat eaters have sharp teeth!
Compsognathus eat meat.
Raptors hunt other dinosaurs.
Raptors like to fight.
Triceratops doesn't eat meat. He eats grass.
The Brontosaurs eats plants too.

Meat Eaters!!
The T-rex eats meat!
The T-rex doesn't eat cars.
The triceratops doesn't eat meat. He eats plants.
The T-rex like to fight.
The T-rex has big, sharp teeth!
The T-rex eats other dinosaurs.
The brontosaurs is not a meat eater, he eats plants.

Things We Use In School
We use a pencil at school.
We use colored pencils at school.
We use computers at school.
We use paper at school.
We read books at school.
Do you see a cat at your school? NO!
We use markers at school.
Do you see a monkey at your school? NO!
We play games at school.
Do dogs play games at your school? NO!
We use a clock in school.
Do you ride in a helicopter at your school? NO!
We use tables and chairs at school.
I sit in a chair at school.
Do you ride in a school bus at your school?

Carmelo Anthony
Carmelo Anthony by Tevin
Carmello Anthony is a basketball player for the Denver Nuggets.
He dunks the basketball a lot.
Alan Iverson is on his team.
He can jump really high.
He played for the US Olympic team.
He is my favorite basketball player.
Carmelo Anthony helps his team win.

Our Solar System
Our solar system has 8 planets.
All planets orbit the Sun.
Mercury is the 1st planet from the sun, and smaller than Earth.
Venus is the 2nd planet from the sun, right before Earth.
Earth, our planet, is 3rd.
Mars is red and the 4th planet.
The 5th and largest planet is Jupiter.
Saturn is 6th, with its many rings.
Uranus is 7th from the sun and has 21 moons.
Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune the 8th planet from the sun.
From Earth the planets look like stars.
Telescopes help us see the planets.
At night look up and see the planets in our galaxy.

Dogs, Young and Old
Dogs, Young and Old by Kendall
This is a dutchund puppy.
This is a grown dutchund.
This is a German Shepperd Puppy.
This is an adult German Sheppard.
This is a Husky pup.
This is a full grown Husky.
This is a Rottweiler puppy.
This is a full grown Rottweiler.
Here are both young pups, and their grown mother.

Dragonball Z
Dragonball Z by Joseph
These three are saiyan, a powerful alien that is almost gone.
Goku is turning into Super- Saiyan 2, he has super powers.
He battles evil forces, in search of the Dragonballs.
Goku and Cell are about to battle.
Gokan is turning into a Super-Saiyan 3
Goku is my favorite Dragonball Z character.
Goku is the most powerful Saiyan in the universe.

Ambulance
Ambulance by Brandon
If you ever get into a wreck,
the Ambulance might come to help you.
They make sure you're better,
And can give you a ride to the hospital.
If the hospital is far away,
sometimes they will fly you there.
Ambulances keep us safe.

Street Fighter
Street Fighter by John
Guile is from the USA. He is in the Army.
E. Honda is from Japan. He is a Sumo Wrestler.
Chun Li is from China. She is a secret agent.
Ryu is from Japan. He is a Karate Master.
Zangief is from Russia. He is a Pro Wrestler.
Vega is from Spain. He is a bull fighter.
Street Fighter is my favorite game!

Keys Open Things
Keys Open Things by Sam
Keys can unlock doors.
Keys can unlock cars.
Keys can start the car's motor.
Keys can open locks.
Keys can open treasure chests.
Keys can unlock vaults.
Keys CAN NOT unlock windows!

All About Keyboards
All About Keyboards by Kamarri
A keyboard is a way to make music by pressing the keys.
It takes a long time to learn how to play the keyboard well.
This is a baby grand piano, it's a fancy keyboard.
This keyboard has a neck, and is played standing up, like a guitar.
This is an accordion; it uses air to make the music heard from the keyboard.
This keyboard has two rows of keys; that's a lot of keyboard!
This is an organ. It has four keyboards and pedals that make music too. That's the most keyboards I've ever seen!

Cheeseburger Food Groups
Cheeseburger Food Groups by Jesse
A cheeseburger is perfect. It has all six food groups!
There is oil and eggs in mayonnaise.
The hamburger patty is meat.
The cheese on the burger is dairy.
Tomatoes are in ketchup, and they go on our burger.Tomatoes are really a fruit!
We put lettuce, pickles and onion on hamburgers, and they are all vegetables.
The bun for the hamburger is bread made from wheat.
A cheeseburger has all six food groups in it, that's why it is the perfect food.

Toy Cars
Toy Cars by Uriel
This is a toy school bus.
This is a toy of an ambulance van.
This is a toy bulldozer.
These are toy mail vans.
This is a toy dump truck.
This is a toy army jeep.
This is a toy police motorcycle.
I like playing with toy cars.

Barbies
Barbies by Brianna
I really like Barbies.
Her hairstyles and dresses are always pretty.
They make many different kinds of Barbies, even Jasmine from Aladdin.
Barbie has different dresses for different holidays.
It's no wonder Barbie has been around for almost fifty years.

Date Night
Date Night by Gustavo
When you meet a young lady that you like...
you ask her if she wants to go on a date with you.
You can go sight seeing together.
Or maybe see a movie.
If it's okay with her, you can hold hands.
You can even go dancing!
If she wants to, you can give her a hug when you say goodbye.

My Puppy Jake
I have a puppy.
His name is Jake.
He is a Golden Retriever.
Jake has a sister named Lucy.
They are always together.
They sleep together.
They fetch together.
They jump together.
They run together.
They don't like it when the other one is gone.
I love my dog Jake!

In and On
In and On
The cat is in the bus.
The cat is on the shelf.
The dog is in the water.
The dog is on the bed.
The girl is in the car.
The girl is on the bike.
The cake is in the oven.
The cake is on the plate.
The boy is in the tunnel.
The boy is on the swing.
The cereal is in the bowl.
The cereal is on the table.
The food is in the refrigerator.
The food is on the table.
I am finished with in and on.

Things Stephanie Loves
I love ice cream because it fits in great with hot weather.
I love shoes
because I can mix and match them with different outfits.
I love candy
because it goes great after a big meal.
I love yellow
because it is the color of the sun.
I love hanging out with friends
because they are people who I can tell everything to and express my feelings to.
I love texting
because I can talk to  a lot of people at once.
I love music
because when I'm feeling down all I have to do is listen to music.
I love the movie "Mean Girls"
 because it's a very funny movie.
I love my cats
because they are so cute.
I love coloring 
because I can color anything I imagine.

I Play with Friends at Recess
At school, we have recess in the morning and afternoon. We also have a lunch break.
At recess we go outside to play.
Sometimes I play by myself with my cars.
There are lots of friends to play with outside.
I'll ask "Can I play too?"
It's really fun to play with my friends.
We can be sily and laugh.
We can hang.
We can slide.
We can swing.
We can climb.
There are so many fun things to do on the playground.
It is even more fun to play with a friend or two.
Maybe sometime I could ask a friend to play cars with me.
Or we can play games together,
like soccer.
Recess is so much fun with my friends!

Three Little Words
Do you know this man?
He is a dad.
He is a husband.
And he is a man who loves his country.
He has big ideas.
But he knows the power of little things.
He reached out to all of us.
He told us that change can be good.
He said that we can hope for a better world.
He had a big message made up of three little words.
These are his words.
He said these words over and over again.
He said them to anybody who would listen.
Soon, we began to say the words.
Then, we began to believe them.
In November, we got to pick our new president.
He said, "Yes, we can."
And we did.

Family Portraits
Family portraits are good to have.
They remind you of your history.
And where you came from.
Family portraits show what we have in common.
Getting a good one is hard.
It is easy for something to go wrong.
Like if one person doesn't want to be in it.
Or somebody makes a funny face.
Some families make it look easy.
But the best family portraits aren't the perfect ones.
Because there are no perfect families.
The best family portraits...
show families just as they are.
And that's how it should be.

Wild, Weird, & Wonderful
These are crocs.
So are these.
This is a blackberry.
This is one, too.
You can ride this kind of hog.
But you don't want to ride this one.
That's a cute kid.
Him? Not so much.
Drink it right from the can.
But not from this one.
Words are wild.
Words are weird.
Words are wonderful.

A Busy Saturday
I have a busy Saturday planned.
In the morning I will go bowling at the Alameda bowling alley with Special Olympics.
Then I'll go home and eat lunch.
In the afternoon, my mom and I are going to the city to see a play.
We will park our car near Lake Merritt Station...
...and ride BART.
I hope the weather is nice!

Cars
Cars, cars everywhere!
Yellow car,
green car,
blue car, too!
Red car,
purple car,
orange car, too!
Black car,
brown car,
white car, too!
Cars, cars everywhere!

How do you feel?
Are you happy?
Are you sad?
Are you mad?
Are you excited?
Are you worried?
Are you scared?
Are you frustrated?
How do you feel?

Manatees
Did you see something?
What's THAT?
Oh, it's a manatee.
Manatees are mammals who live in the water.
They eat seaweed and other plants.
They breathe air.
You might see a manatee at an aquarium.
You might see a manatee if you canoe in Florida.
You might even get to visit a manatee.
But manatees are shy.
Manatees are gentle, and slow-moving.
They mostly stay under water, away from people.

Vanishing Point
There's the vanishing point!
Can you see it?
It's down this road.
The vanishing point is an illusion.
Far things look smaller than near things.
The canal looks like it fades into a point.
The tracks seem to converge into a point.
Now can you see the vanishing point?
Look down a long hall for the vanishing point.
Look down a long road for the vanishing point.
It's under the pier.
It's also at the end of the pier.

I Love Snowmen!
Snowmen are cold.
Snowmen are white.
The snowman is my friend.
Snowmen are happy.
The snowmen are waving.
The snowman has a funny hat.
The snowman is melting.
The snowman has a funny face.
Snowmen are so cool.

Sky
What can we see in the sky?
The sun comes up in the morning.
The sky gives us light.
The sky is usually blue.
Sometimes the sky is cloudy.
Sometimes we see lightning in the sky.
Sometimes rain comes from the sky.
Sometimes we see a rainbow in the sky.
The sky can look red.
The sun goes down in the evening.
The moon comes out at night.
The stars also come out at night.

My Zoo Book
My Zoo Book
Lions live in a zoo. Lions have manes and eat meat.
Tigers live in a zoo. Tigers have stripes and eat meat.
Cheetahs live in a zoo. Cheetahs have spots and eat meat.
Bobcats live in a zoo. Bobcats also have spots and eat meat.
Panda bears live in a zoo. Panda bears are black and white and eat bamboo.
Polar bears live in a zoo. Polar bears are white and eat fish and seals.
Bears live in a zoo. Bears are brown or black and eat fish and berries.
Giraffes live in a zoo. Giraffes have spots and eat leaves and grass.
Zebras live in a zoo. Zebras have stripes and eat grass.
Hippos live in a zoo. Hippos are big and grey and eat water plants.
Rhinos live in a zoo. Rhinos are big and eat plants.
Elephants live in a zoo. Elephants are big and grey or brown and eat plants.
Birds live in a zoo. Birds are various colors and eat meat,nuts, and seeds.
Reptiles live in a zoo. Reptiles are various colors and eat different things.
Many animals live in zoos.

I'm a Little Teapot
I'm a little teapot
short and stout.
Here is my handle.
Here is my spout.
When I get all steamed up
then I shout!
Just tip me over
and pour me out.

Spring
Spring is when the world wakes up!
The snow begins to melt away.
Trees ...
and flowers start to bloom
and squirrels come out to play.

My favorite foods
I like to eat a lot of different foods.
Pizza tastes delicious. I love to eat it, all the time.
I love to eat my fruit and vegetables. They are very healthy, and they taste great.
I love to go to a Chinese Restaurant. I enjoy eating the Chinese rice.
My mother and father love to eat seafood. I do not like to eat fish however I love to eat shrimp.
I love to eat soup on a cold, winter day.

Winter Snow
Winter snow is cold.
Winter snow is deep.
Winter snow is white.
Winter snow is quiet.
Winter snow is pretty.

The Way I Flow
I love snowboarding because I am outside and in the snow.
I love the way the music explains life.
I love BMX because it is an amazing sport.
I love parties because they are fun and funny.
I like school because I have to do it.
I love art because I can express my feelings.
I love fffa because it is a fun club after school.
I love video games because they're a way to let things go.
I love vampire books because they're really good!
I love skateboarding because it is a way to get around.

Three Little Kittens
The three little kittens
lost their mittens.
And they began to cry.
Oh mother dear, we sadly fear
our mittens we have lost.
What! Lost your mittens you naughty kittens.
Then you shall have no pie.
Mee-ow mee-ow, Mee-ow, Mee-ow. We shall have no pie.
The three little kittens
they found their mittens
and they began to cry.
Oh mother dear, see here! See here!
Our mittens we have found!
What! Found your mittens
you good little kittens. Then you shall have some pie.
Purr, purr, purr, purr. We shall have some pie.

Summer Time
I love summer time.
I like the beach.
I like playing outside.
I like swimming in the big pool.
I like swimming in the small pool.
I like the park.
I like parades.
I like the splash pad.
And, I really like the slip and slide.

Learn How to Build a Snowman
How to Build a Snowman
Step 1. First, we need our winter things on. Don't forget your boots!
Step 2. Then, you roll a big ball of snow for the bottom.
Step 3. Next, you roll a medium ball of snow for the belly.
Step 4. After that, you roll a small ball of snow for the head.
Step 5. Last, don't forget the nose, eyes, hat and arms! This is how you build a snowman.

All About Maine Coons
Maine Coon cats are bigger than most cats.
When they are kittens their tails may not be fluffy.
When they grow older, their tails become very puffy.
A Maine Coon's paws are very large.
Maine Coons come in different colors.  Some are gray.
Some are orange and white.
They love to be around people...
and sleep in the dirt!
They have a mane like a lion and tufts in their ears.
Maine Coons make great family pets.

Volcanoes
This is a volcano.
Volcanoes can erupt.
Lava, smoke and ash come out of the volcano.
Lava is hot and turns to rock.
There are many volcanoes in the world.
I hope to see a volcano someday.

Pugs!
Everyone knows that Mrs. Norris loves pugs.
Lola is her favorite pug.
Lola has a daughter named Violet.
Lola and Violet like to play.
Lola has a husband named Kauboi.
Lola and Kauboi like to take baths.
Lola is a sweet girl.

The Family Reunion
Children came from all over.
Babies...
cousins...
and pets.
Brady came. He was an entertainer.
Brady brought Chris so no one would be bored.
We made crafts.
We walked on the beach.
We cooked our meals.
We even did a little dancing.
We had so much fun being together.
On our final day, we snapped a few pictures to have a permanent memory.
When it was over, We all went home. We will meet again next year at our fun-filled family reunion.

The Pedosphere or Earth's Land
The earth is covered with two things. First there is land.
Then there is water. People live on land.
Trees grow on land.
Plants grow on land.
There is dirt.
There is mud.
There is sand.
There are rocks.
There are mountains.
There are canyons.
There are forests.
There are prairies.
There are islands.
You can see Earth's land from the sky.
But there is much more water than land on earth.

Puppies
A puppy is very small when it is born.
Puppies grow fast!
Puppies like to play with kids.
Most puppies like water and sand.
When a puppy grows up it is a dog.

Purses are Perfect!
Big purse
Little purse
Pig purse
Cat purse
Mouse purse
Yellow purse
Blue purse
Pink purse
Valentine purse
Blue jeans purse
Cupcake purse
Crocheted purse
Thin purse
Fat purse
Big girl's purse
Little girl's purse

Brandon's book
I love my family. They're more important to me than anything.
I love baseball because it's a fun sport to play.
I love my Nintendo Wii. It's so entertaining.
I love my Guitar Hero World Tour game. It's so fun to play.
I love being a Dallas Cowboys. I am proud to be a Dallas Cowboy.
I love my Subaru Impreza WRX STI. It's my favorite car in the world.
I love the Dodge Ram 3500. It's the truck I plan on getting.
I love my laptop. I've never had one before, now I do.
I love McDonald's. They're food is so good.
I love cheese pizza. It's so delicious.

Sarah Loves Rice
Sarah loves rice.
Sarah's papa makes good rice.
Sarah likes to eat rice at lunch.
Sarah eats rice at dinner.
Sarah likes to talk about rice.
Rice is grown in paddies.
Rice, rice, rice.

A Horse of Course!
Horses eat hay.
Horses eat grass.
Horses drink water.
Horses have babies.
Horses need each other.
Horses run.
Horses go in the water.
People ride horses.
Horses lie down.
Horses jump.
Horses fight.
Horses buck.
Horses rear.
Horses whinny.
Horses pull buggies.
Horses pull sleighs.
Horses race.
What's my favorite animal? A horse of course!

Thunder
I like thunder.
I like lightening.
These clouds are big.
I like to watch thunderstorms.
I like darkness.
Rain comes down.
Thunder clouds make interesting pictures.
Lightening is pretty.
The lightening comes down.

Things I Got For Christmas
I got a four-wheeler to drive in my front yard.
I got a red and gray flip phone to call my Mom with.
I got a fake Indiana Jones Whip to play with.
I got a black spy car to spy on my Mom and Dad.
I got my own lap top computer to go on the Internet.
I got "Snakes and Ladders" to play with my sister.
I got a secret journal that I write in.
I got all these things from under my Christmas Tree.

Making an egg
First you get an egg.
Next you get a bowl and break the egg into the bowl.
Pour a little milk and salt into the bowl.
Now we stir them all together with a whisk.
Put butter into a pan and heat it up.
After that you dump the eggs into the pan.
Stir the eggs and cook them.
Last you eat them.

Daniel's Trains
There are all kinds of trains.
Some are long with lots of cars.
Some bring passengers from place to place.
Some are shiny and new.
Some are old.
Some are really old.
Trains come in different colors, shapes, and sizes.
Here is an orange one.
This one looks small next to the mountain.
Can you count these train cars?
WATCH OUT!!
Here is a green and white train.
What color is this train?
A silver and red train.
This train looks new.
Here is number 924.
This train is old.
Old, old, rusty train.
A working steam engine!
Chuga-chuga choo-choo!!
Here is a very short train to end our book.

Cats
The cat is sleeping on the bed.
The cats are on the ladder.
The cats are trying to walk on the bed.
The cat is yawning.
The cat is looking out the window.
The cat is drinking water.
The cat is playing with the mouse.
I saw a cat in the sink and it made me happy.
A cat is up on a door and it is holding  on.
A cat is in a white ball and she is on the bed.
The cat has green eyes.
The cat is dancing in the house.
The white cat's head is upside down.

What is the Weather Like today?
What is the weather like today?
Look out your window. What do you see?
Is it sunny?
Do you see clouds?
Is it raining today?
What do you think?

The Witch and the King
Once upon a time, a king and queen lived in a beautiful castle.
This is the castle at nighttime.
The king's name is Alex.
The queen's name is Sasha.
One morning, a witch came to capture the king from his castle.
The queen used her ice powers and made it so cold that the witch ran away!
The king and queen lived happily ever after.

What Starts With /G/?
Gull starts with /g/.
Gown starts with /g/.
Gold balls start with /g/.
Guitars start with /g/.
Goat starts with /g/.
Gate starts with /g/.
Girl starts with /g/.
Gas starts with /g/.
Gum starts with /g/.
Gap starts with /g/.
Gumdrops start with /g/, but we ate them all up!

Marty the Zebra
Marty doesn't finish packing up. He is sad.
Marty's friends are having music on the carpet. Marty cries!
His friends want him to hurry, so he can sing.
Marty has a good idea!
Marty hurries to pack up.
Marty joins his friends on the carpet. They sing a song!

Carolina Panthers
Carolina Panthers
The Carolina Panthers are from Charlotte, NC.
This is Bank of America Stadium in Downtown Charlotte.
Players attend training camp in the summer.
Head Coach John Fox gets the players ready each week.
The crowd roars as the Panthers take the field.
There are some crazy fans!
When the Panthers take the field, they dominate!
Steve Smith is a star receiver.
Jake Delhomme is the quarterback.
Goooo Panthers!

African Lions
Lions live in Africa.
This is a boy lion. You can tell by the "mane" or big hair around his head.
This is a girl lion. She is called a lioness.
Here are a lion and lioness.
These are baby lions called "cubs". They have stripes.
Lions live in a group or "pride". A pride is like a family.
Here is a lioness and a cub.
Here is a lion taking care of his family.
Lions are called, "The King of the Jungle".
Lions live in Africa in prides.

A Few of My Favorite Things
I love ice cream on a waffle cone.
I love snowflakes so dainty and small.
I love fireworks bursting in the sky.
I love baseball. Hit, run, slide.
I love kittens. They are playful and cute.
I love puppies. They are so adorable and fluffy.
I love the sound of thunder and the way lightning lights up the sky.
I love roller coasters that go high and fast.
I love the smell of roses and their many vibrant colors.
I love to read books. I love the quiet peacefulness.

I need to blow my nose!!
First, I get a tissue.
Next, I blow my nose.
Then I put the tissue in the garbage.
Last I wash my hands.

Things I Like To Play With.
Joseph's Toys
I like to play with wii.
I like to play with the train set.
I like to play "Deal or No Deal".
I like to play on the computer.
I like to play with play doh.
I like to play with cars
I like to play with Ruby.

Snow
There is snow on the ground.
Here is a scarf.
Here are mittens.
Here is a toque.
Here is a jacket with a hood.
Here is a snowman.
I like to play in the snow.

For Snack
When I am hungry, I could eat a snack.
I could have cookies for a snack.
I could have fruit for a snack.
I could have chips for a snack.
I could have cereal for a snack.
I could have a sandwich for a snack.
I could have crackers for a snack.
I could have juice with my snack.
I could have pretzels for a snack.
I could have milk with my snack.
I could have popcorn for my snack.
I could have soda pop with my snack.
I could have yogurt for a snack.
I could have a granola bar for a snack.
I could have veggies for a snack.
I am hungry for a snack. What could I have?

I Like Japanese
This is a Japanese house.
I really like Japanese food.
I like Japanese dolls.
I love red hair.
This man is cooking.
I love chopsticks.
I love Japanese writing.
This picture looks like Miss Sally.
I love Japanese umbrellas.
This maple tree grows in Japan.

Dr. Martin Luther King
Dr. Martin Luther King
Dr. Martin Luther King was an important African-American leader.
We celebrate a holiday to remember him. This day is the 3rd Monday in January.
He disagreed with the unfair laws to separate white and black people.
Dr. King gave speeches. He spoke before huge crowds of people.
He told them that he dreamed of a day that all people would be treated fairly.
Dr. King led people of all colors in marches. He helped many laws change.
After he died people remembered Dr. King and what he had done and said.
In 1986, Martin Luther King Jr. Day was first celebrated across the United States.
Today, many schools and offices are closed on this holiday.
We will celebrate his birthday on January 19, 2009.
Who was Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.? Was he an important African-American Leader or was he an airplane pilot?
What was his dream about? The freedom of all people or about a car?

Sand
Sand.
Sand comes from rocks.
Water can break down rocks into sand.
Wind can break down rocks into sand.
Even the mountains will someday become sand.
Sand can be different colors.
Sand can be different sizes.
Sand is clean to play with.
You can make castles out of sand.
Have you ever taken a walk in the sand?

Dogs
Dogs are cute.
This is a baby dog.
Baby dogs grow up.
Some dogs have brown eyes.
Dogs can smell you!
This dog has pointed ears.
Dogs have long tongues.
Dogs like to jump.
Dogs know how to swim.
Some dogs like snow.
Dogs like to sleep.
Dogs love people.
Dogs like to do tricks.
Shopping is no fun for a dog.
Dogs do not like to be in cages.
Dogs cannot drive cars.
Santa Dog?
I like dogs.
The End

Fun at Recess
It is fun to play outside at recess.
You can build a snowman.
You can slide on a toboggan.
You can sit in the snow.
You can walk in the snow.
Snow makes me happy.
I love winter.

Colorful Mittens
Colorful Mittens
Tan Mittens
Blue Mittens
Brown Mittens
White Mittens
Bunny Mittens?
Green Mittens
Gray Mittens
Black Mittens
Purple Mittens

Sarah's Bus Ride
Sarah rides the bus to school.
The bus goes through the snow.
The bus stops at the stop signs.
The bus is fun to ride! Woo Woo
Sarah looks out the window of the bus.
Sarah rides the bus home.

Cube World Party!!!
Cube World
Party!!!
Oh, wow these are so cool!
4 Cubes, Hans, Scoop, Slim, and Mic!
Whoa, Cube World Mania!!!
Wow, MORE CUBES!!!
Cube World from Japan!
Soooo many!
Cube World 2 lonely cubes...
These are so fun, go buy them!!
Complete Series 3
A lot of cubes!
TONS of Cube World cubes!!!

Dominique's G Book.
G is for grapes.
G is for gum.
G is for gorilla.
G is for goat.
G is for girl.
G is for glass.
G is for glove.
G is for guitars.

Policemen
Policemen help people.
Policemen keep the streets safe.
Policemen can be men or women.
Sometimes policemen wear helmets.
Policemen drive police cars.
Some policemen ride motorcycles.
Some policemen ride bikes.
Sometimes policemen ride horses.
Policemen have cool cars.
I would like to be a policeman.

Guitars are Fun
Guitars are fun.
Kids love the sound.
My teacher plays the guitar.
I play the guitar.
Guitars come in different colors.
We use our fingers to play the guitar.
We strum the strings.
Sometimes we sing too.

A to I: Alphabet rhyme
A is for APPLE
B is for BAT
C is for the CAT
who sleeps in the hat
D is for DOG
E is for EGG
F is for the FIREMAN
who hurt his leg
G is for GOAT
H is for HOUSE
I is for ICECREAM
that melted on the mouse

Antarctica
Antarctica
Coldest, driest, and windiest continent.
98% is covered by ice.
Six months of darkness.
Ice shelves have no land underneath.
Used for Scientific purposes only.
Scientists live here.
Penguins live here.
Killer Whales live here.
Weddell Seals live here.
Humpback Whales live here.

Czech Republic Agriculture
This is the agriculture of the Czech Republic.
Wheat
Barley
Rye
Oats
Corn
Beet
Potato
Fruit
Vegetables
Grapevines
Cattle
Pigs
Poultry
Carp
This is the agriculture of the Czech Republic.

Birds
Birds are beautiful.
Birds love each other.
Birds like to sing.
They like to play games.
This is how birds take baths.
Birds stick together.

Music
There are many different types of music.
Music is calming.
I like the piano.
Everyone can make music.
Everyone enjoys music.
Even stuffed animals love it.
Cats love music too.
Music can be made anywhere.

Planes
I like planes.
Planes fly high.
Planes fly into the sunset.
Planes fly above the clouds.
This plane is about to take off.
Some planes look crazy.
Planes fly everywhere.

All About Tigers
Tigers are pretty.
The tiger is sleepy.
Tigers play games just like you!
Tigers cry too.
They also like to play in the water.
Baby tigers are playful.
Momma tiger is watchful.

Morning, Noon, and Night
It is morning.
In the morning, I get out of bed.
In the morning, I eat breakfast.
In the morning, I get dressed.
It is afternoon.
In the afternoon, I eat lunch.
In the afternoon, I take a nap.
In the afternoon, I like to play outside.
It is night.
I eat dinner at night.
I take a bath at night.
I go to sleep at night. Good night.

Winter Wonderland
It was the first week of January. It had snowed a whole bunch.
I wanted to go outside and play in the yard.
I went to the backyard and saw that our chairs were all covered with snow.
The tree looked magical.
Even the little branches looked like glass.It is my favourite time of year.

What Happens When a Person Dies
This is a cemetery, a place where people who have died are buried.
Have you ever wondered what happens to a person when they die?
This book is about what happens when a person dies.
First, the person or body is sent to a place called a funeral home.
They call it a body because the life (or soul) is gone.
At the funeral home people get the body ready for the funeral service.
One option is to put the body in a container called a casket (or a coffin).
Sometimes the casket is closed.
Sometimes the casket is open.
Another option is called cremation.  The body is burned and the ashes put in a box.
At the funeral service friends and family gather to pay their respects.
They share their stories about the person that died.
As they share memories. Sometimes they laugh...
and sometimes they cry.
After the service the coffin is carried to the hearse (a special kind of car).
The hearse drives the body to the cemetery.
The cemetery is a place where the body will be buried in the ground.
At the top of the grave will be a tombstone.
A tombstone has information about the person (name, birth date, date of death).
Sometimes, after the funeral, family and friends visit the grave.
It is okay to miss someone when they die.
Remember all the good things about them.

Kebo's Shoes
I like shoes.
The shoes are in the tree.
Shoes can be black and red.
Shoes cost many prices.
You can run in these shoes.
Mrs. Bright will like these shoes.
I like different shoes.

Snow
Snow is pretty at night.
People wear coats and gloves in snow.
Ice and snow are on the trees.
The tiger is in snow.
Snow can get deep.
Dogs and cats like snow.
Snow is pretty.
White animals can hide in snow.
The bird is in a snowy tree.
Snow men are happy.
Horses like to run in snow.
The deer licks snow from its nose.
This lady is cold.
Snow dogs have pretty eyes.
The sun shines on the snow.
It is fun to walk in the snow.

Clovers for me and you
Big clover
little clover
three leaf clover too.
One clover
four clovers
many clovers for you.
Fuzzy clover
sharp clover
heart shaped clover too.
Lots of clover for me and you!

Polar Bear Hide and Seek
Polar Bear, Polar Bear,  where are you?
Polar Bear, Polar Bear could that be you?
Polar Bear, Polar Bear  where are you?
Polar Bear, Polar Bear, I think that's you!
Polar Bear, Polar Bear  where are you?
Polar Bear, Polar Bear, what a view.
Polar Bear, Polar Bear  where are you?
Polar Bear, Polar Bear, Polar Bear who?
Polar Bear, Polar Bear  where are you?
Polar Bear, Polar Bear  I found you!

Feelings
I am happy.
I am sad.
I am mad.
I am tired.
I am scared.
I am surprised.
I am me.

All About Trains
Listen to this sound. What do you hear?
You're right. It's a train! Trains are an important form of transportation.
Trains start at train stations where they pick up either...
...people...
...or freight to take from one place to another.
Trains have wheels...
...and ride on tracks.
Trains can be made up of all different kinds of cars.
This is a train engine. It is the first car of the train and where the driver sits. What is a train driver called?
Right! The engineer!
This is the last car of a train. It is called the caboose.
These are tanker cars. They carry liquids.
This is a freight car. It carries heavy items. What is something it might carry?
These are passenger cars. They carry people. Where have you gone on a train?

Rocks
There are rocks all around us.
Some rocks are very big.
Some rocks are very tall.
Some rocks you can climb.
Rocks can be many colors.
Some rocks are green.
Some rocks are pink.
Some rocks are white.
Some rocks are blue.
Some rocks are orange.
Some rocks are black.
Rocks are very cool!

Q and U
This is the letter Q.
Q is usually followed by u.
Qu is for quilt.
Qu is for queen.
Qu is for question.
Qu is for quick.
Qu is for quarter.
Qu is for quack.
Qu is for quiet.
This is the letter Q.
This is the letter U.
Together they make great words.

Outside in the Snow!
Outside in the snow...
I jump in the snow!
I make a snowman!
I go sledding!
I go ice skating!
I go downhill skiing!
I go snow tubing!
I love to play outside in the snow!

What Do I Wear Outside in the Snow?
What do I wear outside in the snow?
I wear a warm jacket.
To keep my body warm.
I wear a warm hat.
To keep my head warm.
I wear warm mittens.
To keep my hands warm.
I wear a warm scarf.
To keep my neck warm.
I wear warm snow pants.
To keep my legs warm.
I wear warm boots.
To keep my feet warm.
I wear all of these things to play outside in the snow!

Counting Fish
1 little...
2 little...
3 little fishes.
4 little...
5 little...
6 little fishes.
7 little...
8 little...
9 little fishes.
WOW! That's too many fish to count!

Be Beautiful
There are some things in the world...
...
...
...
That are too beautiful to explain.
...
...
...
There are some people in the world ...
...
...
...
Who are also beautiful.
Be one of those people.

Fruit Salad
Let's make a fruit salad!
We can put in apples.
We can put in bananas.
We can put in oranges.
We can put in grapes.
We can put in pears.
We can put in blueberries.
We can put in raspberries.
We can put in watermelon.
We can put in kiwi.
We can put in strawberries.
Finally, we can put out our salad for all to enjoy.

Tea Party
This is Emily.
Her birthday is today!
She is having a tea party!
She is ready to drink tea.
Emily is excited to eat her cake.
Emily is very happy to see all of her friends.
Emily wants to open her presents now!
But what Emily is most excited about is...
getting a whole day to spend with her mommy!

Unique Cultures
We all speak different languages.
We all write in different ways.
We all eat different foods.
We all dress in different styles.
We all have different appearances.
We all celebrate different holidays.
We all celebrate in different ways.
Differences are good because they make you unique,
but it is also comforting to know...
that we all smile in the same language!

I Love You
Where can you find love?
You can find it in the sand.
You find it on the walls.
You can find it on Sticky Notes.
You can find it on food.
You can find it on cement.
You can find it on wooden sticks.
You can find it on the sidewalk.
You can find it on the stairs.
You can find it on lockers.
You can find it in the grass.
You can find it on a van.
You can find it on a dumpster.
You can find it on a sign.
You can find it on a card.
You don't have to search for love, because...
love is everywhere.

The Ballerina
This is Olivia.
Olivia is a ballerina.
She loves to dance.
She practices with her class every week.
She practices at home every day.
Soon Olivia will have a recital. She needs to get ready.
She puts on her tutu.
She puts on her ballet slippers.
She puts a ribbon in her hair,
She stretches.
Now she dances in the recital!
The End

Farm Animals
Here is a cow.
Here is a calf.
Here is a sheep.
Here is a lamb.
Here is a horse.
Here is a foal.
Here is a goat.
Here is a kid.
Here is a pig.
Here is a piglet.
Here is a chicken.
Here is a chick.
They all live on a farm!

A Pirate's Life
A pirate ship.
A pirate's hiding place.
A pirate getting eaten.
Jack Sparrow surrounded.
A pirate digging for treasure.
A pirate parked.
Pirates are seeing each other.

Feel the Ocean Breeze
Sailing makes me feel good.
You can feel the wind and the breeze.
You can go many places and see many things.
A big ship can even sail all the way around the world.
And stop at many places.
I can watch the sunrise and set from my boat.
I love to go sailing!

Bubbles
Bubbles, bubbles, I love bubbles.
Round bubbles,
heart bubbles,
colored bubbles too!
Purple bubbles,
blue bubbles, I love you!
White bubbles,
black bubbles,
flowered bubbles too!
Big bubbles,
little bubbles
I love you!

Computers
Computers have become newer and smaller.
They have become part of our lives.
Sometimes we need help and that is called tech support.
Sometimes we get very frustrated!
We can now take our computers everywhere,
and use them for everything.
Everyone likes to use a computer!

My Body
I can see with my eyes.
Here is my ear.
I have two feet.
Here is my leg.
Look at my elbow.
Do you see my knee?
I smell with my nose.
I have two shoulders.
My skeleton helps me to bend.
My muscles help me to jump.

Michael Loves Paperclips
Look at all these colored paperclips.
These look like a dandelion.
Wow! Red paperclips.
More and more paperclips.
Here's my favorite--striped paperclips.
Sometimes I am sad when I don't have any paperclips.
Ooh. Here are some x-rays of paperclips.
I LOVE paperclips!!!

Hearts
Hearts on trees,
hearts on leaves,
hearts in coffee,
and hearts for me!
White heart,
green heart,
pink heart too,
red hearts for me and you!
Animal heart,
hand heart,
food hearts yum,
candy hearts for everyone!

Snow Everywhere!
Snow on the chairs.
Snow on the house.
Snow on the children.
Snow everywhere!
Snow on the car.
Snow on the road.
Snow on the fence.
Snow everywhere!
I love snow!

I Love McDonalds!
I love to go to McDonalds!
I love to eat pancakes!
I love to eat chicken nuggets!
I love to eat french fries!
I love to eat hamburgers!
I love to eat ice cream!
I love McDonalds!

I Like Guitars
I like guitars.
I like to play a guitar.
I like blue guitars.
I like guitar strings.
I like big guitars.
I like cool guitars.
I like to sing with a guitar.

Santa Came To My House
On Christmas eve, we went to bed so Santa would come.
After we were asleep, he came down the chimney.
We left him cookies, and he ate some.
We left him milk, and he drank some.
While Santa was leaving gifts under the tree, he bumped the tree.
OOPS! An ornament broke!
It woke us up when the ornament broke.
Santa hurried out to his sleigh and flew away.
When we woke up, we had candy canes in our stockings.
Santa also left us presents under the tree.
Santa ate cookies, drank milk, broke an ornament, and I got candy and presents!

The Christmas Train
Late one night, we rode the Christmas train to see the giant Christmas tree.
We rode the train for a very long time.
We passed through a forest of Christmas trees with lights.
We even rode by a lake of Christmas lights!
We drank hot chocolate as we watched the lights.
The lights were getting brighter, and we knew we were close.
Then we saw the giant nutcracker. He was so tall!
Then we saw the giant Christmas tree. It was the tallest I've ever seen!

Making a Christmas Tree
First, we pick the perfect tree.
Then we decorate the tree.
We put lights on the tree.
We put ornaments on the tree.
Last, we put a star on top of the tree.
We wrap gifts for our friends and family.
Then we put the gifts under the tree.
Our Christmas tree is very special to us.

The big book of SPIDERS!!!
The big book of SPIDERS!!!
A spider is looking around.
Spiders are crawling on someone's desk!
A spider is thrashing about.
It's a Black Widow...RUN!!!
Did this one just color his teeth?
A vine spider.
CREEPY!!
Another one? They don't stop!!!
Spider eggs.
A spider on a leaf.
Poisonous!!!
Spotted spider.
A spider is eating.
This one is sort of in a forest.
BIG SPIDERS!!!
AAAAHHHHH!!!!

Going to the Hospital
On Friday, I am going to the Hospital.
First we register.
Then the nurse gets to work.
First, she takes my temperature.
Then she takes my blood pressure.
Then I get dressed for surgery.
The doctors work to make me better.
I wake up in the recovery room.
Yay! I am all better now.
Finally, I get to go home!
THE END!

Making Pizza
First make the dough and spin it out.
Next put sauce on the dough.
Sprinkle the cheese on the bread dough.
Put the pepperoni on the cheese.
After that put in the oven at 350 degrees.
Take it out of the oven and let it cool.
Last, eat it!

Bolt
Bolt begins with the letter B.
It is also the name of a little white dog in the Walt Disney Movie, "Bolt."
Bolt is a movie star in Hollywood.
He gets lost.
He meets a black cat,
and a hamster.
Bolt looks for his owner, Penny.
Penny is a little girl who loves him.
Bolt loves her too.
We won't tell you the ending!

Going to a New School
I will take a field trip to River Oaks Elementary School.
I will ride the bus to get there with Ms. Rodriguez.
I will see lots of people there and visit my new class.
I will have a new speech therapist, Ms. Dillon.
I will have lots of fun at my new school.

We Like Christmas!
We like Christmas!
We like Christmas trees.
We like Christmas ornaments.
We like Christmas stockings.
We like Christmas stars.
We like Christmas candles.
We like Christmas lights.
We like Christmas cookies.
We like Christmas candy canes.
We like Christmas gingerbread houses.
We like Christmas presents.
And we really like Santa Claus!

Hot and Cold
The refrigerator is cold.
The stove is hot.
Ice cream is cold.
Hot chocolate is hot.
Iced tea is cold.
Soup is hot.
Pudding is cold.
Cheese fries are hot.
Milk is cold.
Potatoes are hot.
Cool whip is cold.
Oatmeal is hot.
Slushies are cold.
Stew is hot.
Sundaes are cold.
Burritos are hot.
Lemonade is cold.
S'mores are hot.

"T" is for Transformers
This is Ratchet.
Ratchet is an ambulance.
Ratchet is also an autobot.
Ratchet
This is what I want for my birthday.
Ratchet kills decepticons.
Iron Knight is a transformer on an autobot.

Briana's Pizza Book
I love how pizza tastes.
I like the way it looks.
I would like to give my sister a pizza treat.
I would like to try zucchini pizza.
I would like to eat this spinach pizza.
I would like to make a pizza. The people that work here are making the dough.
I love pizza!

A Good Dream
It is New Years Eve
Ken is ill.
He has got a fever.
He has to lie in bed.
No party tonight!
He falls asleep
and he has a dream...
In his dream he sees a beautiful girl.
Ken holds her hand.
He looks into her eyes.
Her smile is so beautiful.
Ken is in love.
The door bell is ringing.
Oh no!!!! I want to sleep! But....
.....It is Katie!!! She wants to visit her best friend.
Ken is very happy!
Together they watch the fireworks.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!

The Lions
The lion is sleeping on a branch.
The baby lion loves her mom.
The lions are growling.
The lions are fighting.
The lions are laying down.
The lions are snuggling.
There is one lion.
There is a cute lion.
The baby lions are fighting.

Christmas Time
We bake Christmas cookies.
We put up a Christmas tree.
We hang Christmas stockings.
We hang a wreath on the door.
We wrap Christmas presents.
We send Christmas cards.
We wait for Santa Claus.
We eat candy canes.
We make a gingerbread house.
We love Christmas time!

The Letter A
A
Angel
Ant
Apple
Ape
Alligator
American flag
Art
The End

Big Bad B Book
Big Bad B
Birthday
Beach
Burger
Butts in bikinis
Baking
Beetle
The End

Dolphins
A dolphin is jumping
A dolphin is swimming
Dolphins are swimming together.
A dolphin is playing basketball.
The dolphins are hugging in the water.
The dolphins are kissing
The dolphins are jumping together.
A dolphin is standing up straight.
A dolphin is swimming with a girl.
A dolphin is eating a fish.
A dolphin is looking at the people.
Dolphins are pretty

Cats
This cat is mad! It is growling.
These three cats are climbing a ladder.
This cat is sleepy. It's yawning.
These two cats are lost. They're looking for their home.
These two cats are playing.
These four cats are drinking their milk.
This cat is walking outside in the snow.
This cat is unhappy. It's meowing loudly.
This cat is sitting on the door.
This cat is jumping.
These two cats are snuggling.
These two cats are playing with bubbles.

Cats
This cat is mad! It is growling.
These three cats are climbing a ladder.
This cat is sleepy. It's yawning.
These two cats are lost. They're looking for their home.
These two cats are playing.
These four cats are drinking their milk.
This cat is walking outside in the snow.
This cat is mean. It's meowing loudly.
This cat is sitting on the door.
This cat is hiding.
These two cats are snuggling.
These two cats are playing with bubbles.

Snow Animals
Animals like to play in the snow.
The wind is blowing the snow on the horses.
The dog is running in the snow.
The dog and the cat are walking with each other in the snow.
The horses are running in a line in the snow.
The rabbit is sitting  by the wall to try to stay warm.
This animal is standing in the snow.
The red bird is sitting on the tree trying to eat.
The cat is walking through the snow.
The tiger is standing in the deep snow.
The deer are running through the snow.
The dog is trying to catch something.
The duck and babies are walking through the snow.
The tiger is taking a rest in the snow.

On the Christmas Tree...
I like to see the Christmas tree.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see ornaments.
I like to see lights.
I like to see stars.
I like to see angels.
I like to see ribbon.
I like to see Santa Claus.
I like to see bubble lights.
I like to see snowmen.
I like to see candy canes.
I like to see garlands.
I like to see reindeer.
I don't like to see broken ornaments fall off the tree!

How to Make a Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich
You need jelly and peanut butter.
You need bread.
Spread the peanut butter on the bread.
Good job!
Spread the jelly on the bread.
Good job!
Put the two together.
Time to eat.
Wait! We need milk!
Okay, time to eat!
That was good!

Anımals
This is a giraffe.
This is a zebra.
This is a funny cow.
This is a wolf.
This is a bear.
This is a swimming bear.
This is a turtle.
This is a cat.
This is a dog.
This is a butterfly.
This is a lion.
This is my favorite anımal.

Barney Book
I love you.
You love me
We're a happy family.
With a great big hug
and a smile from me to you
I hope that...
you love me too!

Things We See at Christmas A-Z
Angel
Bell
Carolers
Drummer Boy
Elf
Fruitcake
Gingerbread
Holly
Icicles
Jingle Bells
Kriss Kringle
Lights
Mistletoe
Noel
Ornament
Presents
Quiet
Reindeer
Star
Tree
Under the tree
Violin
Wreath
Xylophone
Yule Log
Zip jacket

The Hydrosphere Or The Earth's Water
The earth is covered with two things. The first is water.
The second is land.
There is more water than land.
There are oceans.
There are lakes.
There are bays.
There are rivers.
There are ponds.
There are streams.
There are creeks.
There are waterfalls.
You can see the ocean from the sky.
See, the earth is mostly water.

My Mom
My mom is special.
She helps me when I am sick.
She plays checkers with me.
We bake cookies together.
We play with my doll house.
My mom likes to do arts and crafts with me.
We read books together.
I love my mom!

Hank Aaron
Hank Aaron is famous.
He played for the Atlanta Braves.
Hank hit his 715th home run here.
Hank Aaron was a  batter.
Hank Aaron's  total is 755 home runs.
People were cheering for Hank Aaron.
Hank Aaron hit his last home run here.
Hank Aaron is 73 years old.

All About Joey
My birthday is January 17.
I am 14 years old.
I like blue.
I like cows.
I like football.
I like chocolate chip cookies.
I like Speech.
I have a brother.
I have a dog.
I love my grandpa.
I like Step Up 2.

Purple
Purple
The sky is purple.
The flower is purple.
The shirt is purple.
The icing is purple.
The beet is purple.
The water is purple.
The dinosaur is purple.
I like purple!

Does Cameron Like Sports?
Cricket is okay.
Cricket's sometimes cool.
But Cameron also likes surfing..
and swimming in the pool!
Perhaps Cameron likes tennis?
Horses racing in the Melbourne Cup?
Or watching the Olympics,
No more sport! That's enough!
But wait, Cameron likes the soccer,
The socceroos are great.
But the Eagles,
And the Dockers,
They're the best! They really rate!

Gingerbread Houses
We made gingerbread houses today.
We had a lot of candy to decorate the house.
We used icing to decorate the house.
Pretzel windows.
Peppermint windows.
A gumdrop hedge.
Mmmm, lollipop trees.
I like the colors on this one.
A gingerbread tower!
This is my gingerbread house.
It will be a good house for this gingerbread man...
...and all his delicious gingerbread friends!

Weddings
Weddings
The bride and groom are at the wedding.
You can see bridesmaids at a wedding.
A bride is with her groom and parents at her wedding.
You might get to dance at the wedding.
There are groomsmen at a wedding.
There are ring bearers and flower girls at a wedding.
A bride has fancy hair at her wedding.
The bride and groom kiss at their wedding.
The groom's mom and sisters are at the wedding.
Kids have fun at weddings!
There is good food at a wedding.
The bride gets in a fancy car at her wedding.
You might even get to dance with a bear at a wedding!!!

Fun at the Lake
It is fun at the lake.
It is fun to sail at the lake.
It is fun to float in the lake.
It is fun to read at the lake.
It is fun to ski at the lake.
It is fun to play on an inner-tube at the lake.
It is fun to swim in the lake.
It is fun to fish in the lake.
It is fun to take a boat ride on the lake.
It is fun to stand on the dock at the lake.
It is fun to relax on the lake with your sisters.
It is fun to watch the sun set on the lake.

Mona Lisa
The Mona Lisa is a famous painting by daVinci.
It hangs in the Louvre Museum in Paris, France.
It is very popular with museum visitors.
Crowds are around the Mona Lisa all day long.
Making new versions is also popular.
Different colors, but she's still Mona Lisa.
Mona Lisa in circles.
Bits and pieces of Mona Lisa.
These women are dressed in Mona Lisa costumes.
A Mona Lisa gas pump?
Mona Lisa on a curtain of beads.
Mmmm, Mona Lisa Pizza!

Cats
This cat is mad!
These three cats are climbing a ladder.
This cat is sleepy.
These two cats are lost.
These two cats are playing.
These four cats are drinking their milk.
This cat is outside in the snow.
This cat is mean.
This cat is on the door.
This cat is hiding.
These two cats are snuggling.
These two cats are playing with bubbles.

On the Christmas Tree...
I like to see the Christmas tree.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see ornaments.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see lights.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see stars.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see angels.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see ribbon.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see Santa Claus.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see bubble lights.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see snowmen.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see candy canes.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see garland.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see reindeer.
I don't like to see broken ornaments off the tree!

Sushi
Let's go have some sushi.
There are many kinds of sushi.
Aren't they pretty?
California roll is popular.
Nigiri is simple--just fish on rice.
Futomaki is wrapped in seaweed.
Temaki is rolled into a cone shape.
Your sushi will be served with soy sauce.
You may also have ginger and wasabi.
Can you eat sushi with chopsticks?
Yes, you can eat sushi with chopsticks.
Don't do this with chopsticks!

Cheerleading
Cheerleading is a team sport.
You must be in good shape to be a cheerleader.
Cheerleaders must have lots of energy.
You can make a lot of friends when you join a team!

The Grinch
The Grinch lives in a cave.
He doesn't like Christmas.
The Grinch stole Christmas from the Who's.
He stole their stockings.
He stole their presents.
He even stole their Christmas trees!
The Who's celebrated Christmas anyway.
The Grinch felt sad so he brought their presents back.

blade and bonnie's virtues
Caring
Trust
Friendliness
Loyalty
Unity
Trustworthiness
Peacefulness
Kindness
Justice
Patience

k - arrest
Book
Duck
Sock
Rock
Smoke
Bark
Lock
Block
Snake
Truck

/p/ release
ape
cap
cup
map
rope
soup
tap
sleep
step
chop
clap
mop
hop

Contrasting word pairs /t/ and /d/
toe
dough
tie
die
ten
den
coat
code
cot
cod
colt
cold

The star wars clone wars
We are your help.
A Robot world.
Hello I am Mr Fire.
Stop picking on the little ones.
The rocket is blue and white

Fractions
This fraction is forty seven and a half.
This fraction goes 1 quarter then a half then three quarters and the it is one cup.
3 candles out of 12 are not burning,
Kids learning fractions.

I'm Cute
I am like so cute.
Everyone wants to get a shot of my good side.
I don't care, I like to chew on my toys.
What was the question?
SSSHHH I'm waiting to POUNCE!

Contrasting word pairs -/g/ /k/
goat
coat
girl
curl
guard
card
gold
cold
bag
back
dug
duck
pig
wig
pick
wick
glass
class

In the Winter
In the Winter
In the winter I like to skate.
In the winter I like to play hockey.
In the winter I like to dog sled.
In the winter I like to snowboard.
In the winter I like to toboggan.
In the winter I like to ski.
In the winter I like to make snowmen.
In the winter I like to make snow angels.
In the winter I like to make snowballs.
In the winter I like to make snow forts.
In the winter I like to sit by the fire...
and drink hot chocolate. Yum!

I love Pokemon!
I love Pokemon
There are Pokemon planes!
There are Pokemon parades!
There are Pokemon games.
There are Pokemon Cakes
There are Pokemon decorations.
There are lots of Pokemon!

Counting Puppies
One little puppy.
Two little puppies
Three little puppies.
Four little puppies.
Five little puppies.

Lighthouses
Lighthouses are often red and white.
The light warns ships about the rocks.
This ship will be safe because of the lighthouse.
The lights are very bright.
There can be different kinds of light.
Some lighthouses are very small.
Some are very big.
Lighthouse keepers work very hard.
Would you like to live and work in a lighthouse?

Faces
I like faces.
Baby faces.
Old face,
and another old face.
Happy faces.
Angry faces.
Sad faces.
Men
and women.
Surprised faces.
Many, many faces.

BABIES
Can you see my mouth?
Can you see my nose?
Can you see my eyes?
Can you see my hands?
Can you see my feet?
Can you see my tummy?
Can you see my head?
Can you see my cheeks?

We All Sing
We all like to sing
Some of us are quiet.
Some of us are loud
Some of us sing all alone.
Some of us sing with a friend.
Singing makes us all feel good.

La mariquita al revés
Había una vez, en un prado muy grande.
Una mariquita que no sabía ir al derecho.
Se llamaba Basilia.
Encontró a una mariquita que sabía ir al derecho, la enseñó a ir al derecho.
Y la llevó con muchas mariquitas amigas suyas.

LAS AVENTURAS DE BOLICHE Y RUDOLF
Éste es Boliche, el extraterrestre.
Y éste se Rudolf, su amigo.
Un día, un hombre lo secuestró.
Y se lo llevó a una isla sobrenatural y desierta.
Boliche fue con su nave a rescatarlo.
¡Y lo rescató! FIN

Breakfast
I love breakfast.
I like to eat eggs for breakfast.
I love to eat hot tea and doughnuts for breakfast.
I like to eat waffles and fruit for breakfast.
I like to eat doughnuts and chocolate for breakfast.
I like to eat cereal and blueberries for breakfast.
Now I am ready to work.

Sponge Bob Square Pants
Sponge Bob is yellow.
Sponge Bob is square.
Sponge Bob is round?
Sponge Bob is hiding.
Sponge Bob has friends.
Sponge Bob plays with his friends.
Sponge Bob lives in the ocean.
Sponge Bob lives in a pineapple.
Sponge Bob makes crabby patties.
Sponge Bob Rocks!

El perrito
Los amos de este perro no le daban comida y no le cuidaban.
Y como la gente le vio pasar, dijo: me llevo el perro, porque no lo cuidáis.
En su nueva casa el perro era muy feliz.
En la casa había una niña que le cuidaba mucho y le quería.
Y el perro era muy bueno con los amos,porque le cuidaban.
Se hizo mayor y lo siguieron cuidando. FIN

Minnesota Mascots
Minnesota Mascots
The Minnesota Twins have a mascot named T.C.
The Minnesota Vikings have a viking mascot named Viktor.
The Minnesota Timberwolves have a mascot named Crunch.
The newest Minnesota mascot belongs to the Wild.  His name is Nordy!
The U of M has the busiest Minnesota mascot, Goldy.   Here is Basketball Goldy.
Hockey Goldy!
Football Goldy!
Does your school have a mascot?

These are a few of my favorite things.
I love people. Friendship is very important to me.
I love to listen to music.
I love hanging out with my friends.
I love hanging out with my family.
I love taking vacations with my family.
I love relaxing on the beach.
I love food and eating on Thanksgiving.
I love cats.
I love to eat peanut butter cookies.
I love to read Juney B. Jones books.
I love to watch movies; my favorite is 'Stomp the Yard'.
I love watching C.S.I. Miami.
I love our new president.
But most of all, I love my e-pal!!!

I am Thankful for...
I am thankful for school. Elizabeth
I am thankful for watermelon.
Ty
I am thankful for my daddy daddy. Cassie
I am thankful for my family. Jaime
I am thankful for the YMCA.
Jacob
I am thankful for toys. 
J.D..
I am thankful for turkey.
Darius
I am thankful for my health.
Ms. Icenhour
I am thankful for my family.
Mr. Bare

Xylophones for Logan
I LOVE to play xylophones.
Some come in bright colors.
A little girl plays.
A tall man plays.
A wooden xylophone.
Some are made of wood, some are colored.
You play with mallets.
Little boy with a
big xylophone.
There are many bars on the big xylophone.
A man plays on the street.
Men sit on the floor to play.
It's fun to play with friends.
People in a band  play outdoors.
People everywhere play.
A band rests from playing.
When I hit the bars the sound is pretty.
Band instruments ready to play.
Kids must play together.
A xylophone in a bedroom to practice on.
Xylophones have notes just like pianos.
Some girls like to sing with the xylophone.
It's hard work to hold the mallets sometimes.
Practicing is important to him.
She loves the xylophone just like me!

Parts of the Game of Football
American Football
Football has teams.
Football has Umpires.
Football has helmets.
Football has clothes.
Football has shoes called cleats.
Football has plays.
Football has more plays.
Football has lights.
Football has cheerleaders.
Football has huddles.
Football has more umpires.
Football has fans.
Football has winners.
Football has teams.
Football has team buses.
Football has losers.
Football has scoreboards.
Football has more cheerleaders.
Football is on television.
Football has shows.
Football has cheerleader stunts.
Football has fans.
Football has mascots.
Football is in the newspaper.
Football has fields.
Football has more mascots.
Football has tackles.
Football has rings.
College football players must be in college.
Stay in school to play college football.

Where is it?
behind
next to
in front of
in
on
over
under
behind
in front of
next to

A Trip to the Circus
The big circus tent.
The tall ferris wheel.
The yummy cotton candy.
The bright balloons.
The tasty popcorn.
The huge elephants.
The chocolate ice cream.
The brave tightrope walker.
The delicious corn dog.
The roaring lion.
The sweet lollipop.
The flexible acrobat.
The humongous soda.
The dangerous juggler.
The "why did I eat so much" face.
The end of a trip to the circus.

What will you do on the weekend?
What will you do on the weekend?
I will sleep in.
I will ride my bike.
I will play with my dog.
I will play on the computer.
I will watch TV.

Bowling is fun by Errin.
Here is the bowling alley!
This is where the balls sit.
We wear special shoes to bowl.
Make sure to pick a good bowling ball.
Ready set bowl.
The pins don't look too happy.
Yay I did it!
Strike out!

I Like to be a Chef
I like to be a Chef!
I will make a soup.
Mmmm . . .  tasty!
I will make salad.
Mmmm . . . delicious!
I will make pancakes.
Mmmm . . . yummy!
I will make black rice.
Mmmm . . . spicy!
I will make macaroni and cheese.
Mmmm . . . satisfying!
I will make grilled vegetables.
Mmmm . . . mouth watering!
I will make meatloaf.
Mmmm . . . delectable!
I will make drinks and shakes.
Mmmm . . . refreshing!
I like to be a Chef!
I will make dessert.
Mmmm . . . my favorite!
I am a Chef!  I make delicious meals. 
Bon appetit!

GO T.U.!!!
Touchdown!
I love T.U.!
That's who I want to be when I grow up!
Look at all those people!
GO T.U.!!!

Vehicles
This is a fire truck.  What color is it?
This is a school bus.  What color is it?
This is an ambulance.  What color is it?
This is a tractor.  What color is it?
This is a dump truck.  What color is it?
This is a police car.  What color is it?
This is a snowplow.  What color is the snow?
This is a bicycle.  What color is the grass?
This is an airplane.  What color is the sky?
This is a helicopter.  What color is it?

Going Out to Eat
I like to go out to eat.
I can order a cheeseburger.
I can order a pizza.
I can order a sandwich.
I can order French fries with ketchup.
I can order onion rings.
I can order a salad.
I can order a baked potato with cheese.
I can order a chocolate milkshake.
I can order a Coke.
What should I order?

Netball
I like playing netball.
I like to catch the ball.
I like to shoot goals.
I like to pass the ball.
i like to bounce the ball.

Bb says /b/
Baby
Bag
Ball
Beach
Bear
Bed
Bib
Bike
Bird
Boat
Book
Bug

Your Plane Trip
Do you need to fly to another city?
First, you need to buy a ticket.
Then pack your suitcase.
Be sure to put a name tag on your suitcase.
Get to the airport way ahead of the flight.
Find the right terminal for your flight.
Check in at the ticket counter.
The airline will add a sticker to your suitcase.
Look for the monitors to find information.
You might need to go down many hallways.
You might need to wait at the boarding gate.
Find your seat on the plane.
Fasten your seat belt!
Listen to the flight attendant.
You can bring a laptop on the plane.
On some planes, you get drinks and snacks.
Look out the window, see what is below.
Soon, you will feel the plane landing.
Go to baggage claim for your suitcase.
Get a cart if you have a lot of luggage!

The Question Book
This guy puts out fires. Who is it? What are they doing?
This guy can make you laugh. Who is it? How does he feel?
This person works at a school. Who is it? What is she holding?
This guy helps people get well. Who is it? What color is his coat?
This man runs the basketball team. Who is it? What is he holding?
THis guy throws the ball to the batter. Who is it? What is he doing?
This man was president of the Unites States. Who is he? Where is he?
These people keep us safe. Who are they? How many women are there?
This is the president of the United States. Who is he? Where does he live?
This guy works at Disney World. Who is he? What is he doing?
This man grows food for us all. Who is it? What is he riding?
This man will be the next president of the United States. Who is he? What is he wearing?
This man brings gifts to children at Christmas. Who is he? Who is he with?
This guy is on TV. Who is he? How is he feeling?
This is Charlie Brown's best friend. Who is it? What kind of animal is this?

Thailand a fast visit
Welcome to Thailand!
I hope you enjoyed your flight.
I ate the food on board.
I met some of the locals.
I met some of the animals.
I saw some of the temples.
I watched a sunset.
I went fishing.
I saw a Buddah.
And I had a ride.
Where to next? I wonder...

Matter is Everywhere!
Matter is everywhere!
Everything is made of matter.
All matter has mass or weight.
All matter has volume.  It takes up space.
Some matter is light.  It has less mass.
Some matter is heavy.  It has more mass.
Some matter is bigger.  It has more volume.
Some matter is smaller.  It has less volume.
This cotton candy has a lot of volume, but not much mass.
This candy apple has less volume than the cotton candy, but more mass.
There are also different states of matter.
Some matter is solid.
Solids are things you can hold.
Solids keep their shape.
Ice is water made solid.
Some matter is liquid.
Liquids are things you can pour.
Liquids take the shape of what they are in.
Liquids don't keep their shape.
What is the liquid you see here?
Some things are gases.
Most gases can't be seen, but they have mass and volume.
Gases take the shape of what they are in, too.
Steam is water made into a gas.
What states of matter are in these pictures?  Write them down.
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
This picture shows: _______________________
Matter is everywhere you look.

Birds! Birds! Birds!
Blue bird,
red bird,
green bird,
yellow bird,
black bird,
white bird,
orange bird,
brown bird,
gray bird,
new bird,
silly bird,
wise bird,
brave bird,
show bird,
hungry bird,
and love bird!

I'm Thankful For...
I am thankful for
sunny days,
family moments,
good friends,
blessings of nature,
changing seasons,
stormy nights,
the Harvest Moon,
and YOU!
The End

alicia sport
This lady is spinning.
He is going fast.
It is hard to balance.
This lady is running.
She is playing soccer.
He is shooting hoops.
He is going to snow board.
This lady is digging.
They are fighting.

Questions and Answers
What is she doing? She is running.
Where is he? He is in his car.
What is he wearing on his head? He is wearing a hat.
What is he doing? He is bowling.
Where is this? This gym is in a school.
What is this? It is a bike.
What is he doing? He is playing basketball.
Who is reading the book? The dog is reading the book.
What is he doing? He is eating.
Where is she? She is swimming.
Where are you going?

Vehicle Work
The ambulance is taking someone to the hospital.
The fire engine is going to a fire.
The milk tanker is at a dairy farm.
The tractor is on the beach.
The digger is moving the dirt.
The harvester is harvesting the wheat.
The truck is bringing food to the supermarket.
The school bus is bringing the children to school.
The children might like this bus better.

Flowers Are Colourful
Flowers come in many colours
Some are red.
Some are pink.
Yellow sunflowers look happy.
Some flowers are light blue,
or dark blue.
Some flowers are purple,
or violet.
Some flowers are orange,
or white.
Some flowers have two colours.
White and yellow
Red and white
Yellow and pink
Orange and red
Colourful flowers make us happy.

Newfies
Some Newfies are black and white.
Some are brown.
Some are black.
They like to swim.
Some like cats.
Some save dummies.
Some like to ride in boats.
Some like sticks.
All Newfies like people.

The boy is running
It's fun to run.
The sign shows running.
He can't catch me.
They can run fast.
Run, Santa, Run!
I love to run.
The End

Prepositions
Where is the girl sitting?
Where are the people?
Who is in the middle?
Where is the cat?
Where is the red bird?
Where is this girl?
Where is the bridge?
Where are the stairs?
Where are we?
Where is the water?
Where are the woman's arms?
Where is the hand?
Where is her arm?
Where is this bird?
Which train is between the others?
Where is her hand?

BOYS
I see boys!!
The boy is sleeping.
The boy is blowing bubbles.
The boy is sad.
The boy is taking a picture.
The boys are wet.
The boys are happy.
The boy is diving into the water.
The boy is fishing.
BOYS!!

Tractors
What color is this tractor?
What color is this tractor?
What color is this tractor?
What color is this tractor?
What color is this tractor?
What color is this tractor?
What color is this tractor?
What color is this tractor?
What color is this tractor?

The Snowman's Friends
One day it snowed and a snowman was created.
Even Sparky the dog helped make the snowman.
The snowman was sad. He had no friends.
The children were his friends, but he wanted snowman friends.
Then the snowman had an idea, he would have the children make more snowmen.
So the children worked a long time to make many snowmen.
Now the snowman was happy.
He had lots of friends to spend the winter with.

What are they doing?
What is she doing?
Where is he?
What is he wearing on his head?
What is he doing?
Where is this?
What is this?
What is he doing?
Who is reading the book?
What is he doing?
Where is she?
What are you doing?  Where are you?

Anthony's Umbrellas
Umbrellas are in rainbow colours.
Umbrellas are up on the building.
Umbrellas are in the house.
Umbrellas are flying up in the sky.
Umbrellas are talking together.
Umbrellas are in the swimming pool.

The Very Hungry Caterpillar
Once there was a very busy butterfly who laid an egg.
In the light of a full moon,
the egg laid on a leaf.
One sunny morning the egg hatched into a...
very tiny and hungry caterpillar.
He started to look for food, he ate parsley,
parsley,
and more parsley,
some milkweed,
passion vine,
and more passion vine.
Now he was full!
He built a small house called a cocoon, and stayed there for 14 days.
He chewed his way out and became a beautiful butterfly!
Now on to the nectar!

Big!
A tiger is big.
A big wheel.
A big rock.
A big sandwich.
A train is big.
A big house.
A big fish.
Her hair is big.
Her nose is big.
Her belly is big.
She is big.
He is big.
His horns are big.
The end.

Happily Ever After
Once upon a time, there was a castle.  Cinderella lived there.
One day, her friends had a sleepover.
They stayed up late and talked about Prince Charming.
The next day, Cinderella saw Prince Charming!
They danced and had fun together.
They decided to get married.
Cinderella's fairy godmother helped her get ready.
It was a beautiful wedding!
They lived happily ever after!

Pumpkins
I see the orange pumpkins.
I see the green vines.
The pumpkins grow on the vines.
First, you plant the seed in the soil.
Second, the roots grow under the ground.
Third, the stem grows above the ground.
Fourth, the leaves grow.
Fifth, the flower grows.
This is how pumpkin plants grow.
Last, you pick them at harvest and have a feast.

My Sandwich
It has ham.
It has cheese.
It has peppers.
It is on a bagel.
It has lettuce.
It has mayonnaise.
That is my sandwich.

Colors
a rainbow
red sunset
blue ocean
green wall
yellow wall
orange flower
purple bubbles
There are so many colors in the rainbow!

Chris's Trains
Two trains are at the train station.
Two diesel trains are having a rest.
Both trains are going in opposite directions.
All the trains are parked.
The train is waiting to pick up passengers.
This train is going on a trip.
This train is going on a bridge.
This is a very colourful train.
This train has come from a trip.
This Train is on a trip and has stopped at a station.
This train is going through Snow Land.
These trains have parked at base.

Cycle of  Life
Flowers grow in the fields.
The bees spread the pollen.
The seeds form.
The seeds are spread over the field.
The wind helps spread the seeds.
The seeds sprout in the field.
New flowers grow.
The bees fertilize the flowers and seeds form. Now go back to the start of this book!

Buster the Bullmastiff
This is a Bullmastiff.
This Bullmastiff is not friendly.
This Bullmastiff is looking over the fence.
This Bullmastiff looking for me.
This is Buster.
Buster is waiting for me.
Buster is lazy.
This is Buster's son.
This is Buster's daughter.
Buster is going for walk.
This Bullmastiff is taller than Buster.
Buster is a bad dog.

Mission: LEGO
The astronauts come to space camp.
They work really hard.
Say cheese!
They get ready for the moon.
There it is.....................
MISSION SUCCESS!

Bobby Joe
Bobby Joe crosses a stick.
He climbs a hill.
He goes onto a turtles head.
Turtle crossing!
He goes for a swim.
He climbs a tree.
THE END.

Babies
Babies!
Baby ducks swim.
Baby girl eats.
Baby cats sit.
Baby walks.
Puppies sleep.
Baby smiles.
Babies!

Cars and trucks
This truck looks bendy.
The car looks fast.
This car looks cool.
This truck carries cool cars.

Fred Got Out of Bed.
There once was a giraffe named Fred.
Who just laid around in bed.
One day he woke up and said,
I better start moving or I'll soon be dead.
He got up and ran instead.
He tested the wind, to see which way to head.
Then he found his friend, Ned.
Who said, Fred! You're turning red.
I admit, I'm easily led.
Let's eat! There's a tree overhead.

I Like Netball.
I like to play netball.
I like to play with my friends.
I like to throw the ball.
I like to get a goal.
I like to win.

Writing a Letter
I need to write a letter.
I need a pen.
I need paper.
I need to think.
I need to start writing.
I can write lots of different things.
I can do a drawing.
When I have finished, I can write my name.

Kitties
Kitties playing
Kitties fighting
Kitty hiding
Kitties eating
Kitty jumping
Kitty peeking
Kitties cuddling
Kitty kissing
Kitty giving high  five!
Kitty sitting
Night, night kitty!

Gracie's ABCs
A is for apple.
B is for banana.
C is for cookies.
D is for donuts.
E is for eggs.
F is for fish
G is for gum.
H is for hamburger.
I is for ice cream.
J is for juice.
K is for kiwi.
L is for lettuce.
M is for marshmallow.
N is for nut.
O is for orange.
P is for pizza.
Q is for quiche.
R is for rice.
S is for soup.
T is for taco.
U is for upside down cake.
V is for vegetables.
W is for watermelon.
Y is for yogurt.
Z is for zucchini.

Our First Black President
This is Barack Obama.
He is the 44th President of the United States.
This is Michelle Obama. She is the First Lady.
This is the First Family.
This is the President and Vice President.
Meet the Obamas and the Bidens.
Barack Obama and his family live in the White House.
This is the United States of America.

Hair
Everyone has hair.
Hair styles change.
Look at all the different styles.
Which one looks best?
Hair can get wet.
Hair can get dirty.
Hair can look funny.
Hair can look scarey.
Is this what your hair looks like?

We Go Bowling
This is a bowling alley.
Transformers are bowling.
It is fun to bowl.
We bowl with our friends.
Bowling balls are big.
We have to wear bowling shoes.
I can't wait to go bowling.

How To Make a Bird Feeder
"How To Make a Bird Feeder," by Miss Folino's class
First, get some pine cones.
Then, spread the peanut butter on the pine cone.
Next, roll the sticky pine cone in the
seeds.
Finally, tie a ribbon around the pine cone.
Now you have a pine cone bird feeder!
Hang the feeder on a tree.
Watch the birds come eat!
The end

Skateboard Riding by Chris.
This is a good skateboard.
That is a wicked jump.
This jump is dangerous.
He is jumping really high.
This is a colourful jump.
He is riding upside down.
This is a little baby riding the skateboard.
This is a totem pole.
This is a jump.
This is a tall jump.
The skateboarder is doing tricks.

Scary Halloween
The spider can kill.
The dog is funny.
The spider man is wicked.
This picture is scary.
Everyone is dead.
The girl has a boyfriend who is a skeleton.
This is a boy who is dead.
This is a witch.

Look! A...
Look! A dinosaur.
Look! A ball.
Look! A car.
Look! A swing.
Look! A bubble.
Look! Markers.
Look! A baby.
Look! A shoe.
Look! A balloon.

Stinky Armpits
Stinky armpits,
we all have two.
I use deodorant, how about you?
A little dab here.
A little dab there.
Makes the air smell fresh everywhere.
The End

War Eagle!
War Eagle, fly down the field.
Ever to conquer, never to yield.
War Eagle, fearless and true.
Fight on you orange and blue.
Go! Go! Go!
On to victory, strike up the band.
Give 'em hell! Give 'em hell!
Stand up and yell, hey!
War Eagle, win for Auburn,
Power of Dixie Land!

I see a
I see a dog.
I see a bird.
I see a snake.
I see a cat.
I see a fish.
I see a crab.
I see a frog.
I see a turtle.
I see a butterfly.
I see an elephant.
I see a monkey.
I see a squirrel.
I see a cow.

Pumpkins for All
Pumpkins come in all shapes and sizes.
Pumpkins come in different colors, too.
A lot of pumpkins are carved for Halloween.
Pumpkins can also be used to decorate during fall.
Candy is sometimes made to look like pumpkins.
My favorite thing to do with pumpkins is to make a pie!

Trick or Treat
One!  Two!
Two Frankenstein feet tramping, stamping up the street.
Two worrisome, furrysome feet searching for a Halloween treat.
Two more!  Two furry feet hopping, bopping up the street.
Two plus two makes four fearsome feet looking for a Halloween treat.
Here come more!  Two flowery feet skipping, skidding up the street.
Four plus two makes six scary feet walking this way for a Halloween treat.
Yikes!  Two more!  Two Fancy Nancy feet twirling, swirling up the street.
Six plus two makes eight awful feet coming closer and closer for a Halloween treat.
Not two more!  Two monkey feet swinging, swaying up the street.
Eight plus two makes ten terrible feet.
Oh! No! Two bright feet tipping, toeing down the street.
Ten plus two makes twelve silly feet laughing for some Halloween treats.
What's this?  Two Hello Kitty feet screeching, scratching up the street.
Twelve plus two makes fourteen crazy feet giggling for some Halloween treats.
Oh, me! Oh my! Two blue feet strutting, striding up the street.
Fourteen plus two makes sixteen first grade feet begging for some Halloween treats.  Oh, no!  I'm out of candy!
Crazy first grade feet attached to Wonder Kids!

Feelings by Dominique
Having to talk makes me mad.
A birthday party makes me surprised.
I feel loved when my mom buys me french fries.
I feel scared when I go to new places.

Our B Book
basketballs
buttons
baby
boy
balloons
blue bird
butterfly
bugs
bubbles
books
bear

Owning a Horse
HORSES!
You have to have a house for your horse.
You need food for your horse.
And lots of water too.
You must clean up after your horse.
You can become friends with your horse by grooming it.
The FUN part. You can ride your horse!
Having a horse is a lot of hard work, but TONS of FUN!

Up in the Sky
Look up in the sky. I see the clouds.
Look up in the sky. I see the moon.
Look up in the sky. I see the stars.
Look up in the sky. I see the sun.

ABBA
I like Abba.
I like the song SOS.
I like the singing.
I like the dancing.
I like Mamma Mia.
I like SOS the best.

Going to the Theatre
I am going to the theatre.
I think there will be some dancing.
I am going with some of my friends.
We are going to see Mamma Mia.
I think there will be some singing.
I think there will be some good music.
I think Mamma Mia will be great!

Huskies
Huskies have different personalities and features.
This dog has bright blue eyes.
This cute husky is hiding.
This husky is trying to kiss you.
These huskies are sad.
Funny-looking husky!!!
Looking up at you.
It looks like some one stopped.
These are going for a run.
Kissing huskies!!!
They are both loving it.
Goodnight, see you tomorrow.

The Space Travelers
This is the earth.
This is where we live.
Is there anybody out there?
Lets go find out.
What will they look like?
Where will they live?
Will they look like us?
What sort of spaceships will they have?
Will they be better than ours?
Will they work in outer space?
Perhaps we need to travel far to find them.
Maybe we will get a horrible surprise.

The Alicia Book of Cats
Kittens at play.
Getting ready for bed.
Play time.
Who did that?
Who's cute?
What's on tv?
Will you play with me?
Can I borrow your shampoo?
The cat gang.
King of the castle.

Spring Onions
This picture is of gardening fork and spring onions.
This is spring onions with eyes.
I'm growing spring onions in my garden.
I like spring onions.
This is what it look like when it is a baby.
Spring onions are good in stir fry.
This is a pile of spring onions.
These are spring onions and they are getting harvested.
These are spring onions.
Spring onions are good for you.
This bunch of spring onions is on the bench.
This is chopped spring onions.
This is the end of my story.

I Can
We can sleep.
I can sleep.
I can sleep.
I can sleep.
I can sleep.
I can sleep.
We can sleep.
We can sleep.
I can sleep.
We can sleep.

Centi and George
My name is Centi.
I love trees.
I eat leaves.
This is my best friend George.
We live in a beautiful park.
Sometimes we have to hide from Bruno.
Most days we just hang out in our tree.

The Colors of Fall
Red leaves.
Orange leaves.
Yellow leaves.
Brown leaves.
Green leaves.
Purple petals.
Grey skies.
These are the colors I see.

ABC Book - K
K is for Kitten.
K is for Kangaroo.
K is for Koala bear.
K is for Kettle.
K is for Kite.
K is for Kernels of corn.
K is for Ketchup.
K is for Kayaks.

I Am Thankful
I am thankful.
I am thankful for the air I am breathing,
and the water I am drinking,
and the food I am eating,
and the roof over my head,
and my family,
and the toys I am playing with,
and the animals protecting me,
and my friends,
and the clothes I am wearing,
and the warmth I am given,
and a nice warm bed.
I am thankful!

Family
This is a baby girl and her mama.  They are family.
This is a baby boy and his mommy.  They are family.
This family has three sisters, a mom, and a dad. They are family.
These sisters are looking at the ocean.  They are family.
This dad and son show love with a hug.  They are family.
These brothers are sharing a joke.  They are family.
This daddy and daughter are playing.  They are family.
This is a small family.
This is a big family.
This family has a dog.
This family is running on the beach.
This family is waiting for the train.
This family is dressed up for a special day.

Breakfast
Breakfast
Breakfast is the first meal of the day.  You eat it after you wake up in the morning.
What can you eat for breakfast?
You can eat cereal for breakfast.
You can eat oatmeal for breakfast.
You can eat fruit for breakfast.
You can eat yogurt for breakfast.
You can eat waffles for breakfast.
You can eat pancakes for breakfast.
You can eat toast for breakfast.
You can eat a donut for breakfast.
You can eat a cinnamon roll for breakfast.
You can eat a bagel for breakfast.
You can eat a muffin for breakfast.
You can eat bacon and eggs for breakfast.
You can eat hash browns for breakfast.
You can eat a pop tart for breakfast.
You can drink milk for breakfast.
You can drink juice for breakfast.
What do you like for breakfast?

Welcome to Northwest
Welcome to Northwest
This is Mrs. Kiger.  She is our principal.  She runs our school.
This is Mrs. Lemley.  She is our assistant principal.  She is in charge of the buses.
This is Mrs. Coleman.  She is the school secretary.  She passes out tardy slips.
This is Mrs. McQuain.  She is our treasurer.
This is Mrs. Moore.  She is the data manager.
This is Renee.  She is our custodian.  She will do anything for you.
This is Al.  He is also our custodian.  He likes to play tricks on us.
This is Kathy. She is our custodian.  She also drives a bus.
This is Mrs. Reich, our cafeteria manager.  She is also Jayce's aunt.
This is Edith, Vickie, Cathy, and Kay.  They help run the cafeteria.
This is Mrs. Essick.  She is our PE teacher.
This is Mrs. Niver.  She is our librarian.
This is Mrs. Beck.  She is one of our librarians.  She is also Evan's mom.
This is Mrs. James.  She is the art teacher.
This is Mrs. Honaker.  She is our computer teacher.
This is Mr. Henley.  He is our guidance teacher.
This is Mrs. Mitchell.  She is one of our guidance teachers.
This is Mrs. Wall.  She is the speech teacher.
This is Mrs. Mashburn and Mrs. Dennis. They are our resource teachers.  Mrs. Dennis is also Morgan's mom.
This is Miss A. Patterson, a first grade teacher.  You will walk through her room daily.
This is Mrs. Patterson, too.  Her room is right beside ours.
This is Mrs. Turner.  She is also a first grade teacher.
This is Mrs. Randleman.  She has 2 sons here at Northwest.
Welcome from your new first grade friends.

Baby Animals
I see a baby monkey.
I see a baby kitten.
I see a baby pig.
I see a baby cow.
I see a baby horse.
I see a baby bird.
I see a baby elephant.
I see a baby duck.
I see a baby dog.
I see a baby chick.
I see a baby sheep.

I see a dog...
I see a dog sitting.
I see a dog swinging.
I see a dog reading.
I see a dog smiling.
I see a dog running.
I see a dog hiding.
I see a dog sleeping.
I see a dog eating.
I see a dog swimming.
I see a dog drinking.
I see a dog jumping.

Tractor
Let's check out some cool tractors.
Turn the key!
A green tractor.
A red tractor.
A blue tractor.
A tractor on a sunny day.
A tractor on a cloudy day.
A tractor on a snowy day.
A patriotic tractor.
Tractor close-up.
Tractor dial.
Tractor gear.
Tractor parts.
Tractor driver!

My Halloween Book
Halloween is black cats.
It's scary!
Halloween is ghosts.
It's scary!
Halloween is masks.
It's scary!
Halloween is a haunted house.
It's scary!
Halloween is pumpkins.
Boo!

Places
airport
arcade
backyard
beach
cemetery
city
classroom
dentist's office
doctor's office
drug store
farm
gas station
golf course
grocery store
gym
library
movie theater
post office
playground
restaurant
school
swimming pool

Who Likes These Foods?
Who likes these foods?
Who likes eggs? Anthony and Rachael like eggs.
Who likes a sandwich? Brianna likes a sandwich.
Who likes cake? Rachael and Megan likes cake.
Who likes spaghetti? Kahimi does NOT like spaghetti.
Who likes salad? Anthony likes salad.
Who likes pretzels? Kaihmi likes pretzels.
Who likes cookies? Brianna likes cookies. Darricka does NOT like cookies.
Who likes oranges? Megan likes oranges.
Who likes broccoli? Rachael likes broccoli.
Who likes carrots? Kaihmi likes carrots. Darricka does NOT like carrots.
Who likes bread? Megan and Brianna like bread.
Who likes peanut butter? Brianna likes peanut butter. Katie does NOT like peanut butter.
Who likes milk? Kaihmi likes milk. Rachael does NOT like milk.
Who likes popcorn? Brianna likes popcorn.
Who likes apples? Darricka does NOT like apples. Megan likes apples.

Spiders
This is a spider.
Most spiders have 8 eyes.
Spiders have 8 long legs.
They have 48 knees.
That means 6 knees on each leg.
Spiders have 2 body parts.
Spiders can spin webs of silk.
They can catch bugs in their webs.
I think spiders are creepy!  Do you?

Puberty is Growing Up.
This is a baby.
Everyone was a baby once. Even you.
Babies can grow up to be girls,
or boys!
When you are a teenager
you go through puberty.
This can make you a bit crazy!
You could get pimples.
You will grow hair under your arms,
and where your bathers go.
If you are a boy you grow a beard or mustache.
You could grow hair on your chest.
You might get very angry and want to fight people..
or get very sad.
Your family or teachers will talk to you about growing up..
and help you.

Halloween
What do we see during Halloween?
Jack-O-Lanterns!
Witches!
Ghosts!
Candy!
Costumes!
Skeletons!
Bats!
Black Cats!
Spiders!
We see all these things at Halloween!

Kaylea's Beach Book
The beach relaxes me.
I can watch the sunset.
I can play.
I can exercise.
I can watch the waves.
I can make things.
I can sleep.
Most of all I can just be me!

Teamwork
We can do it.
If we work together.
A little bit at a time.
We can accomplish anything.
If we never give up.
Against all odds.
We will succeed!

The Life of Swimming
You can dive.
You can race.
You can jump.
You can dance.
You can splash.
You can relax.
You can win!

Space
I can see the moon.
I can see an astronaut.
I can see a spaceship.
I can see planets.
I can see a satellite.
I can see the sun.
I can see the milky way.
I can see the stars.

Kierra's Book of Dogs
Mom, can I have this dog?
Mom, can I have this dog?
Mom, can I have this dog?
Mom, can I have this dog?
Mom, can  I have this dog?
Oh please Mom, can I have this dog?

The Cars I See
A blue car
A gold car
A red car
A black car
A green car
A purple car
A white car
A orange car
My car!

Taking a Trip
Going to McDonald's.
Get on the bus and take a seat.
Wait patiently until we get to McDonald's.
Order food loud and clear.
Give money to the cashier.
Take your change.
Wait patiently in line for food.
Sit and eat.
Clean up after yourself
Back on the bus.
Back to school safe and sound.

Dogs
This dog is laying down.
This dog is jumping.
This dog is sleeping.
This dog is shaking hands.
This dog is smiling.
These dogs are running.
These dogs are taking a bath.

Christmas
At Christmas, it's fun to build snowmen.
There is so much snow outside this time of year.
I like all the pretty decorations.
I really love to decorate the Christmas tree.
We even get to hang our stockings over the fireplace.
The best part yet is eating candy canes and cookies.

Going to the Pumpkin Patch
We are going to the pumpkin patch!
Pumpkins are made from seeds.
Pumpkins grow in a field.
After I find my pumpkin
I will make a Jack O lantern.

T-Rex
T-Rex is scary.
T-Rex is fun.
T-Rex eats meat.
T-Rex has big teeth.

Marimekko
Marimekko is a Finnish design company.
"Marimekko" means "Mary's Dress" in Finland.
Marimekko is famous for bright fabrics.
Colorful designs.
Bold graphic designs.
Designs are so beautiful they are in museums.
A Marimekko exhibit.
A Marimekko fabric store.
A couch covered in Marimekko fabric.
The same fabric as a dress.
A Marimekko design on rain boots.
The same design painted onto a car!
Look for Marimekko designs in your world!

Halloween Things
We like Halloween things.
Ghosts are silly.
Pumpkins are scary.
Spiders are scary.
Bats are scary.
Skeletons are bony.
Witches are skilled.
Witches look at kids.
Witches use magic.
Halloween candy is delicious!

My Favorite Foods
I like sweet food.
I like crunchy food.
I like fast food.
I like spicy food.
I like tart food.
I like comfort food.
I like hot food.
I like foods just for me.

Disney Princesses
This is Snow White.
This is Alice in Wonderland.
This is Belle.
This is Cinderella.
This is Princess Jasmine.
This is Mulan.
This is Pocahontas.
These are Disney princesses.
Which princess do you want to be?

Jackie in Wonderland
Alice is puzzled.
Alice is pretty.
Alice is blonde.
Alice is walking.
Alice is tired.
Alice is laughing.
This is the Mad Hatter and Alice.
Alice is with Mary Poppins.
Alice is in a tree.
Alice is a doll.
Alice looks mad.
Alice is smiling.
Alice does not want to go.
Alice is flirting.
Alice is walking away.
Alice is with the Mad Hatter.
This is a picture of Alice.
Alice is thinking.
The White Rabbit is on Alice's head.
Alice is dancing.
Alice is outside.
Alice is happy.
Alice looks scared.
Alice is in the dark.
Alice is spinning.
Alice is with a friend at Disney World.
Alice is bowing.
Alice's bow is blue.
Alice is cute.
Alice is writing.
Alice is worried.
Alice is sitting.
Good bye Alice.

THE COLOUR YELLOW
We like yellow roses.
Here is a cute yellow fish.
Here is a pretty yellow sun flower.
This is a cuddly yellow toy.
This yellow car is broken.
Some fruit is yellow.
What a tall yellow lighthouse.
One of the birds is yellow.

A Season Of Pumpkins
I see pumpkins.
Small pumpkins
Colorful pumpkins
Scary pumpkins
Rows of pumpkins
Paper pumpkins
Sparkly pumpkins
Pumpkins just for me!

The Red Bull Air Race
This is a can of Red Bull.
This is the Red Bull air race.
We watch the Red Bull air race at the Swan River.
In the morning, we wait with our class.
The bus takes us to South Perth.
Who will drive? Mr Sugars?
We will see the planes.
We will hear the planes.
We will smell the planes.
And we will feel the planes go past.
We might see the Bell Tower.
We might take some photos.
Don't worry, they won't crash!
We might see a black swan.
We might play some cricket!
We might play soccer.
We might play on the play equipment!
Don't forget to bring money for the sausage sizzle.
It's fun watching the planes.
But at the end of the day we will be tired.
And dream of planes.

E3 Nursery at Claremmont 2008.
Welcome Claremont Nursery.
Lauren said "I'm growing cucumbers in my garden.
We're growing cherry tomatoes & round tomatoes. Mine never grow that big.
Ben is growing Basil in the nursery.
Ben's got a sunflower plant on his desk.
This is a picture of carrots. Alan is growing them in the nursery.
"Welcome to my capsicum garden, said Nathen.
Annalease said, "We are growing two types of pumpkin in the nursery - butternut & normal."
"I've got six heads of lettuce in my garden too", said Annalease.
Mitchell said, "I am growing Spring Onions in my garden."
Regan is growing sweet corn.
My zuccchini are yellow not green.
"I'm growing beans", said James Stokes.
The class is growing tomatoes.
Marigolds
coleus
chives
Parsley
Italian Parsley
Oregano
Dill
Coriander
Thyme
5 in 1 spice
Sage
Mint
The herbs & spices in the pages before this are being grown in our nursery.

Colours.
A blue ball.
A red ball.
A yellow ball.
A green ball.
Blue flowers.
Red flowers.
Yellow flowers.
Green flowers.
Blue shoes.
Red shoes.
Yellow shoes.
Green shoes.
A blue crayon.
A red crayon.
A yellow crayon.
A green crayon.

A to Z Sports
Do you know your sports ABC's?
A is for archery.
B is for basketball.
C is for cheerleading.
D is for diving.
E is for equestrian.
F is for football.
G is for gymnastics.
H is for handball.
I is for ice hockey.
J is for javelin.
K is for kayaking.
L is for lacrosse.
M is for motocross.
N is for nordic skiing.
O is for oina.
P is for paintball.
Q is for quail hunting.
R is for racquetball.
S is for softball.
T is for track and field.
U is for ultimate frisbee.
V is for volleyball.
W is for wrestling.
X is for X games.
Y is for yacht racing.
Z is for zorbing.
Now you know your sports ABC's.
Next time won't you play with me?

Fast, Faster, Fastest
A Mustang runs fast.
A Corvette runs faster.
Michael Phelps swims fast.
A whale swims faster.
Dale Jr. drives fast.
Danica drives faster.
Nascar cars race fast.
Indy cars race faster.
An eagle flies fast.
An airplane flies faster.
The space shuttle is the fastest of all.

Look Mom!
Look Mom, I can race.
Look Mom, I can jump.
Look Mom, I can flip.
Look Mom, no feet.
Look Mom, no hands.
Look Mom, no feet or hands.
Look Mom! See, I can still jump.

Hundertwasser
Come visit some buildings by Hundertwasser.
Hundertwasser was an Austrian artist.
He designed colorful buildings.
Very colorful buildings!
He liked spirals and layers.
He liked curves and stripes.
This is a window by Hundertwasser.
This is the same window from the outside.
Even his bathrooms were different.
No square mirrors here!
This window is made of bottles.
His buildings are fun to see.
Would you like to visit one some day?

I Like Guitars!
I Like Guitars!
I like guitars!
blue guitar
black guitar
brown guitar
I like guitars!
white guitar
red guitar
pink guitar
I like guitars!

My Red Wagon
My Red Wagon
A ball in my red wagon.
Flowers on my red wagon.
Pumpkins in my red wagon.
Kids in my red wagon.
A cap on my red wagon.
My red wagon

Bikes
I like bikes!
the colored bikes
the pink bike
the bike spokes
the bike rack
the fast bike
the old bike
the pretty bikes
the funny bike
I like Bikes!

What and Where Sports
What are they doing? Where are they doing it?
They are playing football in a stadium.
What is he doing? Where is he playing?
He is playing basketball on a basketball court.
What are they playing? Where are they playing?
They are playing soccer on a soccer field.
What is he doing. Where is he doing it?
He is golfing on a golf course.
What is she doing? Where is she doing it?
She is playing tennis on a tennis court.
What are they doing? Where are they doing it?
They are playing volleyball on a beach volleyball court.
What are they doing? Where are they doing it?
They are playing baseball on a baseball field.
What is he doing? Where is he doing it?
He is bowling in a bowling alley.
What are they doing? Where are they doing it?
They are swimming in a swimming pool.
What are these cars doing? Where are they doing it?
They are racing on a race track.
What is he doing? Where is he doing it?
He is riding a bike on the street?
What are they doing? Where are they doing it?
They are racing on a track.

Umbrellas
Umbrellas for shade at the beach.
Will my umbrella keep me dry?
I think I will travel in a plane.
This is a Chinese New Year umbrella.
Red is my favourite colour.
This is an umbrella made from palm fronds.
many colourful umbrellas
walking through the grass with my umbrella
Some people get married under an umbrella.
sharing an umbrella with the family
Who's lost an umbrella?
bar-b-que under an umbrella
Broken umbrellas go in the bin.
Umbrellas can be used in photography.

How Many?
I have eight legs.
How many legs do you have?
I have six eyes.
How many eyes do you have?
I have hundreds of teeth.
How many teeth do you have?
I have four stomachs.
How many stomachs do you have?
I have one tail.
Do you have a tail?

I Can
I can race. Can you?
I can walk the dog. Can you?
I can go fast. Can you?
I can cross the road. Can you?
I can march. Can you
I can shop. Can you?
I can fix things. Can you?
I can meet friends. Can you?
I can crash. Can you?
I can go out. Can you?
I can get on the bus. Can you?
What can you do?

Caterpillars
All caterpillars are big and fat.
Caterpillars are bristly.
They live on leaves.
Caterpillars will eat plants.
They make their cocoon.
Caterpillars hatch out of eggs.
Caterpillars turn into butterflies.

All About Trains
This is Thomas.
Look at this train.
Choo! Choo!
Can you see it coming?
a blue train.
a green train.
Here, comes Percy!
Thomas loves Ethan!
Goodbye Thomas!

Fun With Dogs
Dogs can be a lot of fun!
You can swim with dogs.
You can take dogs on a car ride.
You can play catch with dogs.
You can play hide and seek with dogs.
You can dress dogs in costumes.

Jack-O-Lanterns
Jack-O-Lanterns
happy jack-o-lantern
Sad jack-o-lanterns
scary jack-o-lantern
sunny jack-o-lantern
The End

Witches
Witches
I want to be a witch.
I need a broom.
Witches use brooms to fly.
I need a wand.
Witches use wands for magic.
I need a pointy hat.
Witches always have pointy hats.
I need a cauldron.
Witches use cauldrons for spells.
I need a crystal ball.
Witches use crystal balls to see the future.
I need a black cat.
Witches use black cats to help them.
I will be a witch!
I can't wait for Halloween!

How I Feel
This is how I feel.
happy
I am happy when it is my birthday (and it's coming soon!).
I feel excited when my tooth is loose.
surprised
I feel surprised when someone gives me a new video game.
I feel mad when I can't go to a party because I got in trouble.
sad
I feel sad when I am sick.
I feel frustrated when I don't know how to do a math problem.
I feel sleepy when I stay up too late.
I feel worried when I lose my mom in a toy store.
I feel scared when I'm watching a scary movie like "Goosebumps".
This is how I feel. THE END!

Sports and Equipment
What do you need to play baseball?
a baseball
a bat
players
a baseball mitt.
What do you need to play football?
a field with lines
players
goalposts
a helmet
a referee
What do you need to play golf?
a golf ball
a nice day and a golf course
a golf club
a hole
What do you need to play hockey?
an ice rink
a goalie
a puck
a hockey stick
What do you need to play basketball?
a court
a basketball
a hoop
the right shoes
It would really help if you had Shaq!
What is your favorite sport?

Volleyball is Great
This is the team.
She serves the ball.
She passes the ball.
He sets the ball.
She hits the ball.
She blocks the ball.
She falls in the sand.
The team wins the trophy.

It, Ate, Ock, Ot
The boy jumped over the gate with his skate board!
Don't sit on the banana split!
The flock of geese is in the sky.
This is a baseball mitt.
The boy is in the ball pit.
This man has a lot of hair!
The candles are lit.
This is Spot.
Look at the clocks made out of blocks!
The sock has stripes on it.

Dominique's D Book
D is for desk.
D is for dance.
D is for dog.
D is for deer.
D is for door.
D is for doctor.
D is for dime.
D is for dinosaur.
D is for dentist.

Australia
I can see a kangaroo.
Look! I can see a Koala.
Look! I can see the beach.
I can see a road.
I can see the Australian Bight.
I can see a rock painting.
I can see a man playing the Didgeridoo.
Look! I can see a Red Back spider!
I can see the Australian flag.

My Favourite Kittens
These kittens are play fighting.
This kitten is licking his brother.
This one's name is Bandit.
These kittens look like Trouble and Tigger.
These kittens are looking for food.
These kittens are laying on top of each other.
These two kittens are watching TV.
This kitten is bad.
This kitten is waiting for his mum.
This kitten is sleeping on my bed.
This kitten is lonely.
This kitten is hungry.
This kitten is looking at itself in the mirror.
This kitten is playing with a ball of wool.
Tigger is making my bed.
Tigger is messing up my bed.
This is Sahta Tigger.

braedon
This is a whale.
These are two whales.
This is a whale.
This is a humpback whale.
This whale is doing a back flip.
This whale is showing its teeth.
This whale is doing a front flip.
These dolphins are swimming together.
This whale is splashing.
These whales are together.
This is a white whale.
This shark is waiting to take a whale down.

SEOUL IS......
SEOUL IS WHERE I LIVE.
SEOUL IS A SECRET.
SEOUL IS THE ANCIENT AND THE MODERN.
SEOUL IS ON THE MOVE.
SEOUL IS FULL OF BRIDGES.
SEOUL IS SEOUL TOWER.
SEOUL IS CHUNGYCHEON STREAM.
SEOUL IS CYCLING ALONG THE HAN RIVER.
SEOUL IS AN AMAZING SUBWAY SYSTEM.
SEOUL IS CHEAP TRANSPORTATION.
SEOUL IS ANCIENT PALACES.
SEOUL IS FULL OF MOUNTAINS.
SEOUL IS MOUNTAINS.
SEOUL IS SPRAWLING.
SEOUL IS QUIET.
SEOUL IS HIKING.
SEOUL IS CHANGING.
SEOUL IS WORLD CUP STADIUM.
SEOUL IS THE "FIGHTING" RED DEVILS.
SEOUL IS OLYMPIC STADIUM.
SEOUL IS THE OLYMPICS OF 1988.
SEOUL IS FOOD!
SEOUL IS BIMIMBOB.
SEOUL IS STREET FOOD.
SEOUL IS ME RUNNING.
SEOUL IS TRAFFIC AND POLLUTION.
SEOUL IS SHOPPING.
SEOUL IS PROTESTS.
SEOUL IS HISTORY.
SEOUL IS BUILDING 63.
SEOUL IS NIGHT LIFE.
SEOUL IS WHERE I WORK AND LIVE.
WHAT IS SEOUL TO YOU?

The Skateboard Book
I see the sky.
I see the moves.
I see the dude.
I see the feet.
I see the fall.
I see the dance.
I see the trick.
But, I don't see underwear.

CD Launch
We had a CD launch at school yesterday.
We made a CD with three tracks, called Computer Rage, Friends, and Lazy Days.
We invited our family and friends to see and listen to the songs and buy the CD.
Everyone was excited to hear the three tracks.
We organized the food including the cake Elisabeth made.
Some other treats were chocolates, biscuits, chips, coke, and fruit.
We sold almost all the CD's for $5 each.
The launch was a great success and we all enjoyed ourselves.

Squeak, Squeak, Squeak...Guinea Pig!
There are a lot of guinea pigs.
Some guinea pigs like to live in the bathroom.
Some guinea pigs like to sleep on cats.
Some guinea pigs are Christmas presents.
Some guinea pigs are best buds.
Guinea pigs love to play.
Mommy guinea pigs have piglets.

Look Up and Look Out!
This is Blue.
Blue takes a walk.
Blue is feeling good.
Blue sees a bird.
Blue looks up. Blue should look out.
Yellow does not look out. Yellow looks up.
It looks bad for blue and yellow.
Look at that!
Blue and yellow become green and green.

Our H Book
H
H is for horse.
H is for hat.
H is for house.
H is for Mrs. Harris.
H is for hen.
H is hamburger.
H is for hammer.
H is for Mr.Hopkins
H is hippopotamus.
H is for hair.
H is heart.
H is for Ms. Hokett.
H is for hawk.
H is for harp.
H is for hive.
H is for hay.
H is for hug.
H is for helicopter.
H

My Community Helpers
My Community
This is a policeman.
This is a fireman.
This is a teacher.
This is a doctor.
This is a nurse.
This is a librarian.
This is a mailman.
Community helpers are everywhere.

Horses
Horses can run.
Horses have beautiful eyes.
Horses have friends.
Horses love the snow.
Horses can drink water.
Horses can walk in the snow.
Horses can be different colors.
Horses love people.

Dolphins
My name is Shoaib the dolphin.
I like to jump.
I like to swim with my friends.
I am in the ocean.
We are jumping into the ocean.
I am talking to people.
I play basketball.
Good Bye!
I kiss,too.

Animals Eat Plants
What do animals eat?
What do cows eat?
Cows eat corn.
What do pigs eat?
Pigs eat figs.
What do goats eat?
Goats eat oats.
What do lambs eat?
Lambs eat yams.
What do horses eat?
Horses eat hay of course!

Pets
This pet can swim.
This pet can hop.
This pet can climb.
This pet can dig.
This pet can fly.
This pet can run.
This pet can sit, too.

Spiders!
Spiders can spin webs.
Spiders can be yellow.
Spiders can be black and red.
Spiders can be black and blue.
Spiders can be green.
Spiders can be red.
Spiders can eat bugs.
Don't bug me!

I Like Jumping
I like jumping.
I have been jumping on the grass.
I have been jumping in the water.
I have been jumping in my room.
I have been jumping over the water.
I have been jumping on my skateboard.
I have been jumping into the water.
I have been jumping onto the sand.
I have been jumping over the pipes.
I have been jumping up high.
I have been jumping in a bubble.
I have been jumping just for fun.
I must stop jumping. I am very tired.

What am I?
I am happy.
I am not happy.
I am tall.
I am not tall.
I am hungry.
I am not hungry
I am angry.
I am not angry.
I am wet.
I am not wet.
I am frightened.
I am not frightened.
I am excited.
I am not excited.
I am fat.
I am not fat.
I am alone.
I am not alone.
Where are you?

your body
You can see the whole world.
You can climb the mountains.
You can hold precious things.
You can change your hair.
You can show me if you are happy or sad.
You can hear beautiful music.
You can taste hot stuff.
Your body belongs to you.

At the Beach
Look at the crab at the beach.
Look at the starfish at the beach.
Look at the shell at the beach.
Look at the jellyfish at the beach.
Look at the pelican at the beach.
Look at the seagull at the beach.
Look at the waves at the beach.
Look at the seaweed at the beach.

I went walking
I went walking. What did I see?
I saw a red doll looking at me.
I went walking. What did I see?
I saw a gray hippo looking at me.
I went walking. What did I see?
I saw a yellow duck looking at me.
I went walking. What did I see?
I saw a green turtle looking at me.
I went walking. What did I see?
I saw a lot of toys looking at me.

My Body
My body has many parts.
I have a head. It can think.
I have feet. They can run, walk, and dance.
I have arms. They can lift, hug, and squeeze.
I have hands. They can touch and feel.
I have legs. They carry me places.
I have eyes. They see.
I have fingers. They can pick up things.
I have a nose. It can smell.
I have ears. They can hear.
I have a butt. It can sit.
My body can do many wonderful things.

Things That Make Me Feel Good
I love to play ball.
Dogs are cute.
Balloons are beautiful.
I love to listen to music.
Bubbles make me laugh.
Flowers are pretty.
Nice weather makes me feel good all over.
Nothing tastes better than birthday cake.
I get a wonderful feeling when I am with my friends.
Butterflies are so colorful.
But my favorite thing of all is a great nap!
What is your favorite thing?

Wall-e and friends
This is Wall-e.
I think this is Wall-e walking on the moon.
That picture is Wall-e, his girlfriend & I don't know who the one on the left is.
This picture is of Optimus Prime. That's right.
These pictures are different coloured Autobot symbols. That's it.
This is a picture of forearms.
That's all different transformers.
This picture is of Upgrade. This is part of Ben10.
This is Wildmut and part of Ben10.
That's Cannonbolt. When he rolls up he looks like a cannonball.
It looks like a Ben10 jumping castle.
This picture is of a villain called Kevin11. He's got all the forms of Ben10 aliens. This is the end of my story.

All About Fireworks
The big fireworks shooting out.
Fireworks can be purple.
These fireworks look like fire.
The firework is like a person.
This firework is a love heart.
This firework is like lightening.
This firework is destroying the pirate ship.
The big red flower.

Growing Pumpkins
You would need lots of seeds to grow this many pumpkins.
These are giant pumpkins that grow on a vine.
Pumpkins all start from a seed. Most of them grow bigger than this one.
Some farmers grow this type of pumpkin to enter into shows.
This is a big field of pumpkins. We haven't got enough room to plant this many at school.
This looks like another field of pumpkins.
These are all different types of pumpkins.
These are another lot of pumpkins. They're all different kinds.
This looks good enough to be on the cover of a book.
I didn't know that pumpkins came in all these shapes and sizes.
They are all big pumpkins in a crate at the show.
That's cute little baby in a pumpkin.
This must have taken a lot of work. This is cute and the end of my story.

Christmas Animals
This dog looks like an elf.
This bird is a pretty red robin.
This duck is waiting for Santa.
These kittens are waiting for Christmas to come.
These turkeys are for Christmas dinner.
The three puppies are waiting for Christmas.
The geese are waiting in the snow for Santa.
This cat is a cute Santa.

A Cat's Life
A Cat's Life
The cat is meowing.
The cat is climbing.
The cat is stretching.
The cat is dancing.
The cat is drinking.
The cat is looking.
The cat is fighting.
The cat is hunting.
Yum! Yum! The cat is full!

Halloween
Halloween is pumpkins.
Halloween is a black cat.
Halloween is a spider.
Halloween is cupcakes.
Halloween is costumes.
Halloween is the great pumpkin.
Halloween is candy.
Halloween is a witch.
Happy Halloween!

Dogs
Dogs run.
Dogs ride.
Dogs smile.
Dogs rest.
Dogs watch.
Dogs play.
Dogs pant.
Dogs swim.
Dogs shake.
Dogs chew.
Dogs go on walks.
Dogs do lots of different things.

I Went Walking
I went walking. What did you see?
I see a red doll looking at me.
I went walking. What did you see?
I see a grey hippo looking at me.
I went walking. What did you see?
I see a yellow duck looking at me.
I went walking. What did you see?
I see a green turtle looking at me.
I went walking. What did you see?
I see a lot of toys looking at me.

Halloween Fun!
Here are some ghosts ready for Halloween fun.
Here is a spider ready for Halloween fun.
Here is a black cat ready for Halloween fun.
Here is a jack-o-lantern ready for Halloween fun.
Here is a monster ready for Halloween fun.
Here is a witch ready for Halloween fun.
Here is some candy ready to be eaten by me!

Communities
Some communities are in the big city.
Some communities are out in the country.
Some communities are a small town.
Some communities are near the water.
Some communities have a lot of people.
Some communities do not have a lot of people.
Some communities have food on the corner.
Some communities have empty streets.
Some communities have busy streets.
What is your community like?

Do You Know Pig Latin?
Aces-fay. (Faces)
Ig-pay ace-fay. (Pig face.)
Earded-bay ace-fay. (Bearded face.)
At-cay ace-fay. (Cat face.)
Ow-cay ace-fay. (Cow face.)
Og-fray ace-fay. (Frog face.)
Y-flay ace-fay.
(Fly face.)
Iger-tay ace-fay. (Tiger face.)
Oops.  Too much Pig Latin!

Christmas Joy!
Welcome! I like Christmas.
I like snow.
I like lights.
I like dolls.
I like looking for a tree.
I like holly berries.
I like candy canes.
I like Santa.
Don't forget! I like gifts of food.

My Community
This is where I swim.
This is where I shop.
This is where I slide.
This is where I eat.
This is where I pray.
This is where I play.
This is where I live.
This is where I learn.

On the River
Going to the river.
One on the river.
Two on the river.
Morning on the river.
Afternoon on the river.
Sunset on the river.
Night on the river.
Watch out! In the river!

Guinea Pigs
Guinea pigs are pets.
Guinea pigs like to eat.
Guinea pigs like flowers.
Guinea pigs can have long hair.
Guinea pigs can have short hair.
Guinea pigs like friends.
Guinea pigs like cats.
Guinea pigs are great pets!

I Went to the Zoo
I went to the zoo and what did I see? I saw a giraffe looking at me!
I went to the zoo and what did I see? I saw a lion looking at me!
I went to the zoo and what did I see? I saw a gorilla looking at me!
I went to the zoo and what did I see? I saw a toucan looking at me!
I went to the zoo and what did I see? I saw a peacock looking at me!
I went to the zoo and what did I see? I saw a flamingo looking at me!
I went to the zoo and what did I see? I saw a rhino looking at me!
I went to the zoo and what did I see? I saw an elephant waving goodbye to me!

Christmas Is
Christmas is soft snow.
Christmas is shiny ornaments.
Christmas is hung stockings.
Christmas is bright lights.
Christmas is a merry Santa.
Christmas is hot chocolate.
Christmas is plush reindeer.
Give the gift of Christmas!

At the Zoo
I see a tiger at the zoo.
I see a giraffe at the zoo.
I see a snake at the zoo.
I see an elephant at the zoo.
I see a polar bear at the zoo.
I see a zebra at the zoo.
I see smiling kids at the zoo!

Bats
I see a bat.
I see a bat sleeping.
I see bats flying.
I see bat cookies.
I see bats in a tree.
I see bats hanging.
I see a brown bat.
Bats are all around.

Fall
Fall is pumpkins.
Fall is jack-o-lanterns.
Fall is scarecrows.
Fall is acorns.
Fall is red leaves.
Fall is orange leaves.
Fall is yellow leaves.
I love fall!

Weather is...
Weather
Weather is water.
Weather is evaporation.
Weather is air.
Weather is a thunderhead.
Weather is a hurricane.
Weather is erosion.
Weather is rain.
WEATHER is all around us!

Mammals Cont...
Mammals have hair and fur.
A whale is a mammal even though it does not have fur.
Mammals travel together.
Mammals look for food.
Mammals live in the water too.
Mammals drink milk from their mother.
Mammals are taught to hunt for food by their mother.
You are a mammal too.

Mammals
There are 4,300 species of mammals living on Earth today.
Mammals are warm-blooded.
Mammals have hair. Hair comes in many forms: fur, wool, spines, and bristles.
Female mammals make milk for their babies.
A cheetah is a mammal.
A lion is a mammal.
A rhino is a mammal.
An elephant is a mammal.
A mouse is a mammal.
A meerkat is a mammal.
A horse is a mammal.
Can you name some more mammals?

Frogs, Frogs, Frogs
Some frogs are red.
Some frogs are blue.
Some frogs are yellow and black.
Some frogs are little.
Some frogs are big.
Some frogs sit on a log.
Some frogs hide in a bog.
Some frogs rest on a leaf.
But to see frogs hug is always a treat!

Cats!
Cats like to eat.
Cats like to drink.
Cats like to play.
Cats like to dance.
Cats like to hug.
Cats like to nap.
Cats like to hide.
Cats are funny!

Famous Singers
This is Kenny Chesney.
This is Sugarland.
This is LeAnn Rimes.
Is this Prince?
Is this Elvis?
Is this Tim McGraw?
Is this the Blues Brothers?
This is Barney! I love you.

Bats
Bats are large.
Bats are tiny.
Bats eat fruit and bugs.
Bats are furry.
Bats hang upside down.
Bats can fly.
Bats have wings.
Are bats scary?

Pumpkins, Pumpkins, Pumpkins
I see pumpkins.
I see a white pumpkin.
I see an orange pumpkin.
I see green pumpkins.
I see a cat pumpkin!
I see a big stem.
I see white and orange pumpkins.
I see snow on a pumpkin.
I see two girls holding a pumpkin.
I see a pumpkin in a wagon.
I see a pumpkin. What do you see?

Bugs, Bugs, Bugs
Bugs are long.
Bugs are round.
Bugs are hungry.
Bugs are cars!
Bugs are friendly.
Bugs are busy.
Bugs are scary.
Bugs are dinner!

My Head
My Head
My head has hair.
My head has eyes.
My head has a nose.
My head has ears.
My head has a mouth.
I LOVE MY HEAD!

Sports Stars
This is LeBron James. He plays basketball.
This is a Brett Farve bobblehead. He plays football.
This is Shaquille O'Neal (Shaq). He plays basketball.
This team is the Lakers. Guess what they play?
This is Shaq and a girl. Guess who's bigger!
This is slammin' jammin' Michael Jordan. He used to play basketball but now he is retired.
This is the Celtics cheerleaders. They rock!
This is a Boston Red Sox Fan. He is crazy!
This is the Penn State football team.
This is a statue of Joe Paterno. He coached the Penn State football team forever!
This is Barry Bonds. He is a great batter.
This is the Staples Center. The Lakers and the Sparks play here.
What sport do you like best?

Mr. X's Amazing Yesterday
Mr. X's Amazing Yesterday
Mr. X slept well.
He got up at 6 a.m.
He took a shower.
He got dressed.
He ate a big breakfast.
He read the newspaper.
He went to work.
He finished work.
He left work at 5 p.m.
After work, he exercised.
Then, he ate dinner.
After dinner, he went to bed.
Sweet dreams. Good night, Mr. X!

WHAT IS IT?
What is it?
It is a praying mantis!
What is it?
It is a bee!
What is it?
It is a dragonfly!
What is it?
It is a butterfly!

I Love Horses!
I love horses with spots.
I love horses that run.
I love horses that hug.
I love horses that jump.
I love the horses in my bedroom.
I love riding horses.
I love horses that play soccer.
I love all horses!

Yassy in the Classroom
Yassy is a school kid. This is her classroom. Yassy is dressed up in this picture.
Yassy's friends are nice.
Someone went to see Yassy.
Yassy's not here in this picture.
I'll go into the staff room later.
A teacher let her in the staff room.
You know that Yassy loves the playground?
Yassy had to go up those stairs.
The staff room was pretty cool for her.
Yassy can even go on the computers sometimes.

The Family Puppy
38 more days until I get the family puppy. I think it is a little too long until I get the family puppy.
She is going to be really small when I get her.
My brother thinks that she is not cute, but I think she is cute.
I am already starting to love her!

At Halloween
At Halloween, I see decorated houses.
At Halloween, I see silly cats.
At Halloween, I see silly dogs.
At Halloween, I see funny pumpkins.
At Halloween, I see yummy cupcakes.
At Halloween, I see scary Jack O'Lanterns.
At Halloween, I see lots of costumes.

My dad
Today my dad is going to come. He is going to pick me up in carpool.
He is fun. He plays Wii with me. I have 3 Wii games.
I love my dad.

I Love Kittens!
just hanging around
soft and cuddly
Come on, feed me!
It's a bird! It's a plane! It's super kitten!
Peek-a-boo, I see you!
I love you so much!
Were you running, Mom? Cause this tastes like a MILKSHAKE!
We're looking at you, kitten!

Yassy
Yassy is a school kid. Yassy likes the playground. She loves the playground.
She loves the playground so much.
She looks forward to playing in the playground all day.
She goes in the playground at playtime.
This is her classroom. It has a play corner in it. You can see the desks, can't you? Which desk is Yassy's?
Once another school kid from another classroom arrived to say hello to Yassy.
Once Yassy went to see another class. The teacher said "Hello."
Yassy walked back to her classroom.
'I've come to see you Yassy.'
'Wow'
'It's good.'

I See America
This is the American flag.
This is a hula dancer.
This is a grid iron player.
This is a grizzly bear.
This is an airplane.
This is a Native American.
This is the White House.
This is a hot dog.
This is a totem pole.

Trucks and Cars
I can see a big green truck.
I can see a little red car.
I can see a shiny red fire engine.
I can see a blue race car.
I can see a monster truck with big wheels.
I like trucks.
I like cars.

Flowers
Flowers come in lots of colors.
There are pink flowers.
white flowers
yellow flowers
red flowers
orange flowers
purple flowers
blue flowers
Flowers do come in lots of colors!

Orange Pumpkin
Orange pumpkin! Orange pumpkin! What do you see?
I see a white ghost looking at me.
White ghost! White ghost! What do you see?
I see a green witch looking at me.
Green witch! Green witch!What do you see?
I see a purple monster looking at me.
Purple monster! Purple monster! What do you see?
I see a black bat looking at me.
Black bat! Black bat! What do you see?
I see a yellow moon looking at me.
Yellow moon! Yellow moon! What do you see?
I see YOU looking at me!

Princess  Fun
You're cute.
What a play!
Happy birthday.
These are cute kids.
I'm seven years old.
Look at the princesses.
I'm dancing.
I'm sleeping beauty.
I like barbie dolls.
My name is Maya.
I'm a little princess.

Halloween  Fun
Boo! Did I scare you?
Fall is fun.
This is Orangey Stripe.
Trick or treat! Smell my feet.
You scared me.

Family Time
Be nice.
Smile.
Uh oh! Look what happened! It's a bad flood.
I love swimming.

My Fast Cars
This car is red and shiny.
This car is black and shiny.
The yellow car is a Lotus Esprit.
This car is small, black, and blue.
This car is a jaguar and goes fast.
The red Fiat is small.
This is an old Fiat.

Babies
This is a baby's bedroom. Shhh, the baby's asleep.
These triplet's have just been born. How many are girls, and how many are boys?
This little baby is having a stretch. Reach for the sky!
This baby is having his photo taken. 'Say cheese!'
These babies are tired from their big day out!
Mum and Grandma are holding these babies. They are having their lunch.
This is a toddler. She is not a baby.

Braedon's Favourite Pokemon
My favorite game is Pokemon.
This is all about Pokemon.
This is Pikachu.
This is a Poke ball.
These are Pokemon trainers.
These Pokemon are joining up.
This is Dorgen.
This is a tattoo of the Poke ball.
This is Charizard.
This is Vulpix.
This is Meowth and his friends.
This is Charmander and Piachu.
This is a thunder Pokemon.
This is a water Pokemon.

Old Computers
Computers were not always this small. Let's look at some old computers.
In 1976, the first Apple computer, without a keyboard, cost $666.66.
The first computers did not have color!
The Vic 20 computer used your TV as a color monitor.
30 million Commodore 64 computers were sold between 1982 and 1994.
And then we had the Mac Plus, in 1986.
Before we used disks, computer programs were on tape.
Then, we used 5 1/4 inch floppy disks.
Floppy disks came in lots of colors.
Next, we used 3 1/2 disks.
3 1/2 disks came in lots of colors too!
Disks had programs called software.
Microsoft made lots of software for old computers.
We could even look at pictures on old computers.
After floppy disks, we used CDs & DVDs.
The CDs had software just like the floppy disks.
The End

Emotions
How does she feel? Excited? Happy? Sad?
How does she feel? Sad? Happy? Worried?
How does he feel? Sad? Mad? Silly?
How does she feel? Happy? Sick? Excited?
How does she feel? Sad? Excited? Mad?
How does she feel? Worried? Mad? Excited?
How does this cat feel? Happy? Tired? Excited?
How do these kids feel? Sad? Silly? Worried?
How do you feel? Happy? Sad? Mad? Silly? Tired?

Chickens Everywhere!
colorful chickens
a rooster in the grass
chickens in the snow
chickens standing tall
chickens with slippers
silky chickens
Where am I?
feeding the chickens
more silky chickens
chickens in a cage
Hello!
baby chickens

Where is it?
The dog is under the chair.
The cat is on the shelf.
The cat is in the basket.
The baby is in the basket.
The mouse is on the table.
The rabbit is on the chair.
The cat is on the table.
The woman is under the table.
The bird is on the plate.
The cat is in the bath.
The cat is on the table.
The dog is on the ground.
The baby is in the bath.

My Ss Book
This is my S alphabet book.
S is for snake.
S is for socks.
S is for snow.
S is for soup.
S is for sunflower.
S is for sea.
S is for sailing boat.
S is for singing.
S is for seal.

Harvest
At harvest time farmers collect all the crops.
Autumn is here and the trees are changing colour.
green
red
yellow
The leaves fall from the trees to ...
the ground.
Conkers fall from the trees.
The farmer goes onto the fields...
to collect the wheat...
to make the flour...
and to bake the bread.
Pumpkins are ready.
Apples are picked.
We give and share at harvest.

I See Trains
I see trains!
I see a painted train.
I see an old train.
I see a smoky train.
I see a short train.
I see a snow train.
I see a yellow train.
I see a green train.
I see a Tweetsie train.
I see a night train.
I see a fast train.
I see an S train.
So many trains.  I see them all!

CBI Trip
We looked for things at Publix.
We have many items.
We found ice cream in the frozen foods.
Bananas are a fruit.
We worked like a cashier.
Donuts are NOT a healthy food.

What Can You Do in the Gym
What can you do in the gym?
Can you play basketball?
Can you bounce a ball?
Can you fly?
Can you bowl?
Can you play football?
Can you ride a bike?
Can you jump?
Can you kick?
Can you race cars?
Can you run?
Can you sleep?
No way!

Old MacDonald
Old MacDonald had a farm.
On this farm he had a cat.
On this farm he had a cow.
On this farm he had a frog.
On this farm he had a sheep.
On this farm he had a duck.
On this farm he had a dog.
On this farm he had a horse.
On this farm he had a chicken.
On this farm he had a tractor.
On this farm he had a cow.
On this farm he had a bee.
On this farm he had a turkey.

Dominic's Favorite Game
Basketball players use courts.
Basketball players use balls.
Basketball players use goals.
Basketball players use skills.
Basketball players keep shoes.
Basketball players wear shoes.
Basketball players practice with balls.
Basketball players stand.
Basketball players dribble.
Basketball players guard.
Basketball players jump.
Basketball players dunk.
Basketball players shoot.
Basketball players score.
Basketball players block.
Basketball players love basketball.

We Love Birthdays!
We love birthday cake. It is yummy!
We love birthday parties!
We love birthday presents!
We love ice cream on our birthday!
We love to spend time with our families on our birthday!
We love to spend time with our friends on our birthday!
We love to skate on our birthday!
We love to eat out on our birthday!
I can't wait until my birthday!

The Reds Game
Play ball!
Bronson pitches the ball.
The Reds make a double play.
Adam Dunn smacks one out of here.
It's a home run!
The game is almost over.
The fans cheer.
The Reds win the game!
The fireworks boom!

In the Forest
Look at the tree in the forest.
Look at the frog in the forest.
Look at the moss in the forest.
Look at the butterfly in the forest.
Look at the ant in the forest.
Look at the bird in the forest.
Look at the fairy in the forest.

Families
In a family there are several people.
Here is a father with a daughter.
This mother is going to have a baby.
These brothers are walking together.
These sisters are looking at the sea.
The grandfather is eating a Shaslick.
The grandmother is eating pasta.
There are small families.
There are big families.
What is your family like?

Insects
Bees have two sets of wings.
A butterfly tastes the flowers with their feet.
A grasshopper has two pairs of jaws and a few small teeth.
Ants have three pairs of legs.
Ladybugs huddle to keep warm.
Mosquitoes hover in a large group called a swarm.
Cockroaches have flat bodies and two antennae.
A dragonfly can stand still in the air.
Insects are interesting.

I Can Calm Myself.
I can calm myself.
Just breath in,
blow out, and relax.
Breath in deeply.
Blow hard and long.
Grasp some air.
Blow it all out.
Breath in to make my music.
Blow out and feel better.
I know what to do.
I am in charge.

Many Boats
lonely boat
boat on the beach
boats at home
boat in water
yellow boat
bright boats
dragon boat
good night boats

SEASON: FALL
trees with red leaves
yellow leaves
one red leaf
pretty red leaves
a shoe in yellow leaves
Look at the brown deer!
fall colors by the water

Kim's Favorite Things to Do
Kim's Favorite Things to Do
walking on the beach
eating pizza
tasting sweets
playing soccer
seeing family
hugging my dogs
decorating for the fall
shopping

Logan's Biography
Logan's Bibliography
playing soccer
eating candy
reading books
riding bikes
playing with friends
running on the playground
hugging my dogs
playing games
spending time with my dad
loving my mommy

Harvest
Harvest
Pumpkins are ready to harvest in the fall.
Wheat is ready to cut in the fall.
Cranberries are harvested in the fall.
Tractors are used to harvest food.
Farmers harvest vegetables.
Women can harvest food for the winter.
Leaves change color at harvest time.
Some farmers use horses to harvest crops.
The harvest moon is big.
Harvest time is when we pick apples.
Hay is gathered at harvest time.
There are storms at harvest time.
Children help at harvest time.
Grapes are ready to harvest.
We make jack-o-lanterns from our pumpkins.
The air is cool and crisp in harvest time.
THE END

Regan's Disney on Ice
Beauty & the Beast
Alladin
Stitch
Monsters, Inc.
Monsters, Inc. again
I don't know, but I like it.
Ariel & Eric love each other.
the ugly sisters in Cinderella
I don't know, but I picked this one.
Donald Duck & Minnie Mouse
Donald Duck
Daisy Duck

Red
Some apples are red.
Some doors are red.
Some hair is red.
Some shoes are red.
Some flowers are red.
Some lips are red.
Strawberries are red.
Some lollies are red.

Groucho Glasses
Groucho glasses are an easy disguise.
Dark eyebrows and mustache, nose and glasses.
Groucho glasses are silly.
They are very silly on a little girl!
A hat is a nice addition.
Groucho meets Groucho
wife Groucho and Husband Groucho
mother Groucho and daughter Groucho
Groucho glasses for everyone
even for dogs???

I Like Cooking
I like to make omelets.
I like to make muffins.
I like to make milkshakes.
I like to make pizza.
I like to make cakes.
Eating is the best!

E Words
I see an elephant.
I see eggs.
I see the edge.
I see an elk.
I see an elm leaf.
I see an elf.

Boiling Water
This book is about understanding stress.
When everything is great and you're feeling fine inside, it is like a pot of water before it heats up.
You feel calm.
On a day when lots of things are happening, it is like the water is heating up.
Your stomach feels weird and your muscles get tight. People can't see this because it is inside.
It's like the pot of water before it boils. The water is getting hot but you can't tell.
As your stress increases others can start to see your stress. You may make weird faces.
Or raise your voice.
Or show a fist.
Sometimes it might feel like you will explode.
Now the water is really boiling! What can you do?
First, you need to learn what makes your water boil.
Things that are stressful might include:
a change in your schedule,
too many people,
or a confrontation.
Now that you know what stresses you out,
there are things you can do to stop the knots and prevent the explosion!
You can count to ten.
Go to the gym (do some heavy work).
Or take a bath.
You can get better at making good choices about the stress in your life.

The Shack
It is just a little hut.
As little as a tin can.
But he will wish for the sand.
He will run in the sand.
His ears will not hear.
His ears will not hear the run of the fan.
His ears will not hear the hit of the ram.
He will wish for fish.
The fish will fill his dish.
But he is back. No wish did he get. He is back in his shack.

I am a Scientist
I am a scientist!
There is popcorn in this bag.
How did I know?
I could smell it with my nose!
This candy corn is sweet. How do I know?
I taste it with my mouth!
This truck is red. How do I know?
I look at it with my eyes!
There is a dog barking behind this door.
How did I know?
I heard it with my ears!
This rock is hard. How do I know?
I feel it with my hand!
I am a good scientist!

I Like Shrek
I like Shrek.
Shrek likes water.
Shrek likes fries.
Shrek likes Donkey.
many Shreks
big Shrek
Hi, Donkey.
Bye, Shrek!

Whales Are Amazing!
Whales are Amazing!
This is a Humpback whale.
This is a Killer whale.
This is a Gray whale.
This is a Beluga whale.
This is a whale's tail.
This is a whale's mouth.
This is a whale's eye.
This is a whale's fin.
This whale is near a boat.
This whale is under the water.
This whale is out of the water.
This whale has a baby.
The End

G Words
a goat
the gum
the game
the grass
the glue
a grape
a goldfish
the geese
the gorilla
a girl

Underwater Tour
Let's take a tour of the ocean!
We will be submerging soon...
after we see the dolphins!
We're going down now.
We've stopped at a reef.
Many things live at reefs including...
sea stars
groupers
fish
sharks
lion fish
sea turtles
clams
and anemones.
We're going deeper now.
It's very dark down here so these fish make their own light.
These are the different kinds of fish.
box jelly
comb jelly
octopus
Hey, where did it go?
Thank you for coming.
Don't forget to stop at the gift shop for...
party invitations
recipe book 1
recipe book 2
recipe book 3
pictures
beanie bags
and our very popular fish cell phone!
the end

-at family
the cat
the bat
the rat
the hat
the mat
the fat cat

Where does it live?
Animals live in many different places.
Some animals live in a house.
Some animals live in trees.
Some animals live on a farm.
Some animals live in the grass.
Some animals live in the water.
Where does this cat live?
Where do these birds live?
Where does this cow live?
Where does this dog live?
Where does this lion live?
Where does this squirrel live?
Where does this whale live?
Where does this horse live?
Where does this snake live?
Where does this fish live?
Where does this elephant live?
Where does this pig live?
Where does this rabbit live?
Where does this frog live?
Where does this monkey live?
Where does this turtle live?
Where does this turkey live?
Where does this girl live?
Where do you live?

Dogs
dogs
yellow dog
black dog
red dog
white dog
brown dog

A Dog Book
Here is a book about dogs.
When a dog is dirty and smelly, he needs a bath.
We use a leash to walk a dog.
A dog lives in a doghouse.
A dog goes to the bathroom outside.
A dog uses his paw to shake your hand.
A dog wags his tail when he's happy.
A dog loves people.
A dog drinks water.
A dog has fur to keep it warm.
A dog eats dog food.

Cars
Mr. Shiny
Sponge Bob
lightning
IMG
land rover
Indy cars

High School Musical
This is Olden Day's "High School Musical."
My grandma might have watched this high school musical.
I think this is the script for "High School Musical."
This looks like a DVD of "High School Musical."
This is the stage version of "High School Musical."
This is "High School Musical" taken to the street.
This is "High School Musical" playing softball.
I would have liked to have been here.
I like the lights of the "High School Musical."
The music from "High School Musical" is great.
They all look like they are having fun.
This is the end of my story.

Platypus
This platypus is sitting in the water.
The toy platypus is so cute. Everyone will want to cuddle it.
This platypus looks so cute.
This sign reminds me of David Fleay's sanctuary.
The platypus is looking for something to eat. They like eating Yabbies.
The platypus is dancing with the penguin.
The carved penguin is looking at the water.
This platypus is so cute.
The Platypus is swimming in the water. You are not likely to see this in the wild.
This reminded me of information about Platypus at David Fleay's Sanctuary.
This little cute Platypus is so cute and is in a cage.
The Platypus is under the water.

With My Ears
With my ears I hear.
With my ears I hear a pig.
With my ears I hear a cow.
With my ears I hear a lion.
With my ears I hear a bell.
With my ears I hear a piano.
With my ears I hear a baby.
With my ears I hear a train.
With my ears I hear a storm.
Shhh. What do you hear?

THE SWARM!
The bugs are coming...
they're coming soon...
coming closer...
and now they're here.
HA HA HA!
Help he stung me!
SLURP!
Poor old gorge but at least we're safe up he're.
They're coming up!
Fred you've got to get out of here.
push AAAAHHHH
ouch
buzz
SLURP!
Yummy, yummy, yummy. I've got blood in my tummy.
Yum! That's good stuff.
Hey guys I think the maggots are here.
HA HA HA!
Dig dig dig!
Now eat all their food!
AAAAHHHH!
the end

Buster's Life
Buster's Life
"Ohhh, I don't see why they make such a big deal about Christmas!"
"Hey guys! What was that?!"
"Woah, those were some waves!"
"Come on Dad! Let's wrestle!"
"Oh,I'm pooped!"
"I'm innocent!I swear!"
"C'mon guys!Let's play!"
"Second Winter!Snow is SO fun to beat up!"
"Oh no!It's the big bad woofs!"
"Ahhhh, there's nothing like a good refreshing snow break!"
"Swimming+Best Friend= Best day ever!"
"My third Fall is so interesting. The leaves are so pretty!"
"Ha Ha! That's so hilarious!"
"You guys have GOT to be kidding me!"
"C'mon guys! Lets go!"
"You naughty leaf! You fell into the water!"
"I've been looking for you!"
"I am king of the mountain!"
"I won't let old age bring me down."
The End!

First Amendment Rights
The US Constitution is an important document.
It was written over 200 years ago.
It defines how Americans are governed.
The First Amendment lists five rights.
You have a right to worship as you choose.
You have a right to express your ideas.
You have a right to publish your ideas.
You have a right to meet in peace with others.
You have a right to petition for changes.
The First Amendment freedoms apply to all Americans.
All Americans.
All Americans.
Every one.

All about Autumn
All about Autumn
Trees lose their leaves.
We wear jackets in autumn.
Trees have many pretty colors.
We pick pumpkins from the patch.
Animals get ready for winter.
It is more cloudy and rainy in autumn.
Birds fly south for the winter.
The autumn leaves bring in tourists.
It gets dark earlier in the autumn.
Chipmunks gather nuts for the long winter.
Temperatures are cooler in autumn.
It is fun to walk in the woods in autumn.
Autumn is the time for trick or treating.

Plant a Garden
Would you like to plant a garden?
First, you must have seeds.
Next, you must have dirt.
You also need water...
and sunlight.
Now you are ready to plant!
Put the seeds in the dirt.
Then water the seed in the dirt.
Let the garden get sunlight.
Wait for it to grow.
After a while, you will have a beautiful garden!

Our E Book
Ee
E is for elephant.
E is for eye.
E is for Earth.
E is for Mrs. Eatmon.
E is for elk.
E is for eight.
E is for elbow.
E is for elf.
E is for Mr. Eden.
E is for eagle.
E is for ear.
E is for egg.
e is for eggplant.
Ee

Apple Parts
Parts of an apple.
The parts of an apple are
the peel,
the flesh,
the core,
the seeds,
and the stem.
The peel is on the outside of the apple.
The flesh is the part we eat.
The core is in the middle of the apple.
The seeds are in the core.
The stem is on the apple.
The stem holds the apple on the tree.
How does an orange grow on a tree?

Too Cool
I'm cool. Too cool.
I'm too cool to follow the crowd.
I'm too cool to leave out a friend.
I'm too cool to be mean.
I'm too cool to let my friends get teased.
I'm cool. Too cool.
I'm too cool to ignore my family.
I'm too cool to be embarassed by a hug.
I'm too cool to act shy.
I'm too cool to be lazy.
I'm cool. Too cool.
I'm too cool to worry about looking silly.
I'm too cool to let a bad hair day get me down.
I'm too cool to get hung up on fashion.
I'm too cool to worry about being perfect.
I'm cool. Too cool.
I'm too cool to hide my smile.
I'm too cool to hide my sadness.
I'm too cool to stay mad.
I'm cool. Too cool.
I'm too cool to stay away from books.
I'm too cool to forget to enjoy nature.
I'm too cool to be afraid of new places.
I'm cool. Too cool.
I'm WAY too cool to take stupid risks!

A Day In The Life Of A Super Hero
Written By: Mrs. Allen's 4th period reading.
While searching the village they all became hung up.
Meanwhile the Super Hero is out on the ship.
Back at the village the grandmothers return to find everyone gone.
Two of the Super Heros left the ship and headed for the village.
The villians froze the villagers.
The ghosts are coming after the villagers.
The grandmothers used their magic firewands to thaw out all of the villagers.
The happy villagers celebrated with a feast.

You Are Unique
Everybody is special in their own way.
Some people are funny.
People like many different things. For example, some people like flowers.
People think in many different ways.
We all look different.
We all have different ideas.
We all have different ideas about how to get around.
We are all different in our small ways.
We all learn and play differently.
People like different things.
People show feelings in different ways.
We all travel on different roads.
Even though we have some things in common, it is ok to be unique.

Cobras
Cobras are dangerous snakes.
Cobras have hoods.
In India, snakes hide in baskets.
A snake charmer plays music and the snake comes out.
Some cobras spit their venom.
It is not a good idea to touch a cobra.
A cobra bite might kill you.

My Favourite things
I like to go for rides on my motorbike.
One day I would like to drive a car like this.
Beads are great for making bags and necklaces.
One of my favourite movies is High School Musical.
My favourite football team is the Brisbane Broncos.
The Platypus is so cute that I wish it was my own pet.

Gargoyles
High above the city....
Gargoyles watch.
They just sit and watch.
Or lean out for a better look.
Some gargoyles have wings.
Most gargoyles have scary faces.
This one looks like a dragon.
They are made of stone and they cannot move.
Some look ready to jump down.
Some look ready to fly off.
Some just look cold.
But for centuries...
...high above the city...
...gargoyles just sit and watch.

Shoes
shoes
funny shoes
dancing shoes
red shoes
baby shoes
jumping shoes
different shoes
dirty shoes
big shoes
no shoes

Animals
The porcupine is laying down. He is prickly.
The swans are making a heart because they love each other.
The bee is getting nectar to make some honey.
The cow is taking a nap. The people are trying to milk it.
The fish are under water. The shark is trying to eat them.
The squirrel is eating a nut in the snow. Do you think that his feet are cold?
I don't know what this is but it sure is funny looking!
The millipedes look like octopus tentacles.
And these are people, I think.

Dr. Knickerbocker
Let's get the rhythm in our hands.  Clap, clap!
Let's get the rhythms in our feet. Stomp, stomp!
Let's get the rhythm in our head. Ding dong!
Let's get the rhythm in our hips. Hot dog!
Let's get the rhythm in our hands. Whoopee!
Let's get the rhythm in our sides.

The Am Book
Pam likes spam.
I am a ram.
Adam has ham.
Can I have jam?
I am Sam.
This is a yam.
It's a grand slam!
The boy and the dog scram.
This mam is Pam.
I need to cram for this exam.
I feel like 1 gram.
The truck is a scam.

Feelings
I'm happy today.
I'm sad today.
I'm sleepy and tired today.
I'm excited today!
How do you feel today?

-it book
bit
hit
lit
sit
armpit
fit

My Favourite Foods
Pizza is my most favourite food.
I also LOVE spaghetti!
Bananas are good too.
Donuts are my favourite desert.
I do NOT like brussel sprouts!

Apples!
Apples!
There is a fruit that grows on trees and apple is it's name oh!
A P P L E and apple is it's name oh.
In summer and in early fall It's time to pick an apple!
A P P L E and apple is it's name oh.
It may be sweet or may be tart, It's red, or green, or yellow!
A P P L E and apple is it's name oh.
Make applesauce or apple juice Or apple pie with apples!
A P P L E and apple is it's name oh.

Welcome!
I see the word "Welcome" everywhere!
A rusty welcome.
A sunny welcome.
Welcome to McDonald's!
Welcome to Las Vegas!
A small welcome.
A large welcome!
A messy welcome.
Come travel with me.  Welcome to Maine...
Welcome to New Hampshire...
Massachusetts welcomes you...
Connecticut welcomes you...
Welcome to New York...
Welcome to Pennsylvania...
Welcome to Delaware...oh, I'm tired of traveling!
A welcome home cake for daddy.
A welcome home sign for mommy.

Baby Boy Goo and His Red Balloon
Baby Boy Goo wants his red balloon...
...he wants his balloon to fly to the moon.
Baby Goo's balloon does not want to do that.
Baby Goo's balloon wants to fly to the cat.
But Baby Goo’s cat shouts out a loud "Meow!"
...because Baby Goo’s cat wants the balloon to say "Ow!"
So Baby Goo's balloon leaves the cat being lazy...
...because Baby Goo's balloon wants to fly to the daisy.
But Baby Goo’s daisy gets a hold of a breeze...
...because Baby Goo’s daisy wants the balloon to sneeze.
So Baby Goo’s balloon leaves the daisy to the bees...
...because Baby Goo’s balloon wants to fly to the trees.
But Baby Goo’s trees want to sway around a lot...
...because Baby Goo’s trees want the balloon to get caught.
So Baby Goo’s balloon leaves the trees and their bark...
...because Baby Goo’s balloon wants to fly to the lark.
But Baby Goo’s lark pecks at the red balloon’s head...
...because Baby Goo’s lark wants the balloon for its bed.
So Baby Goo’s balloon leaves the lark in the fog...
...because Baby Goo’s balloon wants to fly to the dog.
But Baby Goo’s dog hides underneath a chair...
...because Baby Goo’s balloon gives the dog a big scare.
So Baby Goo’s balloon leaves the dog under there...
...because Baby Goo’s balloon wants to see teddy bear.
But Baby Goo’s bear sits still and gives a sigh...
...because Baby Goo’s teddy does not want Goo to cry.
So Baby Goo’s balloon leaves the teddy bear, too...
...because baby Goo’s balloon wants to fly to the shoe.
But Baby Goo’s shoe just sticks its tongue out...
...because Baby Goo’s shoe is not able to shout.
So Baby Boy Goo has been crying all June...
...because Baby Goo’s balloon will not fly to the moon.
But Baby Goo’s balloon sees the tears on Goo’s face...
...so he does the right thing and floats into space.

Real or Pretend?
Is this dump truck real? Yes, it is!
Is this dump truck real? No, it is a toy. It is pretend.
Is this bear real? Yes, it is!
Is this bear real? No, it is pretend.
Is this monkey real? Yes, it is!
Is this monkey real? No, it is pretend.
Is this train real? Yes, it is!
Is this train real? No, it is a toy. It is pretend.
Is this fish real? Yes, it is!
Is this fish real? No, it is pretend.
Is this cat real? Yes, it is!
Is this cat real? No, it is pretend.
Are these kids real? Yes, they are!
Are these kids real? No, they are toys. They are pretend.
Is this a real thumb? Yes, it is, and it is just for you!

Animals at Grandma's house
deer on the water
The squirrel is hungry. He eats bird food.
Blue heron eat fish.
Ducks have blue heads.
Wood duck in creek.
Weasels swim.
Raccoons are curious.

School
I have to go to school.
School is fun.
There are other kids there.
There has to be group time.
No kids are allowed in the staff room, only teachers.
This kid's not in the staff room.

flags
There are lots of flags.
nniue flag
beliars flag
tsetter red blue
thailand flag
zimbabwe flag
sir lanka flag
aiquilla flag
China's flag red yellow star like light

KANGAROOS
FUNNY KANGAROO THINKING
COOL BABY IN POUCH
KANGAROOS FIGHTING
A KANGAROO SLEEPING
A DANCING KANGAROO
KANGAROOS WALKING OUTSIDE
A SLEEPING KISS
KANGAROOS HOPPING

American Symbols
The United States of America has many symbols.
The Stars and Stripes flag is a symbol of America.
The Bald Eagle is the national bird of America. It is a symbol of strength.
The Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is an American symbol.
The Statue of Liberty was a gift from France. It is a symbol of freedom.
The White House is the President's house. It is an American symbol.
Mount Rushmore is a rock sculpture of four presidents. It is an American symbol.
The Lincoln Memorial is a statue of President Abraham Lincoln. It is an American symbol.
The Capitol Building in Washington, D.C. is an American symbol.
The Great Seal is our national emblem. It is an American symbol.
The Washington Monument is five hundred and fifty five feet tall. It is an American symbol.
Uncle Sam is a man that represents the United States. He is an American symbol.
America has many symbols of freedom, justice and courage. Cheer for America!

What Not to Wear
This is Stacey from "What Not to Wear."
This is Clinton from "What Not to Wear."
They teach people how to dress nicely.
People get $5000.00 to shop in New York.
What Not to Wear is my favourite TV show!

I am "Mad" about sports
I love all sports.
I watched the Aussie rules grand final.
"Go knights" I cheered at the rugby league game.
I cheered for Cadel Evans in the Tour de France.
I thought the Olympic games were great.
And the Para Olympics were even better
Just when you think there can be no more sports...
my very favorite sport begins.
I love cricket best of all.
Come on Aussies, come on!

Sometimes When I am Angry
Sometimes when I am angry I feel like shouting!
Sometimes when I am angry I feel like swearing.
Sometimes when I am angry I feel like punching.
Sometimes when I am angry I feel like running away...
and hiding.
But I stop!
And count: 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Blast off!
Into outer space.
The earth looks pretty.
The stars look bright.
A moon walk is relaxing.
And soon I feel alright.
I am not angry anymore.

Sally Loves Computers
Sally likes computers. She thinks they are pretty cool.
Ginger likes the computer too.
so do these kids
I know it's great fun to look at computers.
Sally will be happy when she sees this picture.
Sally's lucky because these computers are fun.
At computer time, Sally will see lots of computers!
When is Sally allowed to look at the computers? Not at recess or lunch time. No looking at computers then.
When a teacher tells Sally not to look at computers then you will not get to see them.
You can look at some computer pictures instead.

A Moroccan Feast
Would you like to have a Moroccan meal with me?
Morocco is a country in North Africa.
This restaurant serves Moroccan food.
These are some spices used in Moroccan cooking.
Our table has beautiful designs.
Moroccan dishes are very beautiful.
We will start with tea--minty and sweet.
Breads and salads come next.
This is couscous. It is like rice.
The main dish is lamb tagine with chickpeas.
Try a vegetable dish.
For dessert, we will have pastries and strong coffee.
And a beautiful tray of fruits.
During dessert, we might see a belly dancer!

Crazy Chickens!
This is nugget.
He is very friendly,
but he likes to crow A LOT.
These two are fighting!
Oh no these are rubber!
AAAAHHHH!
I'm having a bad hair day.
Berrr why is it so cold out here?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
...because there were chicks on the other side.
HA HA HA!
beware...
da da da da
AAAAHHHH!
huh.
What I'm just a turken,
a what?
Have you seen this chicken?
These chicks had a food coloring injected into them.
...so have these.
AAAAHHHH!
The End.
: )

Who Dey!
The fans are waiting for the game to start.
The game starts!
Carson throws the football.
TJ gets a touchdown!
The fans are happy.
The defense blocks the other team.
The Bengals win the game!
Who dey!!

Sexy or Stinky
She thinks my tractor is sexy,
but she thinks my feet are stinky.
She thinks my house is sexy,
but she thinks my room is stinky.
She thinks my hat is sexy,
but she thinks my breath is stinky.
She thinks my swimsuit is sexy,
but she thinks my armpit is stinky.
She thinks my shirt is sexy,
but she thinks my belly is stinky.
She can not make up her mind.

1000 Books!
I heard the news today, oh boy!
1000 books at Tar Heel Reader!
And though some books were very small...
They had to count them all.
Now they know how many books...
it takes to fill the Albert Hall.
I'd love to...
turn you on...
to reading!
58,993 books read in 38 countries!
1000 books written in 7 countries.
Yay!

Shades of Green
What is nature's favorite color?
Grass is green and cool.
Some snakes are green; it helps them hide in trees.
Some lakes are green.
Limes are green, and juicy.
Avocados are green and smooth.
Honeydew melons are pale green.
Spinach and lettuce are good green vegetables.
Pine trees have dark green needles.
This greenback turtle swims in warm seas.
Lily pads cover a pond with green circles.
Some bugs have big green eyes!
Many cats have green eyes.
And I have green eyes too.
I think green is one of nature's favorite colors.

Wonders of the World
There are the
Temples of Egypt.
There is the
Great Wall of China.
There is the Chichen Itza in Mexico.
There is the Christ the Redeemer in Brazil.
There is the Colosseum in Italy.
There is the Taj Mahal in India.
There is the Petra in Jordon.
There is the Machu Picchu in Peru.
There is the Acropolis in Greece.
There is the Eiffel Tower in France.
There is the Statue Of Liberty in USA.
There are the Statues of Easter Island in Chile.
There is the Hagia Sophia in Turkey.
There is the Kremlin Palace in Russia.
There is the Sydney Opera House in Australia.
There is the Stonehenge in England.
Where would you like to go?

Pizza
I like pizza.
You can buy pizza at Papa John's. I like Papa John's.
You can also buy pizza at the store.
Pizza can come in different shapes.
This one is my favorite.

Michael Phelps
Michael Phelps
Michael Phelps is a fast swimmer.
He went to the olympics in China.
Michael saw fireworks at the Olympics.
Michael won 8 medals at the Olympics in China.
He's the best swimmer ever!

I Think You're Wonderful!
I think you're wonderful!
When somebody says that to me...
I feel wonderful! As wonderful can be!
It makes me want to say...
...the same thing to somebody new.
And by the way, I've been meaning to say...
I think you're wonderful, too!
If we practice this phrase in the most honest way...
find something special in someone each day...
lift up the world one heart at a time...
it all comes from saying this one simple line...
I think you're wonderful!
The words are the lyrics to Abby's favorite song, by Red Grammer

Would You Eat a Worm?
Would you eat these worms?
These worms are not tasty looking. Yuck!
Do you think these worms would taste good?
You could catch this worm and eat him.
You have to get these worms out of the dirt before you could eat them.
The bird thinks this worm is delicious!
I think this boy is going to eat the worm. Do you?
These worms are the only ones I would eat!

Apples
We're learning about apples!
Apples are red, green, yellow, and sometimes all three colors together.
Here are some apples that are red and green.
Apples are shiny, smooth, and round.
Apples grow on trees.
Inside apples are seeds.
We chopped up some apples and made applesauce.
We cooked our applesauce with cinnamon.
You can also buy applesauce at the store.
I liked our homemade applesauce the best. Yum!
Maybe we can make apple pie next.
Apple pie a la mode means with ice cream. That is how I like my apple pie!
How do you like your apples?

Dogs
Some dogs are sad.
Some dogs are silly.
Some dogs are little.
Some dogs are lazy.
Some dogs are guard dogs.
Some dogs like snow.
Some dogs like water.

Who Do You Want to Be?
Superman?
Cat Woman?
Spiderman?
Batman?
Storm?
Hulk?
Wolverine?
Wonder Woman?
Ironman?
Iceman?
Aquaman?
Ariel?
Hercules?
Elektra?
Johnny Bravo?
Charlie's Angels?
Flash?
Laura Croft?
Or, YOURSELF?

Money - A Big Worry
Money
A Big Worry
The United States is a big country.
A big country needs a lot of money.
Some business men in the United States made a mistake with money.
Now a lot of people in the United States are worried.
Actually, the whole world is worried.

Sports
Written by: Steven, Spencer, Nate, and Kelcy
Spencer likes swimming.
Steven likes wrestling.
Nate likes basketball.
Kelcy likes trampoline.
Sports are fun!

Let's Play!
Playing sports is fun.
You can shoot a basketball.
You can swim.
You can throw a frisbee.
You can kick a soccer ball.
You can catch a football.
You can hit a baseball.
You can hit a golf ball.
So come out and play!

Friday Night
Every high schooler loves Friday night.
We can go out to eat.
We can go to a football game.
We can go to the movies.
We can go to a concert.
We can go to a bonfire.
We can go to a club.
And then on Saturday, we can sleep in!

Christmas!
Christmas is fun!
At Christmas, I build snowmen.
At Christmas, I decorate a Christmas tree.
At Christmas, I bake cookies.
At Christmas, I hang up stockings.
At Christmas, I eat candy canes.
At Christmas, I sit on Santa's lap.
At Christmas, I open presents.
At Christmas, I spend time with my family.
I love Christmas!

Swimsuits
This swimsuit is black.
This swimsuit is polka dotted.
This swimsuit is animal printed.
This swimsuit is striped.
This swimsuit is blue.
This swimsuit is red.
This swimsuit is sparkly.
What does your swimsuit look like?

Fashion Designers
Christian Dior is a fashion designer.
Marc Jacobs is a fashion designer.
Coco Chanel is a fashion designer.
Ralph Lauren is a fashion designer.
Giorgio Armani is a fashion designer.
Louis Vuitton is a fashion designer.
Vera Wang is a fashion designer.
Kate Spade is a fashion designer.
Oscar de la Renta is a fashion designer.
Which fashion designer is your favorite?

A Day in the Life of a College Student
At 8 o'clock, I wake up.
At 9 o'clock, I have French class.
At 10 o'clock, I return to my dorm room.
At 11 o'clock, I have computer class.
At 12 o'clock, I eat lunch.
At 1 o'clock, I have English class.
At 2 o'clock, I go to the gym.
At 3 o'clock, I do my homework.
At 4 o'clock, I go to work.
At 5 o'clock, I am still at work.
At 6 o'clock, I eat dinner.
At 7 o'clock, I finish my homework.
At 8 o'clock, I watch television.
At 9 o'clock, I am still watching television.
At 10 o'clock, I read my textbooks.
At 11 o'clock, I am still reading.
At 12 o'clock, I go to sleep.

Shoes
Do you like shoes?
Shoes are blue.
Shoes are white and red.
Shoes are black and yellow.
Shoes are white.
Shoes are yellow and white.
Shoes are red and blue.
Shoes are black and white.
Shoes are colorful.

College
In college you meet new people.
In college you go to parties.
In college you live by yourself.
In college you choose your own classes.
In college you can find the love of your life.
In college you study a lot.
College is great.

Boys vs. Girls
She likes dolls!
He likes balls!
She likes flowers!
He likes showers!
She likes stars!
He likes cars!
She likes dresses!
He likes messes!
She likes mermaids!
He likes band aids!
She likes butterflies!
He likes buckeyes!
She likes dogs!
He likes frogs!
She likes trees!
He likes bees!
What gave them the allergies?

A Room
I see a room.
I see a chair in the room.
I see a desk in the room.
I see a trash can in the room.
I see a lamp in the room.
I see a bed in the room.
I see books in the room.
I see clothes in the room.
Wow. What a messy room.

Fashion A-Z
A is for accessories.
B is for blouse.
C is for catwalk.
D is for denim.
E is for earmuffs.
F is for French manicure.
G is for galoshes.
H is for hat.
I is for inseam.
J is for jacket.
K is for kilt.
L is for leggings.
M is for mask.
N is for necklace.
O is for opal.
P is for purse.
Q is for QuikJean.
R is for Rainbows.
S is for skirt.
T is for taffeta.
U is for umbrella.
V is for vintage.
W is for wallet.
X is for XOXO.
Y is for Yves Saint Lauren.
Z is for zipper.

Let's Go Camping!
To go camping, you need a tent.
To go camping, you need friends.
To go camping, you need a sleeping bag.
To go camping, you need a campfire.
To go camping, you need hiking boots.
To go camping, you need s'mores.
To go camping, you need a water bottle.
To go camping, you need food.
To go camping, you need toilet paper. Don't forget the toilet paper!

Community Helpers
Community Helpers!
This is a police officer.  They help keep us safe.
These are firefighters.  They help us when there is a fire.
This is a teacher.  They help us learn.
This is a mail carrier.  They help deliver the mail.
This is a doctor.  They help us stay healthy.
What do you want to be?

What Do You Need?
When you play soccer, you need a soccer ball.
When you draw a picture, you need markers.
When you go to class, you need a teacher.
When you play music, you need an audience.
When you have a dog, you need a leash.
When you take a shower, you need a towel.
When you have a car, you need gas.
When you want a sandwich, you need bread.
What do you need?

Technology A-Z
A is for Antenna
B is for Bluetooth
C is for Cell Phone
D is for Desktop Computer
E is for Email
F is for Flash Memory
G is for Global Positioning System (GPS)
H is for Hard Drive
I is for Internet
J is for JAWS for Windows
K is for Keyboard
L is for Laptop
M is for Motherboard
N is for Network
O is for Optical Cable
P is for Printer
Q is for Quantum Sensor
R is for Radio
S is for Speakers
T is for Television
U is for Universal Serial Bus (USB)
V is for Video Camera
W is for Wireless Networking
X is for Xeon Processors
Y is for Y Headphone Adapter...
...and Z is for Zip Drive!

Count Guitars
I see one guitar.
I see two guitars.
I see three guitars.
I see four guitars.
I see five guitars.
I see six guitars.
I see seven guitars.
Oh no! One less guitar.

Jack and Jill
Jack and Jill went up the hill,
to fetch a pail of water.
Jack fell down and broke his crown,
and Jill came tumbling after.
Up Jack got and home did trot,
as fast as he could caper.
He went to bed and covered his head,
in vinegar and brown paper.

Being a Citizen
Being a citizen means you are a...
...member of a group.
The group you belong to could be a family,
or a sports team,
or a school,
or a town,
or a country.
Citizens know they have two very important things:
Rights...
...and responsibilities.
A right is something you are ALLOWED to do.
A responsibility is something you SHOULD do.
There are three kinds of United States citizens:
ALIEN citizens have some rights.  They left their country to live in America.
NATIONAL citizens have many rights. They are natives of America.
OFFICIAL citizens have full rights.  They are born in America, or pass a citizenship test.
How do American citizens know their rights?
From the Bill of Rights, of course!
The Bill of Rights is a list of our country's freedoms.
What are the responsibilities of American citizens?
To do what makes their country a better place, like recycling,
and voting!
Thumbs up to you for being a good citizen!

Making a Band
These are drums.
This is a microphone.
This is an electric guitar.
This is an acoustic guitar.
This is a bass guitar.
This is a piano.
This is my band.

Ten to Zero
There are ten pieces of chalk.
There are nine apples.
There are eight bottles.
There are seven Ferris wheel cars.
There are six donuts.
There are five wind turbines.
There are four hearts.
There are three giraffes.
There are two zebras.
There is one tree.
There are no more pages to this book.

Zip Goes to the Pumpkin Patch
Zip goes to the Pumpkin Patch.
Zip's class is going to the pumpkin patch.
Zip wants to pick pumpkins.
Zip wants to pick two little pumpkins,
and one BIG pumpkin.
He eats a slice of pumpkin pie.
Then, his class gets on the school bus.
They go back to school.

Disney Princesses
This is Snow White.
This is Cinderella.
This is Sleeping Beauty.
This is Ariel.
This is Belle.
This is Jasmine.
This is Pocahontas.
This is Fa Mulan.
And these are the Disney Princesses.

Fruits A-Z
A is for apple.
B is for blueberry.
C is for cherry.
D is for durian.
E is for eggplant.
F is for fig.
G is for grapefruit.
H is for honeydew.
I is for iyokan.
J is for jackfruit.
K is for kiwi.
L is for lime.
M is for mandarin.
N is for naranjilla.
O is for olive.
P is for pear.
Q is for quince.
R is for rambutan.
S is for strawberry.
T is for tamarillo.
U is for ugli.
V is for Voavanga.
W is for walnut.
X is for ximenia.
Y is for yellow watermelon.
Z is for zucchini. Yes! It is a fruit.

Justice League America
This is Superman.
This is Batman.
This is Wonder Woman.
This is Green Lantern.
This is Flash.
This is Martian Manhunter.
This is Hawkgirl.
This is Justice League America.

A is for American Football
A is for American Football.
B is for ball.
C is for catch.
D is for defense.
E is for end zone.
F is for field goal.
G is for goalposts.
H is for halftime.
I is for interception.
J is for jump.
K is for kickoff.
L is for line of scrimmage.
M is for Monday Night Football.
N is for NFL.
O is for offense.
P is for punt.
Q is for quarterback.
R is for running back.
S is for special teams.
T is for touchdown.
U is for uniform.
V is for violation.
W is for wide receiver.
X is for XFL.
Y is for yard line.
Z is for zones.

What do you eat?
Some people eat cookies.
Some people eat spaghetti.
Some people eat apples.
Some people eat pizza.
Some people eat burgers.
Some people eat fries.
Some people eat soup.
Some people eat carrots.
Some people even eat...
Octopus!
Gross!

Water Fun
Water can be wet.
Water can be scary.
Water can be immense.
Water can be blue.
Water can be red.
Water can be refreshing.
Water can be fun!
Oh, no, don't shoot me!

How To Make A Pizza
"I’m hungry!"
"I’m hungry too! But it's late, and we can’t go out to eat at a restaurant."
"Hmmmm what should we do?"
"I’ve got it!..."
"...Let’s make a pizza!"
"But do you know how to make a pizza?"
"Of course I do! First, you make the dough and form it into a circle."
"Then you spread some tomato sauce onto the dough."
"Then you put some cheese on top of the sauce."
"Then you put it in the oven…"
"And before you know it, your pizza is ready!"
"Yummmmm!"

Occupational Majors A-Z
A is for Archeology.
B is for Business.
C is for Chemistry.
D is for Dentistry.
E is for Economics.
F is for French.
G is for Geology.
H is for Health Science.
I is for Information Science.
J is for Journalism.
K is for Kinetic Physics.
L is for Linguistic Studies.
M is for Math.
N is for Nutrition Science.
O is for Occupational Studies.
P is for Public Policy.
Q is for Quality Control.
R is for Religious Studies.
S is for Spanish.
T is for Transportation Logistics.
U is for Urban Studies.
V is for Veterinary Medicine.
W is for Wildlife Management.
X is for X-Ray Technician.
Y is for Youth Studies.
Z is for Zoology.
What do you want to do?

Michael Jordan
Michael Jordan is the greatest basketball player ever.
Michael Jordan jumps.
Michael Jordan dunks.
Michael Jordan shoots.
Michael Jordan scores.
Michael Jordan dribbles.
Michael Jordan blocks.
Michael Jordan plays.
Michael Jordan wins.
Michael Jordan can't fly though... can he?

What can you find in a Biology Lab?
What can you find in a Biology Lab?
You can find test tubes.
You can find a microscope.
You can find a beaker.
You can find organisms.
You can find a biologist.
You can find goggles.
You can find a thermometer.
You can find people.
Biology Lab is fun!

Dorm Life
When you move into a dorm, things change.
You have to learn to share.
Sometimes, you have to wait in line for the bathroom.
You will not have as much space.
You have to be around peers all the time.
You meet new people all the time.
There are no more parents.
You have to remember to study and...
not to go to TOO many parties!

What needs water?
What needs water?
The Beach needs water.
People need water.
Flowers need water.
Pets need water.
Storms need water.
The desert needs water. Ooops. Too bad, it doesn't get any!

Shapes
This is a  square.
This is a circle.
This is a triangle.
This is a rectangle.
This is an oval.
This is a triangle.
These are circles.
This is a rectangle.
This is an oval.
This is the end of the story.

Holidays!
Holidays are fun!
On New Years, I see fireworks.
On Valentine's Day, I see hearts.
On St. Patrick's Day, I see shamrocks.
On Easter, I see eggs.
On the Fourth of July, I see American flags.
On Halloween, I see pumpkins.
On Thanksgiving, I see turkeys.
On Christmas, I see presents.
Birthdays can be holidays too!

Dogs
The dog is swinging.
The dog is running.
The dog is swimming.
The dog is drinking.
The dog is sleeping. Good night!

History
A long time ago.
Someone did something.
It was important.
Or difficult.
Or graceful.
Or funny.
It saved lives.
Or explored new places.
Or made the world a better place to live.
Or opened our eyes to the possible.
Someone wrote about it.
Now we read about it.
Maybe some day you'll make history.

What Hurts and What Doesn't
What Hurts, And What Doesn't
A ball in the nose.
That hurts.
Getting your hair pulled.
That hurts.
Falling off your surfboard.
That hurts.
Getting tackled.
That hurts.
Sticking your legs behind your head.
That hurts.
Clunking heads.
That hurts.
But having a best friend.
That feels great!

No One Wears a Kilt
What should I wear?
A hat with mouse ears?
Augh! Please don't.
My new bacon costume?
No, no, no.  Please don't.
My cool goggles?
Augh!  Please don't.
My spiffy new arrow hat?
Gross!  Please don't.
My pink veil?
Oh, no. Please don't.
My purple Barney tights with green shorts?
Bleah!  Please don't.
Well, all I have left is my kilt.
But...
no one...
wears...
a kilt.
?!?!?

What color shirt?
I can wear a red shirt.
I can wear an orange shirt.
I can wear a yellow shirt.
I can wear a green shirt.
I can wear a blue shirt.
I can wear a purple shirt.
I can wear a pink shirt.
I can wear a brown shirt.
I can wear a black shirt.
What color shirt should I wear?

A Western
The wild West.
Dodge City.
The good guy.
His trusty sidekick.
The pretty gal
Alone on the range.
The bad guy.
The pretty gal taken captive.
The good guy to the rescue.
A gunfight at high noon.
The better man wins.
Happily ever after.

Field Hockey
I want to play field hockey.
I want to stretch before I play.
I want to dribble the ball.
I want to pass the ball.
I want to run to the ball.
I want to receive the ball.
Get ready for the shot!
I want to score!

Foods A-Z
Food is yummy!
A is for asparagus.
B is for banana.
C is for cookie.
D is for date bar.
E is for egg.
F is for fries.
G is for guacamole.
H is for hamburger.
I is for ice cream.
J is for jelly beans.
K is for kiwi.
L is for lobster.
M is for macaroni.
N is for noodles.
O is for olive.
P is for popcorn.
Q is for Quaker oats.
R is for raspberry.
S is for salad.
T is for tomato.
U is for ultimate gobstoppers.
V is for veggies.
W is for waffle.
Oops! No food begins with X.
Y is for yogurt.
Z is for zucchini.

Science
There are many types of science.
Zoology is a type of science.
Biology is a type of science.
Chemistry is a type of science.
Geology is a type of science.
Ecology is a type of science.
Botany is a type of science.
Archeology is a type of science.
Science can be fun!

The Cookie Bandit
Ring, ring, ring…
"Hello, this is 9 1 1… what seems to be the problem?"
"I need your help! There are cookies missing from the cookie jar."
"Oh no! Who do you think it was?!"
"I’m not sure! That’s why I need your help!"
"Ok, what is your address?"
"My address is: 80 Cinnamon Streusel Drive."
"Ok, the police will be there soon!"
(Weuweuweuweu!) "The police are here!!"
"Look what we found… a fingerprint!"
"Who’s fingerprint is it?"
"Look out the window!"
"…it’s THAT GIRL!!!"

What is a Half?
This is a cupcake cut in half.
This is half of a cheeseburger.
This is half of a cookie.
This is half of a cake.
This is a pumpkin cut in half.
This is half of a strawberry.
This is half of an orange pepper.
This is half of the moon.
This is half of a pie.
This is an orange cut in half.
This is half of a muffin.
This is half of a pizza.
Doesn't this half of an apple look delicious?

Animal Homes (From Guess the covered word 1st Grade)
Animal Homes
Birds live in...
nests.
A turtle lives in a...
shell.
Hamsters live in a...
cage.
Goldfish live in a...
bowl.
Sharks live in the...
ocean.
Dogs live in a...
dog house.
Snakes live in...
holes.
The End

I Love Apples!
I Love apples!
Here are zero apples.
Here is one apple.
Here are two apples.
Here are three apples.
Here are four apples.
Here are five apples.
Here are six apples.
Here are seven apples.
Here are eight apples.
Here are nine apples.
Here are ten apples.
I love to eat apples!

What Lives in the Jungle?
The jungle is a beautiful place.
Many animals live in the jungle.
Monkeys live in the jungle.
Gorillas live in the jungle.
Tigers live in the jungle.
Rhinos live in the jungle.
Elephants live in the jungle.
Macaws live in the jungle.
Sloths live in the jungle.
Snakes live in the jungle.
Frogs live in the jungle.
Lemurs live in the jungle.
Could you live in the jungle?

America's Symbols
The United States of America has many symbols.
The Stars and Stripes flag is an American symbol.
The White House, where the President lives, is an American symbol.
The Bald Eagle, our country's national bird, is an American symbol.
The Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is an American symbol.
Mount Rushmore, a rock sculpture of four presidents, is an American symbol.
The Great Seal, the emblem of our country, is an American symbol.
Uncle Sam, a man that represents our country, is an American symbol.
The Lincoln Memorial, a statue of President Abraham Lincoln, is an American symbol.
America has many symbols of freedom, justice and courage.  Cheer for America!

America's Symbols, Take 2
The United States of America has many symbols.
The Stars and Stripes flag is an American symbol.
The Bald Eagle is the national bird.  It is an American symbol of strength.
The Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is an American symbol.
The Statue of Liberty was a gift from France.  It is an American symbol of freedom.
The White House is the President's house.  It is an American symbol.
Mount Rushmore is a rock sculpture of four presidents.  It is an American symbol.
The Lincoln Memorial is a statue of President Abraham Lincoln.  It is an American symbol.
The Capitol Building in Washington, D.C. is an American symbol.
The Great Seal is our national emblem.  It is an American symbol.
The Washington Monument is five hundred and fifty five feet tall.  It is an American symbol.
Uncle Sam is a man that represents the United States.  He is an American symbol.
America has many symbols of freedom, justice and courage.  Cheer for America!

Sarah and Tina
I used to be by myself, so I played by myself.
Suddenly, Tina was born. She is very nice.
Tina is someone very special to me.
Now Tina is fun to play with.
When Tina got home, she liked it.
We play with each other.
We are playing a game.
Now we are sisters.
When we go to the playground we see stuff.
We played in the playground.
We like swinging so high.
We like playing checkers.
Tina had to go to Grandma's now.

Dog Antics
I sure miss you.
The best part of my day is thinking about you.
I told you I'd find your sock.
Please take me out for a Timmies.
Just try and stop me.
You think your school photo is nice?
Nope, I'm not moving over.
Please, may I have a treat?
In your face!
Really, is my breath that bad?
You want us to what?
Bet you can't do this!
We love our bath.
I'm just hanging out with my buddy.
Can't catch me!
Frisky in action!
I'm all ears.
I'm cute.
What a day!

The 10 Highest-Earning Movies of All Time
These movies made a lot of money.
"The Lord of the Rings" made $370 million.
"Star Wars Episode 3" made $380 million.
"Spiderman" made $407 million.
"Pirates of the Caribbean 2" made $423 million.
"Star Wars Episode 1" made $431 million.
"E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" made
$435 million.
"Shrek 2" made $437 million.
"Star Wars Episode 4" made $461 million.
"The Dark Knight" made $522 million.
Do you know the movie that made the most money?  Here's a hint!
How about now?
Maybe now?
The movie is...
"The Titanic"  It made $601 million.
All 10 movies together made about $4.5 billion.  That's a lot of money!
Who wants to be an actor?

Calligraphy
Calligraphy is the art of beautiful handwriting.
Some writing is so beautiful, it becomes art.
Beautiful writing is used for special occasions.
Some writing is beautiful, but hard to read.
A calligrapher uses special tools.
A dish of ink and brushes in different sizes.
Fine paper and a smooth surface.
A collection of pens for writing beautifully.
Beautiful writing takes a lot of time.
Beautiful writing takes a lot of practice.
All over the world...
...people learn to write beautifully.

Let's Explore Under the  Sea
I see a sea anemone.
I see a school of fish.
I see a clownfish.
I see a jellyfish.
I see people swimming under the sea.
I see a fish with big lips.
I see some pretty coral.
I see a lonely fish.
I see a stingray.
I see a fish swimming by itself.
I see four swimming dolphins.
I see a dolphin doing a trick.
I see some very colorful fish.

At the fair
Let's go to the fair!
We can ride the Ferris Wheel and see all around!
Or, spin high up in the air! Our feet can't touch the ground!
We can eat some tasty food,
and see the kids zoom by fast!
We can listen to music, too!
We can watch the beautiful fireworks!
It was a fun day at the fair!

Crystal At  Sealicious
Crystal wanted to see fish.
Crystal and her mom went for a walk.
Crystal's mom took her to Sealicious, an aquarium of fish.
She saw Bloaty, the Blowfish.
She saw Gary, the grumpy fish.
She saw Kory, the Koi fish.
She saw Larry, the long fish.
She saw Spiky, the red fish.
She saw Herbert, the happy fish.
Crystal had fun seeing fish.

Birds2
Bird on a house,
bird on the sea.
Bird in the sky,
bird in a tree.
Fly to the house,
fly to the sea.
Fly in the sky,
fly to me.
Birds at night,
birds on a wire.
Birds in the snow,
birds in the "fire."
Birds below,
birds above.
Birds as art,
birds in LOVE!

The Life Of  a  Koi Fish
Japanese koi have beautiful colors and a gentle nature.
Koi like to be fed by hand. If you throw food in the pond, they will do their nutsy dance.
You need the right kind of environment to breed koi.
When the female koi is ready to release her eggs, the male koi will push against her body.
Koi can produce thousands and thousands of eggs.
Koi like to have lots of pond plants to swim under.
Large birds are a worry for koi. Who wants to be a free lunch?
Lots of pond plants ensure a healthy environment. Some koi can live to be fifty years old.

Smiling Faces
in the park
in the sun
at the beach
with my family
in the snow
in the water
with my friends
Smile!

Turtles
One turtle
Two turtles
Three turtles
Four turtles
Five turtles

Precious!
remarkable
beautiful
playful
comfort
warmth
amazing
special

Halloween Time!
It's time for Halloween!
The jack-o-lanterns are lit.
The candies are ready to eat.
The kids have their costumes on.
Most are ready,
but some are not!
The spiders have spun their webs.
They are ready.
The cats are ready,
but the dogs are not.
The ghosts are ready to scare you!
Are you ready for Halloween?

Friends
Best friends are for...
having fun at the beach,
sharing lunch,
listening to me,
sharing snack time,
remembering me,
giving big hugs,
and playing catch.
All you need is love.

Halloween
Happy Halloween!!
ghostly choir
hangin' out
Don't touch my candy!
pumpkin carving contest
costume party
trick-or-treat!
The end

Dogs
one dog
two dogs
happy dog
sad dog
small dog
big dog
black dog
white dog
sleeping dog
awake dog
sitting dog
standing dog

Mysteries of the Sea
The energy of thought is at the heart of the ocean.
There is a relative field above the sea and an absolute field below the surface.
Earth, air, water, and fire are the basis of creation on earth.
Water, while subtle, is also very strong.
Man has learned to travel over the surface of the water.
Man has learned to observe life forms within  the sea.
As a result, the human population can now study the depths of the sea.
Life flourishes in many different forms in the oceans.
Here is an undersea creature that resembles an animal that lives on the surface of the earth.
Man hunts the sea for food and sport.
All is a composite of a one world community.
Fish and other undersea life forms often travel in schools.
Life flocks have their own inner intuitive radar.
As on earth, life comes into and goes out of manifestation in endless cycles under the sea.
The sea goddess watches the ages pass from her serene perspective hidden in the depths of the sea.

Jellyfish
Jellyfish!
One jellyfish,
two jellyfish,
red jellyfish,
blue jellyfish!

Ocean Fun!
Let's go to the ocean!
What will we see?
Maybe some pretty coral,
or a manta ray.
Can you see the colorful fish?
Watch the shark- it's swimming fast!
Now, look at the whale. It's coming our way!
But it's getting late so it's time to go!
Let's say goodbye to our ocean friends!

Under the Sea
If I lived in the water what would I do?
I'd see the big walrus catching the sun's rays.
I'd count my favorite shells.
I'd go dancing with the dolphins.
Making new friends would be my favorite thing.
I'd hang out in school.
I'd jump into the deep blue sea.
Nothing is better than the big blue sea.

One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish!
One fish, two fish, red fish, blue fish!
One fish,
two fish,
red fish,
blue fish!

Cow Faces
The cow is funny.
The cow is funny.
The cow is boring.
The cow is cool.
The cow is sleepy.
The cow is hairy.
The cow is good.
THE END.

Strawberries
I love strawberries.
I love fresh picked strawberries.
I love strawberries on fresh toast.
I love strawberries in salad.
I love strawberry dessert.
I love strawberry cake.
Strawberries make me smile.

Apples
Apples
Some apples are red.
Dogs like to eat apples.
Some apples are green.
Some apples are yellow.
Apples grow on trees.
Deer like to eat apples.
We eat apples in apple pie.

Apples
Apples are colorful!
Apples can be red.
Apples can be green.
Apples can be red and green!
Apples can even be yellow!

Our First President
George Washington was a very important man.
George Washington was born in 1732, .
His father died when he was 11.
Planting in fields was his first job.
George became a general in the army when he was 20.
George fought in the French and Indian War in 1754.
George married Martha in 1759.
George fought in the Revolutionary War.
George was the United State's first president.
Do you know who this is?

Bands A-Z
A is for AC/DC.
B is for the Beatles.
C is for Credence Clearwater Revival.
D is for Def Leppard.
E is for Elvis Presley.
F is for Foo Fighters.
G is for Guns n' Roses.
H is for Hootie and the Blow Fish.
I is for Incubus.
J is for Jimmy Hendrix.
K is for The Killers.
L is for Linkin Park.
M is for Marilyn Manson.
N is for No Doubt.
O is for OK Go.
P is for The Police.
Q is for Queen.
R is for the Rolling Stones.
S is for Stone Temple Pilots.
T is for Tommy Lee.
U is for U2.
V is for Van Halen.
W is for Weezer.
You should make a band that starts with the letter X or Y!
Z is for ZZ Top.
Which band is your favorite?

Pumpkins
Pumpkins are orange.
Pumpkins grow in fields.
We decorate pumpkins at Halloween.
We carve pumpkins to make Jack-O-Lanterns.
We use pumpkins to make pumpkin pie!

Ken Griffey, Jr.
This is young Ken Griffey, Jr.
Ken Griffey, Jr. and Ken Griffey, Sr. are at the game.
Ken Griffey, Jr. is hitting a home run.
Ken Griffey, Jr. is at a great American ball park.
Ken Griffey, Jr. plays in right field.

Trucks
This van is yellow and big.
This thing
is hard to drive.
This truck is old.
Trucks are cool.
The truck is shaped like a roller coaster.

School
Kids go to school.
Kids catch the bus.
The kids like school.
These are kids.
These are the kids' desks.
This is the staff room.
We eat our lunch in here.
This is our gym.
It's big.
We play games in here.
Kids aren't allowed in here.
The kids like to play in the playground.
I like the swing.
Now you know a bit about the school.
Now you know how I learn.

Colleges A-Z
A is for Auburn University.
B is for Brigham Young University.
C is for Clemson University.
D is for Davidson College.
E is for East Carolina University.
F is for Florida State University.
G is for Georgetown University.
H is for Harvard University.
I is for Illinois University.
J is for James Madison University.
K is for Kansas State University.
L is for Lafayette College.
M is for Michigan State University.
N is for North Carolina State University.
O is for Ohio State University.
P is for Pennsylvania State University.
Q is for Quinnipiac College.
R is for Rutgers University.
S is for Stanford University.
T is for Temple University.
U is for the University of North Carolina.
V is for Vanderbilt University.
W is for Wake Forest University.
X is for Xavier University.
Y is for Yale University.
Zeeesh! That was a lot of colleges. Which is your favorite?

The Beach
I love to go to the beach.
These are chairs at the beach.
These are boats at the beach.
These are clouds at the beach.
These are fish at the beach.
These are footprints at the beach.
These are huts at the beach.
These are trees at the beach.
These are penguins at the beach.
These are people at the beach.
These are rocks at the beach.
These are sisters at the beach.
Have you ever been to the beach?

Worms
This worm is in the dirt.
This worm is in an apple.
This worm is in a burr.
This worm is in a hand.
This worm is in a hat.
This worm is in a man.
This worm is in a lollipop.
This worm is in a web.
This worm is in a brain.
This worm is no more.

Apples
Apples are fruit.
Apples grow on trees.
Apples are red, yellow or green
You can eat apples.

Art Museum
We are going to visit the art museum!
We might see the Mona Lisa by Leonardo da Vinci.
We might see Girl Before a Mirror by Pablo Picasso.
We might see The Son of Man by Rene Magritte.
We might see Starry Starry Night by Vincent Van Gogh.
We might see The School of Athens by Raphael.
We might see The Dancer by Pierre-Auguste Renoir.
What art do you want to see?

Can You Find It?
This is a red pencil.
Can you find the red pencil in this picture?
Here is the red pencil!
This is a black plug.
Can you find the black plug in this picture?
Here is the black plug!
This is a brown rubber band.
Can you find the brown rubber band in this picture?
Here is the brown rubber band!
This is a pink tack.
Can you find the pink tack in this picture?
Here is the pink tack!
This is a red Starburst.
Can you find the red Starburst in this picture?
Here is the red starburst!
This is a silver ring.
Can you find the silver ring in this picture?
Here is the silver ring! Great job!

My Alarm Clock
When my alarm goes off...
I have to brush my hair.
I have to brush my teeth.
I have to change my clothes.
I have to eat breakfast.
I have to make my bed.
I have to get my books.
I have to get my lunch.
I have to put on my shoes.
I have to go to class. Yuck.

Beards!
There are all kinds of beards!
Some beards are white.
Some beards are black.
Some beards are long.
Some beards are short.
Some beards are full.
Some beards are not.
Some beards are simple.
Some beards are complex.
Some beards are funny.
Some beards are fun.
All kinds of people have beards!
Pirates have beards.
Generals have beards.
Scholars have beards.
Warriors have beards.
Wizards have beards.
Cowboys have beards.
Even Santa Claus has a beard!
But girls should not have beards!

Rain forests
Rain forests are found throughout the world.
Rain forests have huge water falls.
Rain forests have beautiful flowers.
Rain forests have old trees.
Rain forests have a lot of rain.
Rain forests have colorful butterflies.
Rain forests have funny looking birds.
Rain forests have huge roots.
AHH! Beware of snakes in the rain forests.

The Seven Wonders of the World
Let's go see the Seven Wonders of the World!
This is the Colosseum in Italy.
This is the Chichen Itza in Mexico.
This is the Great Wall of China in China.
This is the Christ Redeemer in Brazil.
This is the Taj Mahal in India.
This is the Petra in Jordan.
This is Machu Picchu in Peru.
Our world is a wonderful place!

Cats and Mice
I dare you!
I got you!
Practice is hard!
We are on the big hunt.
Get back here, you!
I told you so.
Who are you looking at?
He's gonna get you...
Okay, it is time to hide.

The Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962
The Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962
Russia put nuclear missiles in Cuba.
The missiles could have hit America.
America threatened to attack Cuba.
America and Russia negotiated.
The world was almost destroyed!
Thankfully, the missiles were removed.
The world was safe.
Could it happen again?

Shoes
A shoe can be red.
A shoe can be orange.
A shoe can be yellow.
A shoe can be green.
A shoe can be blue.
A shoe can be purple.
A shoe can be pink.
A shoe can be brown.
A shoe can be black.
A shoe can be white.
What color are your shoes?

I Want Bathroom
Everyday I go to the bathroom.
Everyone needs the bathroom.
If I want the bathroom, first I say...
I want bathroom.
I can go to the bathroom after  I say...
I want bathroom.

Adventures in Thrift Shopping
Come thrift shopping with me!
We can get an old chair for a good price.
Maybe you like the old green chair better?
We can get old handmade blankets.
We can get old books.
We can get old dishes.
My favorite part of the store:  the clothes!
I love this blue sweater.
I love this red dress, too.
Make sure the shoes are your size!
Some old toys are very funny.
Look at all the old games!
Time to pay, but not too much.
Our old treasures make our house more fun.

Mollie
This is Mollie.
She likes to play.
She likes to run outside.
She wears a coat when it is cold.
Mollie is a princess.
Sometimes she gets tired.
So Mollie just rests.

The Dinosaurs That Used to Live Here
The T rex is a dinosaur that others hate.
Run, run don't be late!
This is a long neck.  He walks fast.
He would let the T Rex go past.
A little T Rex, this giant just ate.
Now he is a skeleton, it was his fate.

I Love Crocodiles!
I love crocodiles.
Crocodiles can be funny.
Crocodiles like to lay in the sun.
Crocodiles have funny eyes.
This crocodile likes the mud.
Some crocodiles live near the ocean.
Some crocodiles live in the swamp.
I love crocodiles, don't you?

The Bank Robbery
It's just a typical day at the bank.
Oh no!  The bank is being robbed!
Robbers are breaking into the vault.
They're getting away!
Don't worry, the cops caught them.
The bad guys are behind bars!
Crime doesn't pay!

I Can Use Pronouns!
When we talk about people we use words like "he" and "she".
This is a girl.  We need to say "SHE"
This is a boy.  We need to say "HE"
Let's try some more!
She is sitting.
He is playing.
She is going potty.  She is also reading.
She is smelling flowers.
He is skateboarding.
He is crying.
She is laughing.
He is eating.
He is drinking.
When we talk about more than one person we need to say "THEY".  They are jumping.
They are sitting.
They are hugging.
They are kissing.
They are diving.
They are making music.
They are walking.
They are reading.
They are at the beach.
I love to use pronouns when I talk.

Classrooms
This is the school building. It is a four story school.
This is my classroom. It is on the top floor. We are learning about seat belts right now.
This is in my classroom. It is there so that we know how to leave the building quickly.
My school has lots of stairs. One day I tried to count them all, but I lost count!
So, instead I counted the lifts. There were only two, so that was easy!
Our classroom is always busy.

Alphabet Sports
Can you name 26 sports?
Archery is a sport.
Basketball is a sport.
Cricket is a sport.
Dodge ball is a sport.
Equestrian is a sport.
Football is a sport.
Golf is a sport.
Handball is a sport.
Ice hockey is a sport.
Judo is a sport.
Knee boarding is a sport.
Lacrosse is a sport.
Marathon running is a sport.
Net ball is a sport.
Ox Racing is a sport.
Polo is a sport.
Quail hunting is a sport.
Riflery is a sport.
Swimming is a sport.
Track and Field is a sport.
Underwater rugby is a sport.
Volleyball is a sport.
Wrestling is a sport.
Xingyiquan is a sport.
Yacht racing is a sport.
Zourkhaneh is a sport.
What is your favorite sport.  I guess you can name twenty six sports.

Sexy Girls From Around the World
Sexy Girls From Around the World
DISCLAIMER
This girl is Japanese.
This girl is Ethiopian.
This girl is Latin American.
This girl is Russian.
This girl is French.
This girl is Arab.
The sexiest girls are...
AMERICAN!

The Adventures of Baby and Heidi
This is Baby.  She's a ten year old Great Dane who loves to go for walks.
This is her best friend Heidi, a four year old Scottish Terrier who also loves to go for walks.
One day, they decided to go for a walk in the forest.
They were always looking for something interesting to smell or chase in the woods.
Suddenly, Baby's head popped up.  She heard something in the tree!
Heidi heard it, too. What could it be?
They rushed over to sniff around the tree to try to figure it out.  They did not see anything.
Baby looked around.
Heidi looked around.
What could be crawling around way up in that tree?  Baby and Heidi were starting to get scared.
SQUEAK, SQUEAK!  Aww, it was just their friend Penny, the guinea pig!

Boogers, Boogers Everywhere
What do you get when you pick your nose?  Boogers, boogers, everywhere!
Boogers on a cat,
Boogers on a dog.  Boogers, boogers, everywhere!
Boogers on a pig,
Boogers on a cow.  Boogers, boogers, everywhere!
Sneezing cat,
Sneezing dog.  Sneezing, sneezing, everywhere!
Sneezing baby,
Sneezing girl, sneezing, sneezing, everywhere.
You may think all of this is funny...but it's snot!

The Solar System
The Earth and other planets revolve around the sun.
These are the planets in our solar system.
Some are much bigger than Earth; some are smaller.
The black speck is Mercury, seen against the sun.
The white speck is Venus, seen at night near the moon.
Earth is the only planet where people live.
There is ice on Mars, but it's too cold for water.
Jupiter is the largest planet, with massive storms.
Saturn is famous for its rings.
The moons of Uranus are named for characters in Shakespeare's plays.
Neptune, a blue-green planet, is named for the Roman god of the sea.
Pluto is small and far away--not even counted as a planet these days.
We are family of planets, around one star.

Date Night
We are going on a date. Where should we go?
We could go to a restaurant.
We could go to a movie.
We could go bowling.
We could go shopping.
We could go to a concert.
We could go to the park.
We could go for a drive.
We could go to a ballet.
We could go fishing.
We could go to a game.
Wherever we go, I hope I get a kiss!

Brutus by Justin
Brutus is wearing a red and white robe.
Brutus has a graduation gown on.
Brutus is wearing a spacesuit.
Brutus is at the Buckeye game.
Brutus looks like he is dressed for Halloween.

Vacation
Where do you want to go for vacation?
Do you want to go to the beach?
Do you want to go to the mountains?
Do you want to go to the city?
Do you want to go to the theme park?
Do you want to go to the water park?
Do you want to go to the sporting event?
Do you want to go to Europe?
Do you want to go to Asia?
Do you want to go to South America?
Hurry up and pick or we're staying at home!

Jungle Book
I like the Jungle Book.
See Bagheera.
The snake is Kaa.
Here is Baloo and a monkey.
That is Tiger Shere Khan.

Colorful Clothing
This man's jeans are blue.
This boy's shirt is red.
These shoes are brown.
This man has an orange hat.
She has a yellow coat.
They have green gloves.
Clothing comes in many colors.

Dd is for ...
donut
dog
dance
dinosaur
doctors
doll
duck
daffodils

How Many?
Here are three desserts.
That is one flower.
This plant has four leaves.
Two birds are on the tree.
I see six eggs for breakfast.
Five people are waiting for the bus.

Animal Colors
Animals come in many colors.
This frog is red.
This dog is black.
This lamb is white.
This squirrel is brown.
This butterfly is blue.
This fish is yellow.
This bird is green.
What color do you like best?

Dogs
one dog
two dogs
three dogs
four dogs
five dogs

Crossing the Street
Walk or don't walk?
Don't walk.
Wait.
Walk.
Don't walk.
Wait.
Walk.
Don't walk.
Wait to cross the street.
Walk.
Don't walk.
Wait.
Walk.
Don't walk.
Wait. See the cars.
Walk.
Look before you cross the street!

Dinosaurs for Matthew
Matthew loves dinosaurs.
All that is left of dinosaurs now are fossil bones.
There are toy dinosaurs.
There are no more big scary dinosaurs.
There used to be spiky dinosaurs.
There were dinosaurs that had big teeth.
Some dinosaurs were giants.
Dinosaurs do not like to use the computer.
There are still silly toy dinosaurs.

Carolina Basketball
Carolina basketball is the best.
We have Coach Roy, the best coach in the world.
We have Tyler Hansbrough.
Tyler Hansbrough can slam dunk.
We are better than Duke.
But nobody likes Duke anyway.
We are so good we make the other team cry.
Come watch us play!

Shark Attack
I love the beach.
I love to scuba dive.
I love to swim.
I love to surf.
I don't like sharks.
They can bite!
OUCH!

All Around the World
A is for Australia.
B is for Belgium.
C is for Costa Rica.
D is for Denmark.
E is for Ethiopia.
F is for Fiji.
G is for Guatemala.
H is for Holland.
I is for Iceland.
J is for Jamaica.
K is for Kenya.
L is for Laos.
M is for Madagascar.
N is for Nicaragua.
O is for Oman.
P is for Puerto Rico.
Q is for Qatar.
R is for Russia.
S is for Switzerland.
T is for Tunisia.
U is for Uruguay.
V is for Venezuela.
W is for Wales.
Uh oh...There is not a country that starts with the letter X!
Y is for Yugoslavia.
Z is for Zimbabwe.
All around the world from A to Z!

Rainbow of Food
Food comes in every color of the rainbow.
Strawberries are red.
Grapefruit is orange.
Bananas are yellow.
Broccoli is green.
Blueberries are blue.
Eggplant is purple.
Eggs are white.
Licorice is black.
Boogers are brown.  Should we  eat those?
No Way!

Animals Do Some Crazy Things...
Did you know that dogs chew on bones?
Or that cats and raccoons play the violin?
And that cats sometimes drink soda,
while ducks go for a swim.
Baby monkeys need high fives,
while dogs need to chill and look cool.
Lions sometimes fight,
and hippos like to smile in the pool.
Lemurs like to box,
and enjoy a nice snack.
While lions hug trees,
or take a nice long nap.
I've seen armadillos on cars,
and prairie dogs kiss!
But of all the animals in the world....
No one is as STINKY as this!
Yuck! He is stinky!!!

My Feelings
I am sad.
I am happy.
I am bored.
I am mad.
I am excited!
How are you?

Tattoos
There are many kinds of tattoos.
Tattoos can be black.
Tattoos can be colorful.
Tattoos can be long.
Tattoos can be big.
Tattoos can be small.
Tattoos can be funny.
Tattoos can be scary.
Tattoos can be pretty.
Tattoos can be cute.
Tattoos can be strange.
Tattoos can be cool.
Can I get a tattoo?

2008's Most Expensive Cars
This car is the Maybach 57S.  It costs $367,000.
This car is the Maybach 62.  It costs $385,250.
This car is the Porsche Carrera GT.  It costs $440,000.
This car is the Mercedes Benz SLR McLaren.  It costs $457,250.
This car is the Koenigsegg CCX.  It costs $545,568.
This car is the Saleen S7 Twin-Turbo.  It costs $555,000.
This car is the LeBlanc Mirabeau.  It costs $645,084.
This car is the SSC Ultimate Aero.  It costs $654,400.
This car is the Pagaini Zonda C12F.  It costs $667,321.
The most expensive car in the world is...
...the Bugatti Veyron.  It costs $1,192,057.
You'll need more than a dollar to afford one of these cars!

Cupcakes
Chocolate cupcakes are best.
Lots of different coloured ones are fun.
Raspberries on top are good.
Roses on top are pretty.
Butterflies are pretty on cupcakes, too.

A.J. Sees Animals.
A.J. sees animals.
I see a cat.
I see a dog.
I see a fish.
I see a cow.
I see a horse.
I see a pig.
I see a rabbit.

Angel Sees Animals.
Angel sees animals.
I see a cat.
I see a dog.
I see a fish.
I see a cow.
I see a horse.
I see a pig.
I see a rabbit.

I See Animals
I see a cat.
I see a dog.
I see a fish.
I see a cow.
I see a horse.
I see a pig.
I see a rabbit.

Inventions
This is an invention.
Thomas Edison invented the light bulb.
Henry Ford invented the car.
Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone.
Abbe Caselli invented the television.
John Larson invented the lie detector.
Willis Carrier invented the air conditioner.
Michael Faraday invented balloons.
James Naismith invented basketball.
Walter Camp invented football.
Roy Jacuzzi invented the jacuzzi.
Watch out! Albert Einstein invented the Atomic Bomb.

I Love Football!
I love football!
The football players wait on the sidelines.
The cheerleaders cheer.
The player looks for the ball.
The quarterback calls the play.
It's almost a touchdown.
It's going to be a tackle.
The player throws the ball.
Players run fast.
Some players are big!
The ball waits to be kicked.
It's going to be a long throw.
Everybody loves football!

When I Win Lotto
When I win lotto...
I will be 
super-rich!
I will buy a red Ferrari.
Man, I will be real cool.
When I win lotto...
I will dance all night,
and sleep all day.
Life will be groovy.
When I win lotto...
I will hang out with movie stars.
The chicks will dig me,
when I win lotto.
I have one chance in a billion,
like a million others.
It is better to save my money,
and study real hard.
When I earn a million bucks...
I will buy a red Ferrari.

Look Who Rides the School Bus!
Here is our school bus. Come and meet the kids who ride it.
This is Lisa and Oliver. Lisa loves the bus. Oliver loves music.
This is Hannah. She likes to play netball on Saturdays.
This is Lucy. She loves her friends.
This is James. He loves the bus.
This is Olivia. She likes the swings.
This is the school building. The end.

Our C book
C
C is for cookie.
C is for coat
C is for Mr. Carter.
C is for candy
C is for chicken
C is for Mr. Coble
C is for car
C is for cupcake
C is for Mrs. Cooper
C is for cat
C is for cloud
C

Our Favorite Costumes
What will you be for Halloween?
I will be a fairy.
I will be a pumpkin.
I will be a princess.
I will be a butterfly.
We will be butterflies too!
I will be Spiderman.
I will be Batman.
I will be Violet from the Invisibles.
I will be a pea pod.
I will be a bat.
We all love to dress up for Halloween!

Giraffes
Giraffes
This is a giraffe.
This is a mum and a baby giraffe.
The giraffe is eating leaves from a tree.
I see the giraffes drinking water.
I see the giraffes playing.
This is my favourite picture.
The End

By Jonathon

Different Cats
Some cats are different
Some cats are clean
Some cats are smart
Some cats are silly
Some cats can fly
Some cats can walk
Some cats give baby kisses
Some cats play hide and seek
Some cats say their prayers
Sweet dreams.

Counting Cars
One car
Two cars
Three cars
Four cars
Five cars
Six cars
How many cars?

Halloween is  . . .
scary spiders
fall leaves
ghosts
costumes
pumpkins
jack-o-lanterns
scary houses
trick-or-treat
lots of candy
Fun!

Jessie Goes to the Seashore
Sand
Sack
Sunglasses
Sunscreen
Sandals
Sea shells
Sand bucket
Sunflower Seeds
Sandwich
Soda pop

Cup Cakes
One day I went to a birthday party and we ate cupcakes.
We drank all the delicious drinks our tummy could fit.
My favourite cupcakes were the ones with lollies on top.
When I got home, my daddy said I should eat less cup cakes and more vegetables. My daddy loves tomatoes.
My mummy loves peaches.
My sister loves strawberries.
But I love cupcakes.

My Shoe Collection
I love shoes!
Blue shoes,
spotty shoes,
Ballet shoes(although they are a bit too pointy!).
I love green shoes,
shiny shoes,
flat shoes,
tall shoes,
and red shoes.
I LOVE shoes!

Healthy Food
Vegetables are healthy.
Apples are healthy.
Tomatoes are healthy.
Peaches are healthy.
Strawberries are healthy.
Cupcakes are not really very healthy - but they are yummy!

Kayla's Virtues
Helpfulness.
Caring.
Joyfulness.
Love.
Friendliness.
Kindness.
Unity.

braedon
This is tact.
This is trust.
This is service.
This is joy fulness.
This is trust.
This is purpose fulness.
This is  my cat is helping me.
Showing is me doing self displine.
This is the cat showing  courage.
This is gentleness.
The mum loves her baby.
This is unity.

Alphabet Animals
Alphabet Animals
Alligator
Baboon
Cheetah
Donkey
Elephant
Grasshopper
Hen
Iguana
Jackrabbit
Kangaroo
Lobster
Mongoose
Nematode
Octopus
Pig
Quail
Reindeer
Shark
Turtle
Uromastyx
Vulture
Whale
OXen
Yak
Zebra
Whats your favorite letter?

I See the Animals
I see the jellyfish.
I see the dolphin.
I see the horse.
I see the kangaroo.
I see the lion.
I see the rabbit.
I see the snake.
I see the cat.

I Like Bikes!
Here is a blue bike.
Here are two bikes.
This is a bike up in the air.
That is a bike carrying something.
The wrong way!
He is lucky to have a motorbike.
This bike can fly!
Don't forget your helmet!

Manuela's Virtues
These are Manuella's Virtues.
Caring
Flexibility
Unity
Gentleness
I must work on the virtue of joyfulness.

Animal ABCs
by Ms. Beaty's Class
A is for ant.
B is for boa constrictor.
C is for cow.
D is for dog.
E is for elephant.
F is for fish.
G is for giraffe.
H is for horse.
I is for iguana.
J is for jaguar.
K is for kangaroo.
L is for lion.
M is for monkey.
N is for newt.
O is for orangutan.
P is for pelican.
Q is for quail.
R is for rabbit.
S is for snake.
T is for turtle.
U is for unicorn.
V is for vampire bat.
W is for whale.
X is for x-ray fish.
Y is for yak.
Z is for zebra.

Dangerous
Watch out!
Alligators are dangerous.
Arrows are dangerous.
Black widows are dangerous.
Brass knuckles are dangerous.
Cliffs are dangerous.
Drugs are dangerous.
Electric shocks are dangerous.
Fires are dangerous.
Floods are dangerous.
Guns are dangerous.
Hurricanes are dangerous.
Icebergs are dangerous.
Jellyfish are dangerous.
Knives are dangerous.
Lightning bolts are dangerous.
Lions are dangerous.
Mines are dangerous.
Nunchuks are dangerous.
Overlooks are dangerous.
Piranhas are dangerous.
Quakes are dangerous.
Robots are dangerous.
Saws are dangerous.
Sharks are dangerous.
Slips are dangerous.
Tigers are dangerous.
Trees are dangerous.
Tornadoes are dangerous.
Urchins are dangerous.
Vipers are dangerous.
Wasps are dangerous.
Wolves are dangerous.
X-rays are dangerous.
Yeti are dangerous.
Yellow jackets are dangerous.
Zzzz, I'm safer in bed.

Jealous
Have you ever felt jealous?
Have you ever wished for a toy that belonged to another kid?
I wish they were my chips!!
Feeling jealous can make you feel hot inside.
Sometimes when you are feeling  jealous,  sharing something of yours can make you feel better.

The Wiggles
Meet The Wiggles!
This is Sam. He wears yellow.
This is Anthony.  He wears blue.
This is Jeff.  He wears purple.
This is Murray.  He wears red.
There are other characters in The Wiggles, as well.
There is Dorothy the Dinosaur,
Henry the Octopus,
Wags the dog,
and Captain Feathersword!

Lollies!!
I like lollies lots!
Here are packets of lollies.
Do you like marshmallow people?
I love lollipops lots!
Do you like lollipops?
I said I do!
When I go into a lolly shop,
my eyes POP open with all the choices!
There are so many choices!
There are rows of lollies,
stacks of lollies,
and mountains of lollies!
Yum!
I want tons of lollies!
Do you like lollies?

Summer
We like to go to the beach.
We like to swim.
We like to eat ice cream.
We like to build sandcastles.
We like to watch fireworks.
We like summer.

Voting
Why should I vote when I'm old enough?
Because your opinion is important.
Because there are causes you care about.
Because there are candidates you support--or not.
On election day, you go to a polling place.
There might be a line to vote.
Or there might not be a line to vote.
You might see a lot of campaign signs outside.
The ballot is a list of names and questions for you to vote on.
You fill out the ballot in private.
The ballot goes into a ballot box.
Poll workers can help you if you need help.
And they give you a sticker when you're done.

Ice Cream
I feel like chocolate ice cream.
Rows and rows of ice cream,
peppermint ice cream,
ice cream cupcakes,
towers of sorbet,
and Mr. Softee ice Cream.
I want plates full of it,
bowls full of it,
pudding and more ice-cream,
and a mango-berry pop!
But mum gives me veggies instead!

My Dream Garden
I dreamed I lived in a beautiful white house with red shutters.
My dream house had a pond with beautiful lily pads for frogs to sun bake on.
At the bottom of the garden of my dream house were flowers as high as me.
My house had a cozy courtyard for me to sit and admire my dreamy garden.
The grass felt like velvet under my toes.
I skipped to the end of my garden and jumped off the wooden bridge into my morning.

Our Senses
We use our eyes to look.
We use our ears to listen.
We use our nose to smell.
We use our fingers to touch.
We use our tongue to taste.
We use our senses to help us get to know the world.

My Fairy Tale
Once upon a time there was a fairy who loved apples.
She was a good fairy who also loved flowers.
She had a magical crown.
The fairy and her sister used the crown to make wishes.
They wished to live in a shoe, so they did!

Science A to Z
A is for atom.
B is for Bucky ball.
C is for collider.
D is for DNA.
E is for element.
F is for Foucault's pendulum.
G is for gravity.
H is for H2O.
I is for ice.
J is for jet.
K is for kidney.
L is for light.
M is for mineral.
N is for nuclear.
O is for ocean.
P is for planet.
Q is for quark.
R is for radio.
S is for sun.
T is for Tesla coil.
U is for universe.
V is for vortex.
W is for wave.
X is X-ray.
Y is for yolk.
Z is for zero gravity.

Pirates!
a pirate ship
a pirate rope
a pirate's eye patch
a pirate battle
a pirate hat
a pirate bird
a pirate flag
a pirate crew
a pirate coin
Arr!

Sports
Soccer is a sport.
Cross Country is a sport.
Track is a sport.
Wrestling is a sport.
Swimming is a sport.
Bicycling is a sport.
Volleyball is a sport.
Water polo is a sport.
Basketball is a sport.
Cheer leading is a sport.
Football is a sport.
What sport is your favorite?

The E Book
E is for eggs.
E is for elephants.
E is for eat.
E is for ears.
E is for eagle.
E is for exercise.
E is for eyes.
E is for Earth.
I love the letter E.

Ice Cream
Everybody loves ice cream!
It looks like this guy has a sweet tooth! Look out ice cream truck!
Ice cream comes in different flavors like chocolate.  This is my favorite.
This is a brownie ice cream sundae. Yum!
People also like strawberry ice cream.
This one looks like an ice cream cupcake.
Some flavors are vanilla with orange, like this one.
Some people will dream of ice cream in their sleep!

There is Nothing to Do!
What can I do?
I can go for a swim.
I can play a game.
I can watch a DVD.
I can visit a friend.
I can go bowling.
I can watch TV.
I can go for a walk.
I can watch  sport.
I can fly a kite.
I can go online.
Tar Heel Readers are the best!

Life is good!
Today we can hit.
Today we can play.
Today we can sit.
Today we can lay.
Today we can fit.
Today we can sleep on the hay.
Life is good!

The Beach is a Great Place !
There is so much to do.
You can go for a walk.
You can chase the seagulls.
You can be very lazy.
You can play with the dog.
You can go with the family.
You can paddle.
You can play on the sand
You can go snorkeling.
You can chase the waves.
You can sit with your friends.
You can play in the water.
You can make sandcastles.
You always need to take
sunscreen
and a hat!

Dragons
Dragons!
This is a dragon.
I see the dragon blowing fire.
This is my best dragon.
This is a colourful dragon.
See all of my dragon pictures.
The End
By Eric

Cats, Cats, Cats
Some cats are tall.
Some cats make music.
Some cats drink coke.
Some cats eat fish.
Some cats are naughty.
Some cats have friends
Some cats are lonely.
Some cats are... not cats!
That's not a cat, that's a monkey!

The O Book
O is for oranges.
O is for ostrich.
O is for owl.
O is for oven.
O is for open book.
O is for octupus.
O is for orchid.
O is for one.
O is for ocean.

Our B Book
B
B is for ball.
B is for bat.
B is for Mr. D. Barnes.
B is for broom.
B is for bread.
B is for Mrs. Baker.
B is for broccoli.
B is for baseball.
B is for Mr. M. Barnes.
B is for black bear.
B is for beans.
B is for Ben.
B is for butterfly.
B is for banana.
B is for Brandon.
B is for bird.
B is for book.
B is for Ms. Barnes.
B

Kittens Everywhere!
A tiny kitten
playful kittens
A sleepy kitten
A bashful kitten
overhead kittens
snuggly kittens.
another sleepy kitten
a curious kitten
a wobbly kitten
Yet another sleepy kitten!
an outdoor kitten
a brave kitten.
a thirsty kitten
A contented kitten
Who, me?

Leonardo da Vinci Facts
The Mona Lisa is Leonardo da Vinci's most famous painting.
This is The Last Supper.
This is a statue of Leonardo da Vinci.
This is Leonardo da Vinci, too.
Leonardo da Vinci was born April 15, 1452 in Florence, Italy.
Leonardo da Vinci died on the May 2,  1519. He would now be 556 years old.
This is where Leonardo da Vinci lived.
The Mona Lisa is in The Louvre in Paris.
It took 16 years to paint the Mona Lisa.
The Mona Lisa is also known as The Laughing One.

What You Might See in Washington, D.C.
You might see the White House.
You might see the Washington Monument.
You might see the Lincoln Memorial.
You might see the U.S. Capitol.
You might see the Vietnam War Memorial.
You might see the Jefferson Memorial.
You might see President Kennedy's grave site.
You might see the Tomb of the Unknown Soldiers.
You might see the National Cathedral.
You might see the National Zoo.
You might see the National Archives.
You might see the Library of Congress.
You might see the Korean War Memorial.
You might see the World War II Memorial.

What is a Desert?
What is a desert?
There are deserts all over the world.
Many deserts have a lot of sand.
There is not a lot of water in the desert.
Plants can grow in the desert.
Animals can live in the desert.
People can live in the desert.
Most deserts are very hot, but some deserts are cold.
The desert can be a beautiful place.

Hiding
Hiding behind a tree
Hiding in a cupboard
Hiding under the bed
Hiding behind the paper
Hiding in the grass
Hiding behind the gate
Hiding behind the fan
Can you find me?

Let's Ride
Riding a horse
Riding in a cart
Riding a motorbike
Riding a camel
Riding a bike
Riding a donkey
Riding in a flying seat
Riding a giant cat
Riding a merry-go-round

Funny dogs
Is that my dog? No. His face is too wrinkly!
Is that my dog? No. His mouth is too big!
Is that my dog? No. His fur is too fluffy!
Is that my dog? No. His legs are too short!
Is that my dog? No. His ears are too long!
Is that my dog? No. His body is too spotty!
Is that my dog? No. His tail is too long!
Is that my dog? Yes! He is perfect!

Ada's Words
Ada loved words.
Ada surrounded herself with words,
written words, typed words, printed words.
She played with words like toys.
Ada made a garden in the rich soil of words.
She decorated her walls with words--and bottle caps.
Old words.
She decorated her books to show her love for words.
But sometimes the words got confused.
Ada would struggle, and close her eyes.
She would take a walk, away from the words.
She would dance in the forest.
She would look at beautiful small scenes.
She would look at beautiful big scenes.
She would splash in the water.
And then she would feel like a peek at her books again.

Pets: Dogs
A dog can be our pet.
We can watch our dog run.
We can watch our dog lay down.
We can watch our dog sleep.
We can watch our dog take a bath.
We can watch our dog play.
We can take our dog for a walk.
We can watch our dog swim.
We can listen to our dog bark. Ruf! Ruf!

Places to Go
I love to go bowling.
I go to the    shopping center with Reg.
I like to walk in the park.
I like to listen to the music.
I love to eat.

Fall
Fall is colorful leaves.
Fall is squirrels looking for nuts.
Fall is playing in the leaves.
Fall is black cats and pumpkins.
Fall is chasing falling leaves.
Fall is pumpkins waiting to be picked.
Fall is football on cool nights.
Fall is scarecrows standing guard.
Fall is roasting marshmallows on a cold night.
Fall is candy corn waiting to be eaten.
Fall is a trip to the fair.
Fall is jack-o-lanterns lighting the night.
I love fall!

Blade's Virtues
Dawn
Loyalty
Assertiveness
Trust
Determination
Joyfulness
Generosity
Cooperative
Friendliness
Unity
These are all Blade's Virtues.

Fresh Fruit
I buy my fruit at the fruit market.
dragon fruit
plums
apricots
lychees
pomegranate
dates
longan berries
blueberries
grapefruit
tangelo
mandarin
kiwi fruit
red grapes
green grapes
mango
I love fruit.

The D Book
The D Book
D is for duck.
D is for doll.
D is for day.
D is for dig.
D is for doctor.
D is for dance.
D is for dots.
D is for date.
D is for dime.
D is for desk.
D is for down.
D is for drip.
D is for drive.
D is for dogs who dream.

H Words
H Words
H is for home.
H is for happy.
H is for handsome.
H is for hat.
H is for hand.
H is for horse.
H is for hair.
H is for hot!
H is for Halloween. Ooooo!!!!

G Book
G Words
G is for guitar.
G is for grits.
G is for girl.
G is for glass.
G is for grass.
G is for gas.
G is for goose.
G is for game.
G is for grow.
G is for green beans.
G is for goodbye!!

Thanksgiving
It is about celebrating the harvest.
cooking for days.
family dinner
a yummy turkey
Mashed potatoes
Warm rolls
sweet rolls
cranberry sauce
pumpkin pie
taking a nap
Christmas parade
watching football on TV.
Thankful!

The W Book
The W Book
W is for walk.
W is for wagon.
W is for wolf.
W is for watch.
W is for winter.
W is for wheel.
W is for wheat.
W is for wing.
W is for web.
W is for witch.
W is for water.

The C Book
The C Book
C is for cat.
C is for cab.
C is for call.
C is for car.
C is for cow.
C is for cash.
C is for candle.
C is for cry.
C is for candy.
C is for crash.
C is for climb.
C is for can of Coke.

I Can
I can jump.
I can run.
I can climb.
I can sit.
I can stand.
I can swim.
I can laugh.
I can hug.
I can cry.
I can sleep.
I can eat.
I can go!

The V Book
V is for violet.
V is for volcano.
V is for veterinarian.
V is for vulture.
V is for vegetables.
V is for vampire.
V is for valley.
V is for valentine.
V is for van.
V is for violin.
V is for vacuum cleaner.
V is for Venus Fly Trap.

Fall Leaves
Fall leaves
green leaves
red leaves
yellow leaves.
orange leaves
brown leaves
wet leaves
falling leaves
grassy leaves
cold leaves
leaves gone
no leaves
The End

Things I Can Make Move
I can move my legs,
kick a ball,
and fly a paper airplane.
I can move a swing,
peddle a bike,
and swing a bat.
I can move with the music,
throw a frisbee,
and push my wheelchair.
Let's move together!

The T Book
The T Book
T is for table.
T is for tent.
T is for tiger.
T is for taxi.
T is for tomato.
T is for toad.
T is for toe.
T is for tooth.
T is for turtle.
T is for tadpole.
T is for tarantula.

The U Book
The U Book
U is for ukulele.
U is for uniform.
U is for unicycle.
U is for universe.
U is for umbrellas.
U is for us.
U is for under.
U is for up.
U is for Uncle Sam.
U is for unicorn.

F is for...
F is for fish.
F is for flag.
F is for flower.
F is for feet.
F is for farm.
F is for food.
F is for fern.
F is for frog.
F is for fun!

The "L" Book
little lamb.
yellow lemons
green limes
lovely lavender
sleek leopard
having fun laughing
being lazy
pink luggage
lots of library books
long neck
lost on a desert island
The sun gives us light.

Fall is a Time for...
Fall is a time for colored leaves,
orange pumpkins,
and football games.
Fall is the time for going back to school,
new sweaters,
and apples.
Fall is a time for a hike in the woods,
an early morning frost,
and sharing holidays with families.

Spiders
scary spider
spider web
yellow spider.
red spider.
blue spider.
spider waiting
spider spinning
spider looking
spider on a flower
spider hanging around

The Letter Z
Zany Z!
zany zebra.
zany zits
zany zucchini pizza
zany zucchini noodles
zany zoo animals
zany zoom lens
Zoom away!
The End

P Words
P is for penguin.
P is for pumpkin.
P is for purple.
P is for pig.
P is for pool.
P is for popcorn.
P is for people.
P is for pancakes.
P is for pink paint.
P is for porpoise.
P is for piano.

The B Book
The B Book
B is for bike.
B is for big.
B is for boat.
B is for bite.
B is for box.
B is for baby.
B is for blue sky.
B is for basket.
B is for bear and ball.
B is for boy who blows bubbles.

J is for ...
J is for jump,
juice,
and jello.
J is for jack-in-the box,
judge,
and jug.
J is for jet,
Jake,
and jitter bug.
J is for juggle,
James,
and a scary 
jack- o-lantern.

The S Book
The S Book
S is for stop.
S is for swim.
S is for sing.
S is for sun.
S is for sea.
S is for silly.
S is for sister.
S is for sailboat.
S is for sad.
S is for sock.
S is for sit.

R is for...
R is for rabbit.
R is for rainbow.
R is for ribbon.
R is for railroad.
R is for run.
R is for ring.
R is for rope.
R is for roof.
R is for reach.
R is for read.

O Words
O is for oranges.
O is for ostrich.
O is for octopus.
O is for olives.
O is for Oprah.
O is for ocean.
O is for oatmeal cookies.
O is for Obama.
O is for oar.
O is for ogre.

The "K" Book
Colorful kites
Two kittens
A kiss
Kitchens are for cooking.
Cold Kool-Aid
Ketchup is for my french fries.
Kicking karate
A kerchief for my head
A kangaroo and her baby
Kayaks in the water
Kentucky horse racing
King of the jungle

N Book
This is the letter N.
N is for nose.
N is for nap.
N is for nurse.
N is for night.
N is for nervous.
N is for nut.
N is for nail polish.
N is for nachos.
N is for noodles.
N is for nest.
The End

E is for....
E is for egg.
E is for elephant.
E is for ear.
E is for elf.
E is for emu.
E is for Eskimo.
E is for eating.
E is for eggplant.
E is for exit.

M book
The Letter M
M is for M&Ms.
M is for McDonald's.
M is for monkey.
M is for moon.
M is for money.
M is for macaroni and cheese.
M is for man.
M is for map.
M is for mad.
M is for music.
M. The end.

Q is for...
Q is for quilt.
Q is for quill.
Q is for quarter.
Q is for Queen.
Q is for question.
Q is for quail.
Q is for quiet.
Q is for quit.

I is for...
I is for Indian,
ice,
and igloo.
I is for icky,
Iris,
and itchy.
I is for island,
insects,
and lots of ice cream! Incredible!
And best of all, I is for cute infants.

Apples
I like apple pie.
Juicy apples.
Many apples.
Red apples.

School Buses
This is my school bus. I love it. It is a coaster bus.
These are school buses from America.
Here are some kids getting on their school bus.
These buses have stop signs  for safety. In Australia, we have different signs on our school buses.
At night they are locked in the gate, like in this picture.

Fishing
We go fishing in our boat.
Thomas goes fishing on the jetty.
Girls like fishing.
Boys like fishing.
We play a fishing game at home.

At the Show.
I see a lamb.
I see a chicken.
I see a pig.
I see a goat.
I see a donkey.
I see a duckling.
I see a cow.
There are many animals at the show.

The Letter F
F is for fish.
F is for football.
F is for feet.
F is for fun.
F is for firefighter.
F is for fire truck.
F is for fishing.
F is for flag.
F is for fireworks.
F is for food.
F is for friends.

Watermelons!
Watermelons!
It is green...
and yellow.
Cut it open.
It is red.
It has a white rind.
It has black seeds.
It is heavy.
It is juicy.
Eat it!
The End

A Fairy Tale
Once upon a time.
A prince.
A castle.
A princess.
An ogre.
A dungeon.
A rescue.
Happily ever after.

J
J
jelly
jeep
juice
jug
jack-in-a-box

S
S
soup
sock
sandal
saddle
sunglasses
sunflower
soccer ball

Kids At My School
This is my school bus. Meet the kids who go on the bus.
This is Sam. He's on the school playground. Sam likes hot chips.
This is Jamie and Josie. Jamie likes the bus. Josie likes drinks of milk. They are in the concert.
This is Oliver and Xander. They are very happy kids and they love music. They are in their classroom.
This is a girl named Lucy. Lucy likes the bus. She is in the sensory room in this picture.
This is Sonya. She has been face-painted on 'Joy Day.' Sonya likes Group Time.
This is Wasanthi. She likes sitting in the high seat of the bus. I like all of the kids that go on the school bus.

Happy Puppies
I am happy but I'm cold.
I am happy while I'm chewing.
I am happy while I am yawning.
I am happy while I'm sleeping.
I am happy playing with my toy.
I am happy and cute.
I am a happy Elvis.
I am happy, cute, and tired.

Cats can ....
Cats can keep clean.
Cats can stretch.
Cats can climb.
Cats can yawn
Cats can run when they want to.
Cats can jump.
Cats can use computers to keep warm!
Cats can keep cool.
Cats can read. Are you sure?
Cats can drive! Oh Really?
Cats can stare.

AJ's trains
AJ loves train tracks.
AJ loves the clock.
AJ loves old trains.
Watch out!

Wild Animals
This is a giraffe. It has a very long neck.
This is a koala bear. They live in Australia.
This is a raccoon. They are mammals from North America.
This is a black panther.
This is a wild boar.  Some live in the Forest of Dean!
These are elephants.  They are the largest land animal.
This is a monkey.
This is a crocodile.  They are aquatic reptiles.
This is an adder.  It is Britain's only poisonous snake.
This is a golden eagle.  Their average wingspan is 7 feet.
This is an okapi.  It is a relative of the giraffe and lives in the rain forest of the Congo.
This is a hammerhead shark. They are a protected species.
This is the clown fish.  They are found in the warm waters of the Indian and Pacific oceans.
There are all kinds of wild animals all over the world.

I Can See
I can see the red Formula One car is overtaking.
I can see a steering wheel.
I can see a Formula One car.
I can see a crash.
I can see a Formula One safety car.
I can see a car.
I can see a helmet.
I can see a circuit.
I can see a Formula One car in the pit stop.
I can see a Formula One car on fire.
I can see a Formula One race is finished.
I can see a man who won the race.

I Like Movies
I like to watch, "Alien vs. Predator."
I like to watch, "Venomous."
I like to watch, "The Hulk."
I like to watch, "Batman."
I like to watch, "Transformers."
I like to watch, "Dragon Wars."
I like to watch, "Snakes on a Plane."

I Can. Can you?
I can point. Can you?
I can sing. Can you?
I can draw. Can you?
I can smile. Can you?
I can swing. Can you?
I can jump. Can you?
I can work. Can you?

What I Learn on Tuesdays
It is Tuesday today. What do I learn on Tuesday?
I have playtime on Tuesdays.
We go out on Tuesdays.
I have art class on Tuesdays. I make stuff out of boxes.
I have music class on Tuesday. We usually sing songs.

Football
This person is a football fan.
This is a gold medal.
This is a football stadium.
I love football.

The Art Room
These are the paintbrushes in the art room.
These are the crayons.
This is Sophia and Jackson painting.
This is a painting of Rachel by Jackson.
These are  teachers in the art room.
This is a face made by Rachel.
This is our painting.

School
This is our school house. Schools have classrooms where kids learn.
This is my classroom.
This is a girl from Amanda and Keith's class. Her name is Sophie.
You can listen to your iPod, but not when you are supposed to be reading!
This is the back of the school bus.
This is the side door of the school bus.
This is the computer room. We do computing.

Football
These are the Washington Redskins.
The offense has the ball.
The people in the stadium are waiting for the game to start.
I like NC State Football.
I like the Tar Heels football team better than NC State.

Ships
This is a ship on dry dock.
This is a ship at nighttime trying to dock up.
There are a lot of lights on that ship.
You can see the state rooms on this cruise ship.
This is another ship on dry dock.
I love ships. Do you?

Tigers
A tiger is lying down.
A tiger is walking.
A tiger is yawning
A tiger is drinking.
A tiger is stretching.
A tiger is staring.

Tar Heels
This is the Tar Heel symbol.
This is the football stadium.
This picture looks like a footprint.
This is a basketball picture.
These are pretty flowers .
This is the Tar Heel basketball court.
This is a soccer picture.
They are playing basketball and the crowd is cheering.
Go Tar Heels!!!!!

Soccer
There are thousands of people watching the soccer game.
This dog is playing soccer.  That's funny!
It is cool to put the soccer ball in the goal.
This guy is an awesome soccer player.
The boys are playing soccer also.

Basketball
This is a player slam dunking.
This is a picture of some basketballs.
This is a basketball rolling off a roof.
This is a guy shooting a three-pointer.
This is a dolphin can shoot a hoop.
These Lego people are  China and USA playing basketball.
This is Michael Jordan.

My Favorite Things!
The world has lots of colors in it.
But my favorite color is green.
The world has lots of different birds.
But my favorite is the white peacock.
There are many sports we can play.
But my favorite is swimming.
The world has many different types  of foods to eat.
But my favorite is pizza.
There are many things to drink in this world.
But my favorite is apple juice.
There are many great things in our world.
These are just some of my favorite things on earth.

Landscapes
I love the water colors.
Twin mountains shine in the lake.
Storms can be bad in the mountains.
The mountains are hiding in the purple sky.
Some mountains are very cold.
Is it a sunrise or sunset?
It looks like spring in the mountains.

My Pet
This is my pet.
It is a cat. It likes to purr.
This is my pet.
It is a dog. It likes to chew.
This is my pet. It is a mouse.  It likes to run
This is my pet. It is a guinea pig. It likes to eat lettuce.
This is my pet. It is a budgie. It likes to tweet.
This is my pet. It is a fish. It likes to swim.
This is my pet. It is a hermit crab. It likes to tickle my hand!

What Are They Doing?
She is eating.
He is reading.
She is swimming.
He is drinking.
She is running.
He is sleeping.
She is jumping.
He is kicking.

Airplanes
Airplanes have wheels to take off and to land.
The airplanes take off from the airport.
Airplanes go fast when they take off from the runway.
The wheels get tucked under the plane when it flies in the sky.
The airplane is very high.  You can see the moon!
The airplane slowed down because it landed.

People
short
tall
big
small
There are all kinds of people.

On The Mountain
On the mountain there is grass.
On the mountain there is snow.
On the mountain there is fog.
On the mountain there is fire.
On the mountain there are flowers.

Boys
Boys play.
Boys swim.
Boys climb.
Boys yawn.
Boys nap.
Boys climb.
Boys kiss.
Dad gets mad.

At The Beach
At the beach...
We like to walk on the beach.
We like to swim at the beach.
We like to feed the birds at the beach.
We like to sit and watch the waves at the beach.
We like the beach.

Hockey Rocks!
Malkin plays hockey for the Penguins.
This is a rink of fire.
This goalie is tough.
Sydney Crosby is a good captain for the Penguins.
He has a C on his jersey because he is a captain.
The Red Wings and the Penguins competed for the Stanley Cup. The Red Wings won!
He scored a goal!
This is the Hurricanes' symbol.
Brad Brendamoor is holding the Stanley Cup.
This is the Hurricanes' stadium.

Farm Animals
I can see a cow.
A cow gives us milk.
I can see a sheep.
A sheep gives us wool.
I can see a horse.
A horse gives us a ride.
I can see a pig.
A pig gives us bacon.
I can see a chicken.
A chicken gives us eggs.
I can see a rooster.
A rooster wakes us up.
I can see a goat.
A goat eats our hats!

Going to Another Class
Today I am going to another class.
There will be things hanging up in the room.
There will be toys to play with.
There will be blocks to play with.
There will be other children I know to play with.
I will be cool!

Sports Day
Friday is Sports Day.
There will be running races.
There will be relays.
I may run in a race.
I may join in a team sport.
Some students will get ribbons and medals.
I will have a fun day.

Beautiful Birds
Do you see birds on a wire?
These are beautiful pink birds.
Here is a bird in a tree.
That is a colourful bird.
Do you see a bird in the water.
These are birds made of paper.
She is feeding the birds.
There are lots of birds!
It is a glamorous bird.
These birds are in the snow.
This might be a noisy bird.
Do you see reflections of birds?
That is a bird 
mid-flight.
These two birds are fighting.
It looks like a wise bird.
Do you see a chess-playing bird?

Scary Things
The ghosts are scary.
Leghoul is scary.
The pumpkin riding the horse is scary.
The apple is very scary.
Are you scared yet?
Wake up. It is okay.

Two
two birds
two cars
two zebras
two cherries
two turtles
two straws
two giraffes
two shoes
two puppies
two balls
two sheep

Rain Falls
Rain falls on the road.
Rain falls on the car.
Rain falls on the flower.
Rain falls on the leaves.
Rain falls on the spider web.
Rain falls on the umbrella.
Rain falls on the dog.
Rain falls on me!

Titanic
That was a close one!  We missed it by an inch!
The Titanic just missed a huge iceberg!
This Titanic has a crack in it.
This is the  deck.
If you want to sail on the Titanic, it might sink.

Thomas the Tank Engine
I am a Thomas fan.  This is a real train.
This looks like a cool tunnel for the train.
This looks like a day out with Thomas.
This looks like a Hornby Thomas train.
This looks like Thomas is on a house.
This looks like a Thomas game.

Slugs
red slug
yellow slug
long slug
green slug
two slugs
brown slug.
black slug
curled slugs
Oh, how I love watching slimy slugs!!!

Swimming
I take off my clothes.
I put my bathers on.
I swim in the pool.
I dry myself off.
I love swimming.

We Like Each Other
We Like Each Other
He likes her.
She likes him.
They like each other.
He likes her.
She likes him.
They like each other.
He likes her.
She likes him.
They like each other.
But he doesn't like her.
And she doesn't like him.
They just don't like each other.

The Angry Cat
The new kittens had arrived.
Each one was beautiful and special.
Daddy Cat was very protective.
Mommy Cat was even more protective.
The cat parents acted like wild beasts.
There are scary things out there.
You will find some weird dudes, too.
Those baby kittens will be into mischief soon.

Back To School
School starts in September.
I ride the bus to go to school.
I like my school.
I have friends at school.
We sit in desks at school.
I have important things in my desk.
We do work at our desks.
My teacher is smart and fun and nice.
I like to learn at school.
Sometimes we play at school.
I have recess outside with my friends.
It is fun to play on the playground.
I can go in the tunnels.
I go on the slides.
I like to swing high.
There are lots of books.
Some are in the library.
I can check them out and look at them at home.
We learn on computers.
When our work is done on the computer, we can do learning games on them.
I like to learn about reading and writing and math at the computer.
We also have a gym at our school.
It is big.
We play basketball and other games.
We do exercises to be strong and fit.
We also have a lunchroom.
We can eat breakfast and lunch there.
After we get our food we use a PIN number to pay for our food.
I like to eat with my friends.
Sometimes we do art at school.
I love to paint.
We also go to music class.
We sing together.
We learn to play instruments.
Everyone loves playing the drums.
Now you know a little bit about my school,
some of the great things we  do there,
what fun it is to be with my friends,
and some of the things I learn there.
When school is done for the day,
you put your work in your backpack,
say goodbye to your friends,
and go back home on the bus.
The End

We Love Buses
We love buses!
A painted bus.
An old bus.
A tall bus.
A magic school bus.
A night bus.
A sorry bus.
A truck bus.
A tractor bus.
A fast bus.
A rainbow bus.
So many buses.  We love them all!

Dinosaurs
The dinosaur has big teeth.
The dinosaur has a big neck.
The dinosaur has a big mouth.
The dinosaur has big feet.
The dinosaur has a big head.
The dinosaur has a big tail.
Dinosaurs are big.

Go Melbourne Storm!
They can jump.
They can kick.
They can push.
They can run.
They can catch.
They can cheer.
Go Melbourne Storm!

Chocolate
chocolate cake
chocolate icing
chocolate pieces
melted chocolate
I love chocolate.

I Like to Ride a Bike
I like to ride a bike.
We can ride the three wheeler bike.
We are learning to ride the two wheeler bike.
Bike riding is great fun.
You have to wear your helmet.
I get ready to ride a bike.
We ride our bikes on the bike track.
A bike has wheels, pedals, a seat and a handle bar.
You have to hold on to the handle bar to steer.
Some people can ride a bike very fast in a race.
I like to ride a bike.

Sharks!
This shark has sharp teeth.
Those sharks are in an aquarium.
This shark is a great white.
This man is on the sharks hockey team.
This man is riding on a bull shark.
This lady caught a shark for dinner.
This is a tiger shark.
There are many sharks in the ocean.

Hannah's 7th Birthday
Hannah's dad got balloons for her birthday party.
Hannah will be 7 on Saturday.
She will blow out the candles.
Hannah likes to go bowling.
She likes chocolate cake.
Hannah is my friend.  She is in my class.
I will see her house.  I'm excited to go to her party!

Emotions
happy
sad
mad
hungry
thirsty
pain
sick
sleepy

Technological Design
microscope
ruler
beaker
thermometer
magnifying glass
refrigerator
oven
first aid kit

Garth Brooks
The Garth Brooks Book
Garth Brooks sings alone.
He sings with Trisha Yearwood.
He sings, "No Fences."
He sings, "Sevens."
He sings, "Roping the Wind."
He sings, "One."
He sings, "Two."
He sings songs for me and you.

Seahorse Mascot
The seahorse is our mascot at Silver Sands School.
Our school is near the seashore.
Seahorses live with fish in the sea.
Teachers wear shirts with seahorses on them.
The sign in the front of school has a seahorse on it.
The End

Baby Animals
I am a puppy. I am a baby dog.
I am a foal. I am a baby horse.
I am a piglet. I am a baby pig.
I am a kitten. I am a baby cat.
I am a calf. I am a baby cow.
I am a chick. I am a baby chicken.
I am a duckling. I am a baby duck.
I am a kid. I am a baby goat.

On the Farm
What animals do you see on the farm?
Look at the pig. It can oink.
Look at the sheep. It can baa.
Look at the horse. It can neigh.
Look at the rooster. It can crow.
Look at the chicken. It can cluck.
Look at the goat. It can nah.
Look at the cow. It can moo.
Look at the dog. It can bark.

Buses
Sitting at a bus stop, 
waiting for a bus.
Here comes the bus.
Here comes my ride.
Sitting in a bus,
going who knows where?
Going to school?
No not today!
Going to cricket,
hip hip hooray!

Tower Hill Reserve
On Thursday  we visited the Tower Hill Reserve.
Chris was looking at  some native plants.
We saw a koala  sleeping in a gum tree.
This is Paul and John, the tour guides who showed us through the park.
The rangers built many shelters for sugar gliders.
We visited the information center. We saw some boomerangs.
We had a picnic lunch in the sunshine.
We walked up the big hill. It took a long time to get to the top.
We could see a lake in the crater and Port Fairy in the distance.
Phillip and Fran looked at the view.
Phillip and Jackie were tied and fell asleep on the way home.

The Mountains
I love to go to the mountains.
There are beautiful trees in the mountains.
There are beautiful flowers in the mountains.
Some mountains are so high that they look like they touch the clouds.
It is so cold on the top of some mountains that you will find snow.
My favorite season in the mountains is Fall.

Cute Squirrels
Squirrels are so cute!
Here is a squirrel in a tree.
There are two squirrels in the snow.
This is a very fat squirrel!
A squirrel can hide behind the fence.
A squirrel can be on a branch.
This red squirrel is standing.
That squirrel is leaping.
Two squirrels are playing.
Have you seen a squirrel hanging around?
These are some fine squirrel dance moves.
A squirrel is on a tree trunk.
A squirrel is hiding.
Anyone up for a dip?
What about a squirrel kiss?
Squirrels are so cute!

Hot Air Balloons
What are those big colorful specks in the sky?
They are hot air balloons.
They float high in the sky.
Sometimes they float so high they are just a small dot in the sky.
They float peacefully over the treetops.
The float low over the land and water.
They come in many shapes and sizes.
They come really big, like this beagle dog.
At night you can see the balloons glow from the fire.
The fire is what makes the balloons lift into the sky.
The hot air balloons are just like the parachutes we use in gym. Only bigger.
They are a special treat to see in the sky.
So look up in the sky.
You never know when you might see  a floating duck coming your way!

Shakespeare
William Shakespeare wrote great plays.
He lived in England a long time ago.
His plays were performed at the Globe Theatre.
The actors get in costumes.
The actors take the stage.
"Double, double, toil and trouble..."  is from Shakespeare's "Macbeth."
"Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?" is from Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet."
"To be or not to be" is from Shakespeare's "Hamlet."
The actors take a bow.

Noah Webster
This is Noah Webster.
He is famous.
He was born here.
He wrote a big book.
It is a book of words.
It tells the meaning of words.
It has pictures, too.
People like this book.
People look in this book.
People read this book.
People study this book.
People keep this book.
This book is on the computer, too.
Thanks for all the words!

Big Cats
The big cats are all very fast.
Tigers are the biggest and strongest cats.
This tiger looks like a zebra with black and white stripes.
The lion is the king of the jungle.
This lion has a big, shaggy mane.
Jaguars really like to swim.  They are extinct in the United States.
The leopard is  smaller than the tiger, lion, and jaguar but it is a good hunter.
Panthers are really leopards that are black.
The cheetah is the fastest animal on land.
Big cats are really cool!

Swimming
swimming
floating
holding your breath
diving
doggie diving
paddling
doggie paddling
dancing

The Blue Trains
Thomas is the number one blue train.
This is the blue train.
People are inside the coaches of this blue train.
This blue train takes people on a trip.
This is a long blue train.
Toby is train number seven and Gorden is train number four.

Lego Titanic
This is the most famous Lego Titanic ever built!
This is the Lego stern section.
This is the Lego bow section.
This Lego guy is falling off the Titanic.
Watch out for that iceberg!
Legos are so cool.  You can build many things with Legos!!

Cats
Cats can be lazy.
Some cats have lots to say
Cats can be big.
Cats can be playful.
Cats can have one eye.
Cats can be tiny.
Do you want to play?
Cats can be old.
Cats!

My Body
I have feet.
I have legs.
I have hips.
I have shoulders.
I have arms.
I have hands.
I have a head.
Look at my body.

Trains
Thomas is a blue train.
This train is also blue.
Trains run on tracks.
This is a train in the snow.
I love trains.

What We Do at School
What do we do at school?
We color at school.
There are many crayons at school.
We build at school.
We have many blocks at school.

Cakes
These are heart cakes.
This cake has flowers on top of it.
This is one of my favorite cakes.  Mrs. Anderson has 2 poodles.
This is another one of my favorite cakes.  It is made out of cupcakes.
This one has a bunch of red roses on top.  Yum!

I See a Tool Box.
This is my spanner.
I see a hammer.
This is my  ruler.
I see a screwdriver.
I see a nail.
This is my saw.
I see a pencil.
I see a toolbox.

The White Tigers
This tiger is happy.
This tiger is not happy.
This tiger is lazy.
This tiger is swimming.
This tiger is with its mother.
This tiger is with its brother.
This tiger is lonely.
This tiger is looking for food.
This tiger is white.
This tiger is playing.

Dancing
This lady is wearing a black dress.
This lady is dancing at the beach.
This dancer is from Africa.
This looks like a  dancing hall.
This type of dancing is ballet.
These people are dancing in the street.
These people are dancing at the beach.
These children are dancing at a concert.
This couple is dancing together on the path.

Animals in the Rain Forest
Frogs are in the rain forest.
Butterflies are in the rain forest.
Toucans are in the rain forest.
Gorillas are in the rain forest.
Snakes are in the rain forest.
People are hiding in the rain forest.

Fuel Your Mind
Fuel Your Mind!!
No matter who we are...
we can all fuel our minds...
by reading a book!
Babies can read,
chicks can read,
blokes can read,
even oldies can read!!
Don't be afraid,
fuel your mind today!

Butterflies
This is a blue butterfly on a tree.
These are lots of pretty butterflies.
This is a rainbow of butterflies.
These are lots of bubbles with butterflies.
This is a very pretty turquoise butterfly on a flower.
These are two butterflies mating.

Ships
These ships are stacked on top of each other.
This is a ship in the ocean fog.
Those ships came ashore on the seashore.
Those ships are standing still. They look like a picture.
This ship has masts.
These are a few ships that have fireworks over them on the ocean.

Bowling
I like to score when I go bowling.
These girls are being silly.
I like to see the pins get knocked down.
Those boys put their heads on the bowling rack. How funny!
I see the sign for bowling.
I bowl with my dad. We are  good bowlers.

The Summer Olympics
These are the Olympic rings.
Michael Phelps is the winner!
Michael Phelps painted his face red, white, and blue.
Here are some swimmers doing the back stroke.
There are fireworks over the water.
The clouds say free. Our country is free.

The Olympics 2008
The Olympics started on Friday night at 7:30.
The puppies won medals for swimming!
The puppies also won medals for golf.
This is the Eagles Nest at the Olympics.
This is China on the other side of the world in the morning.
At night,  the fireworks begin!!

The Twelve Apostles
When we got to the Twelve Apostles, we saw this sign.
We climbed to the top of a big hill.
This is what we saw when we got to the top.
We all stood and looked at the view.
Krystal liked watching the waves.
Geraldine told us how the Twelve Apostles were made by the waves hitting the cliffs.
Some of the Apostles have fallen down, but new ones are being made by the sea.
We all enjoyed our bus trip to the Twelve Apostles.

What Can You Do?
I can jump.
I can swim.
I can follow the football.
I can ride.
I can play.
I can walk.
I can smile.
We can have fun.

The Olympic Games
In the Olympic Games, they have Olympic rings.
This is a picture of a synchronized diver.
This is a picture of the Water Cube and the Bird's Nest.
This is a picture of Jesse Owens in the Berlin 1936 Olympic Games.
This is a picture of the American, Michael Phelps.
This is a picture of Michael Phelps with a gold medal with Amanda Adkins.
So this is one of the Olympic sports.

Thinking
I've been thinking about thinking.
We are all good at thinking.
Boys are good at thinking.
Girls are good at thinking.
Men are good at thinking.
Women are good at thinking.
We learn when we think.

Princesses
Princesses are nice.  Her dress is yellow like the sun.
Here are big girls wearing princess outfits.
The little girls are wearing princess dresses.
The baby has a princess crown on her head.
She is wearing a pink princess dress. I have one, too.
The princess cake is yummy.
The girls are putting on a princess show.
There are 3 princesses at Disney World.  I went there when I was a baby.
The dog is looking funny in that princess outfit!

All About Me
Here are my feet.
Here are my legs.
Here are my hips.
Here are my shoulders.
Here are my hands.
Look at me.

Featuring Food
This is an apple. It is crunchy. I like apples.
This is a pineapple. It is juicy. I like pineapples.
This is a cake. It is sweet. I like cake.
This is a chip. It is salty. I like chips.
This is a pie. It is hot. I like pies.
This is an ice cream. It is cold. I like ice cream.
I love food.

Beautiful Butterflies
There are many beautiful butterflies.
I like blue butterflies.
I like blue and black butterflies.
I like black and white butterflies.
I like orange and black butterflies.
I like green and black butterflies.
I like yellow butterflies.
I like yellow and white butterflies.
I like dressing up like a butterfly.

Time in a Bottle
Time is in many places.
If you had time in a bottle, what would you do with it?
Would you look at a funny picture?
Would you see time in your eye?
Would you change the past?
Would you jump in with it?  Don't get bottled!

Rugby League
In rugby, they tackle hard.
They run fast,
and they know how to throw a ball.
They kick goals,
and pack scrums.
It is one state against another.
Australia is the best in the world.
I really like Rugby League.

Cats
This cat has just been born.
These cats are feeding.
These cats are clean.
These cats are walking.
These cats are exploring.
This cat is lazy.
These cats are cool.
Yawn!
This cat is hissing.
This cat is standing tall.

Emotions
This person is sad.
This person is lonely.
These people are in love.
This person is happy.
This person has a broken heart.
This person is angry.
This person is scared.
This person is sleepy.
This person is worried.
This person is thinking.

Balloons
The balloon is red.
The balloon is green.
The balloon is blue.
The balloon is yellow.
There are lots of coloured balloons.

The Amazing Spider Man
Spider Man is a super hero.
He can shoot webs,
climb on walls,
and swing on top of houses with his webs.
Spider Man is really a boy.
The Green Goblin is a villain.
Spider Man likes to help people.

Very Fast Race Cars
Race Cars race very fast on a track.
All these cars are starting to race.
All these race cars are red.
This race car is number 9.
These wheels are fast.
This race car won the Piston Cup.
Race Cars race to win!

Dinosaurs
Dinosaurs were here when no people were alive.
This dinosaur is a meat eater.
This dinosaur has a big mouth.
This dinosaur has stripes on his back like a tiger.
The Stegosaurus has cool plates on his back and spikes on his tail.
These are dinosaur bones.
This dinosaur has very sharp teeth.
This dinosaur has a long neck.
Now dinosaurs are extinct.

Texas
We're from  Texas, where everything is bigger!  We have a big star on our flag!
We have big ranches in Texas!
We have big long horn cows on the ranches in Texas!
We have big horses on the ranches in Texas!
We have big cowboys on the ranches in Texas!
They wear big cowboy hats!
They wear big cowboy boots!
The cowboys like to rodeo, big time!
The End

What Will I Learn At School?
What will I learn at school today?
Will I learn to ride a bike?
Will I learn to swim in the pool?
Will I learn how to write down my ideas?
Will I learn to make things in Art?
Will I learn to read a book?
Will I learn by using a computer?
We can all learn a lot at school.

Reading is Fun!
Lots of people like to read.
Little girls like to read.
Little boys like to read.
Big girls like to read.
Big boys like to read.
Men like to read.
Women like to read.
Old people like to read.
Reading is fun!

My Animals
I have a dog.
Woof!
I have a cat. Meow!
I have a cow.
Moo!
I have a sheep. 
Baa!
I have a pig.
Oink!
I have a horse.
Neigh!
I live on a farm.

The Cupcake Book
The cupcake is strawberry.
The cupcake is chocolate.
The cupcake is lemon.
This cupcake is coffee.
Cupcakes are good!
Yum!

Cakes, Cakes, Cakes
This is a pink cake.
This is an orange cake.
This is a blue cake.
This is a green cake.
But I like chocolate cake.

Cakes!
The cake is pink.
The cake is brown.
The cake is white.
The cake is orange.
The cake is blue.
The cake is green.
Cake is yummy!

My Birthday Party
The cupcake is pink.
The cupcake is chocolate.
The cupcake is yummy.
The cupcake is creamy.
I am ready for my party.

Yummy Cakes
big cakes
little cakes
round cakes
square cakes
burger cakes
fruit cakes
I love cakes!

Soccer Teams
I like Berlin.
I like Brazil.
I like Machester United.
I like France.
I like Sweden.
I like soccer.
My favourite team is Italy.

The Flying Boy
I can see a dog.
I can see a cat.
I can see a tree.
I can see a house.
I can see a train.
Flying boys can see many things.

Pretty Dolphins
These dolphins are jumping into the air.
These dolphins are swimming together.
This dolphin just jumped into the water.
These dolphins  are waiting for some food.
This dolphin is posing for a picture.
This dolphin is getting tired.
These dolphins are doing flips in the water.
These dolphins are performing.
These dolphins are racing.
This dolphin sure is looking pretty!

The Great Apes
The Great Apes are a fascinating group of animals.
This group includes chimpanzees,
orangutans,
and even gorillas!
In many ways, the great apes are a lot like us.
They eat.
They play.
They study.
They exercise.
They sleep.
They have friends.
And most importantly...
They love!

Visiting Florida
Florida is one of the fifty United States.
It is known for its beautiful beaches!
Tallahassee is the state's capital.
A popular place to visit in Florida is Disney World.
For those who love ocean life, Sea World can also be a lot of fun.
But always beware of the lurking storms.
Hurricanes are no joke!
While many people come to Florida for peace and quiet,
and others come for adventure,
one thing is for certain...
They'll want to come back for more!

Melbourne
Our St. Kilda Pier
Our Docklands
Our New Year
Our City
Our Tall Buildings
Our Ferris Wheel
Beautiful Melbourne

Animals
I like trotting
on my horse.
I like walking.
I brush the horses.
I like horses.
This is my favourite puppy.
I like dogs.
Dogs like music.
Cats like to sleep.
Hippos like to lie down.
Where is my breakfast?
Where is my food?
Where is my banana?

My Coat
My coat is red.
My coat is pink.
My coat is black.
My coat is blue.
I love my coat!

Ballet
I love ballet.
I love ballet dancers.
I love  ballet shoes.
I love ballet dancers.
Ballet is beautiful.

Balloons
Balloons can be black.
Balloons can be yellow.
Balloons can be pink.
Balloons can be orange.
Balloons can be red.
Balloons can fly away.

Growing
Here is a seed.
Here is the rain.
Here is the root.
Here is the stem.
Here is the sun.
Here are the leaves.
Here is the flower.
The plant grows.

My Thursday
breakfast
off to school
school time
gym
swimming
lunchtime
handwriting class
time to go home!

Asha's school
This is the little kids' class.
This is one of the middle cluster rooms.
This is the computer room.
This is another middle cluster room.
This is a little girl.
This is some artwork.
These are the crayons in the little kids' class.

My Day
computer
music
alphabet
bingo
paint
play time
lunch
recess
time to listen
writing
watch TV
Quiet reading
library
coloring
reading

Michelle's Book Litter
This singlet,
I love it.
This is a beautiful
dress.
This is a short dress 
that I like, and I love the bag.
I like the look of the clothes and I 
like the way they dress.
This lady is 
sitting on the bricks.
This one is going on a picnic.
This lady is looking down.
This lady is smiling.
This lady is looking down at her book.
This lady is looking happy.

Dolphins
This dolphin is swimming.
These dolphins are smart.
These dolphins are diving.
These dolphins are blue.
These dolphins are waiting for food.
These dolphins are cruising.
These dolphins are swimming as one.
These dolphins are jumping.
These dolphins are going to eat the man!

Volcano
The volcano is rumbling.
The volcano is quiet.
The volcano is erupting.

Finding Gold
In the 1850's many people came to Australia in search of gold.
This is an old mineshaft.
Many people panned for gold in creeks.
This took a lot of time. Very often, nothing was found.
Gold dust and small nuggets were found.
Gold dust and nuggets would be melted down into a liquid and poured into molds.
The goldsmith would work with these ingots and turn it into jewelry, paint, etc.
This is an example of a painting where gold is used.

A Day in the City
Once upon a time, the Gingerbread  boy wanted to see the big city.
He caught a train to the big city.
He went for a ride in a bright red sports car.
He went 
rollerblading in the city streets.
He had a picnic in the park.
He joined the gingerbread club.
He went to the museum, but at the end of the day...
there is no place like home and family.

The Blue Angels
The U.S. Navy has airplanes called the Blue Angels.
The Blue Angels are fast!
They do cool tricks.
These six Blue Angels are like a pyramid.
These ones are crossing.
They can draw pictures with their smoke.
These Blue Angels are all splitting out.
These Blue Angels are flying in the night.
This is inside a Blue Angel.  The pilot sits here and pushes all these buttons.
The Blue Angels are the best airplanes ever!

Dragons at Night
This dragon looks like metal.
This dragon looks like it's in a parade.
This dragon looks like a painting.
This dragon looks like a statue.
This dragon is blue and it has horns.
This dragon is breathing fire.
This dragon is called a komodo dragon.

Policemen
There are many different kinds of policemen.
Some policemen drive white cars.
Some policemen drive black SUVs.
Some policemen ride motorcycles.
Some policemen ride bikes.
Some policemen ride horses.
Some policemen walk.
Some policemen talk.
Some policemen play.
All policemen try to make our communities safe.

The Olympic Games
The Olympic Games are on TV.
This is the running track in the Olympic Games.
There are running races in the Olympic Games.
This is the high jump in the Olympic Games.
There are sailing races in the Olympic Games.
This man is throwing the javelin in the Olympic Games.
There are swimming races in the Olympic Games.
There is diving in the Olympic Games.
There is horse riding in the Olympic Games.
There are bike races in the Olympic Games.
The winner gets a gold medal in the Olympic Games.

Sports and Me
Playing sports keep you and your brain active. Keeping your brain active, gives it fuel to keep working.
Swimming is a sport that can be individual or a team event.
Running around a court with your teammates playing tennis is great fitness and lots of fun!
Football players do lots of exercise which helps them to fuel their body and minds.

Red Hen.
Once upon a time a cat, a rat, and a red hen lived in a house.
The cat had a basket.
The rat had a hole.
The hen had a wooden perch.
One morning the hen said, "Who will get up and light the fire?"
"Not I," said the cat.
"Not I," said the rat.
"I'll do it myself," said the red hen and she did.
Then she said, "Who will make some food?"
"Not I," said the cat.
"Not I," said the rat.
"I'll do it myself," said the red hen and she did.
"Who will help me eat the food?" said the red hen.
"I will," said the cat.
"I will," said the rat.
"No! I'll do it myself," said the red hen and she did!

Purple
These are some purple flowers with a pug dog.
These are some purple shoes.
These are some purple cup cakes.
These are purple bubbles.
This is a purple cup cake.
This is a purple car.
These are purple balloons.
Purple is my favourite colour.

Luke and Jon Play Basketball
I like slamball.
Here is a basketball
dunk.
Here is a high dunk.
The dog can play, too.
Here is a basketball girl.
Basketball dogs
can do the slam dunk.
Basketball is
cool.
Dolphins can
play basketball in the water.
These girls cheer for basketball.
This is a cool dunk.
I am good at basketball.
Luke and Jon watch the game.
Jon is my friend.

Barbie For Elenna
I like Barbies.
Some Barbies have toys.
Some Barbies work.
Some Barbies drive.
Some Barbies have shoes.
Some Barbies get married.
Some Barbies are presents.
Be careful! Some Barbies break.

Computers
This is the baby room teacher's lappy.
Look at these cool computers in the office of childcare.
This is the laptop in the baby room.
This is the boss's laptop.
This is the keyboard for the computer in the staff room.

Buses
This is a childcare bus.
This is a fancy bus. This bus belongs to the baby room.
This is the kindy room bus.
These kids go on the kindy room bus.
These kids go on the white bus.
These lucky babies get to go on the fancy bus.
I love school buses.

Child Care
This is the kindy room at child care.
Here is a girl in the toddler room.
Here is a kid from the kindy room playing on the playground.
Babies go in the baby room. This is baby Georgia.
It's lots of fun at child care.

Dolphins
I like dolphins.
Dolphins like to smile.
Dolphins like to surf.
Dolphins like to splash.
Dolphins like to clap.
Dolphins like to kiss.
Mwah!
Dolphins like to laugh.
Dolphins like to play.
Dolphins like big groups.
Dolphins like the open sea.
Dolphins like us.

I Love Ice Cream!
I love ice cream.
Ice cream makes me feel happy!
Here are some happy faces!
Here is a happy old lady. She is smiling because she is happy.
I bet this kid is getting some ice cream. She looks so happy.
I like ice cream because it is cold.
I like ice cream because of the cones!
I love ice cream because it is yummy. It makes me feel happy!

Freight Trains
This is my freight train. I drive it.
I drive this freight train.
People have to stop for me.
My freight train is a good train. I like driving it.
Driving is interesting. Here is the driver’s seat. I like driving my freight train.

Different Kinds of Geese
The geese are flying in the open sky.
I did not know that a goose could have a black head.
That goose has a long neck. He should be called long-neck Joe Goose.
This mama goose is having her babies.
The mama goose is trying to teach her babies to swim.
That is a daddy goose head.
That baby goose is walking to her mother.
Those geese are hugging each other.
I did not know that geese knew how to fly like jets.

Pokemon by Alex P.
This is a Pokemon plane.
This is a Pikachu car.
This is Pikachu getting squashed by a car.  Poor Pikachu!
This is a Pikachu gameboy.
This is Pikachu's family jumping out of the game.
This is Gangar holding a giant ball.

Olympics by DJ and Ryan
The Olympics start today in China. There are 5 rings that symbolize the Olympics.
They compete with each other in sports.
They win medals that are gold, silver, and bronze.
They have fun!
They celebrate at the end.

Airplanes by Alex,Alex,& Cyrus
Airplanes take off on runways.
Cyrus flew to Iran.
Alex is flying to Albany, New York soon.
Engines spin really fast.
Alex P. has not flown on an airplane yet.
The airport in Raleigh, North Carolina is called RDU.

I Can
I can run.
I can jump.
I can swim.
I can ride a horse.
I can ride a bike.
I can play basketball.
I can play soccer.
I can play tennis.

Things Our Class Likes
Someone in our class likes horse riding.
Someone else likes Thomas.
Our teacher likes golf,
and some people like basketball.
Someone likes Hannah Montana.
We are all different.

Chocolate by Beth
I love chocolate chip cookies!
I love chocolate cupcakes!
I love hot cocoa after I play in the snow!
I love chocolate cake!
I love chocolate pudding.  I eat it with lunch.
I love chocolate ice cream. This is a funny picture.
I love chocolate donuts, too!
I really love ice cream sandwiches.  My grandparents have them at their house.

Pokemon
This is a Pokemon jet plane.
This is Pikachu's car.
This is Pikachu getting squashed by a car.  Poor Pikachu!
Pikachu is in lights!
This is a Pikachu gameboy.
This is Pikachu's family jumping out of the game.
Pikachu's friends are having a party at the museum.
This is a Pokemon book.
This is Gangar holding a giant ball.

Traveling West
Traveling west,
across lakes,
through the desert,
over rivers,
between hills,
on salt flats,
in tall grass.
There are no roads,
some forests,
cold winters,
some bears,
and a rattlesnake.
There are no shops,
no  lights,
no bottles or cans,
just a wagon and horses

What Do You Like?
Do you like pizza?
I do!
Do you like carrots?
I don't!
Do you like cheese?
I do!
Do you like sandwiches?
I do!
Do you like sausages?
I do!
Do you like licorice?
I don't!
But I love bananas!

The Eagle
This eagle is waiting for food.
This baby eagle is looking for it's mum.
This eagle is looking for fish.
This eagle is black with a yellow beak.
This eagle is going for a joy flight.
This eagle is looking.
This eagle is enjoying the sun.
This eagle is diving for his food.
This eagle is being chased.
This eagle is bathing.

My Favourite Cars
This is the start of a drag race.
This car has flames.
This car is black.
This car is fast.
This car is orange.
This car is the best.
This car is white.
This car is yellow.
This car is colourful.
This car has the best motor.

I Like Dolls.
I like dolls!
This doll is wearing glasses.
Another doll is wearing glasses!
This doll has blue eyes.
My doll is drinking.
This doll is doing homework.
I like dolls.

Douglas Likes Computers
Here are lots of computers.
This is a laptop.
This is a laptop when it is closing.
These are two boys who love computers, too.
When using a computer, we use the keyboard to type things.
You can play games on your computer.
It is fun to play computer games with your friends.

Scary Monsters
Monsters are scary.
Ghosts can be scary.  Whooooooo!
This dragon is dangerous!
This monster is green and scary.
This monster is sticking his tongue out!
This zombie is scary.
Be careful of monsters, they get in your dreams.

Baby Cats
I am cute.
I am twice as cute.
I am a little shy.
I am not at all shy.
I am tiny, but when I grow-up...
watch out!

The Senior Book
Here are the cheerleaders
This teddy is ugly!
Off to the match.
Go The Storm!
Some of the cheerleaders are good looking!
Go! Go! Go The Storm!
Stay away Sonny!

Daniel Radcliffe
Daniel and Emma are best friends.
This is Daniel.
Here we are all together.
Here I am making hand prints.
It is so nice to meet you.

Rabbits by Brianna and Alaina
Rabbits are very cute upside down.
Those rabbits are dressed like tigers.
This bunny rabbit is furry and soft.
This rabbit is gray and is sitting next to a pink flower.
These rabbits are cuddling.
These rabbits are wearing goggles.
These rabbits are kissing.
This rabbit is dancing.

Track Out Academy by James
Track Out Academy was so much fun!
We played on the computers.
This looks like my friend, Seth.
Ms. Bare was my teacher. I like her because she is my friend.
We read the bus book. It was my favorite.
I liked playing with Seth.
I like Ms. Scott too, but she is retired.

Horses by Rachel and Kathleen
Horses are very beautiful.
Horses come in many different colors.
Horses eat grass.
Horses can throw you off.
You can ride horses.
Horses can canter.
Horses can trot or run fast.
Horses travel in families.
We love horses!!!!!

Kim Possible
Anything is possible with Kim Possible.
Kim, Rufus and  Ron fight crime.
Here comes Kim to save the day.
Shego and Kim are enemies.
Kim Possible loves Ron Stoppable.
Ron loves Rufus.
Rufus is a super cool naked mole rat!
Sometimes Kim just wants to be a normal girl.
But she is better than normal ... She is Kim Possible!

Animals by Anna & Nicholas
Animals are great!
Anna likes birds.
Nicholas really loves elephants.
All elephants!
This bird likes to tweet.
Anna thinks this horse is pretty.
We see seagulls at the beach. They say "caw."

Recess by Cyrus
At recess, we play soccer.
At recess, we play kickball.
At recess, we play with our friends.
At recess, we run.
I love recess!

Lost Freedom
A man came and caught me.
I can remember my old, happy home.
I can remember peace and I had lots to eat.
The man chased me and caught me.
I can remember how he made me carry him.
I can remember happy times....
before the man caught me, I was with my family.
I will get rid of the man.
I will not carry the man.
I will be free!
I will be as free as I can remember.

Dora
Dora likes to explore
Dora is  in lights!
Dora likes the beach.
I like my Dora shirt.
Dora sits at her table.
Dora waves to me on TV.
Dora is really tall.
Dora has funny friends.
This is my Dora game.
Here are lots and lots of Doras.
This is my wobbly Dora.
Dora floats in the sky.
These are pink boots for Dora.
Yum! It is Dora ice cream.
Dora is on her way to school.
Dora cake is very yummy!

Haley Likes Bugs!!!
Look at this cool green bug.
The ladybug is walking slow.
This is a wasp.
Look at the beautiful butterfly.
Look at this snail.
Look at this bumblebee.
This is a moth.
The butterfly is red.
This bug is a pretty blue.
Ladybugs are my favorite bugs.
My mom likes to call me Haleybug!!

Fairies
Fairies are beautiful, just like Tinkerbell.
Fairies have wings to fly.
Mean fairies are called pixies.
Little girls dream of being fairies.
Fairies come in all colors, shapes, and sizes.
Some fairies are very, very small.
This fairy is bright, like the sun.
Fairies often live in gardens.
Fairies look beautiful with flowers in their hair.
Do you like to draw fairies?
This fairy is a princess.

Teeth by Haley
There are two teeth.
Braces will make your teeth straight.
The lollipop will hurt a tooth if it's wiggly.
The tiger has very scary teeth.
Her teeth really hurt.
The kitty has sharp teeth like the tiger.
The dog has small teeth.
The dentist tries to brush your teeth.

Dogs by Luis
Luis loves dogs.
Luis thinks this dog has funny teeth.
This dog loves his mom.
They have sunglasses on.  One has red and one has blue.
This puppy can fit in your hand.

Time for the Fair
Let's go to the fair.
You can buy candy.
You can see lots of animals.
But most of all, I like the rides!
You can see flowers.
You can eat fair food.
But most of all, I like the rides!
You can play games.
You can even win prizes.
But most of all...
I like the rides!
The end.

Soccer by Miles
This boy is doing a facer with the soccer ball.
This dog wants to play soccer.
This team is getting their photo taken.
This boy is going to score a goal.
The soccer ball is waiting to get bought.

Feeling Angry
This is an angry face. Sometimes you feel angry, don't you?
How do you feel inside when you are angry? Sometimes it feels like you are going to explode.
Sometimes you feel like you are going to POP!
Sometimes you feel hot inside.
It's OK to feel angry sometimes. Everyone feels angry sometimes.

Blue Whales
What is the biggest animal?
Is it an elephant? No!
Is it a giraffe? No!
Is it a hippopotamus? No!
It has big bones.
It lives in the sea.
Can you see it?
It has a very big tail.
It is blue.
It is the blue whale.

Rugby League
I like The Roosters because Anthony Minichiello and Braith Anasta play for them.
I like the Brisbane Broncos because they are my favourite team.
I like The Storms because they are my second best team.
I like NSW because I was born there.
I like Cameron Smith because he is the captain of The Storms.

Relationships
You can kiss your Mum.
You can kiss your girlfriend.
You can hug your Mum.
You can hug your friends.
But stop!
You don't touch people at school.
At school we shake hands.
We can wave!
You can wave to say hello.
Teachers wave to say goodbye
Some people are strangers.
We don't kiss or hug strangers.
At school we shake hands.

Drag Racing
In drag racing, two cars race side by side,
or two motorcycles,
or maybe a tank and a truck,
or even a school bus!
The cars make a lot of smoke.
The cars are very colorful.
The cars go very fast.
The driver sits in a very small space.
The back tires are very wide.
Sometimes the cars do "wheelies."
The drivers wear helmets.
Come to the races with me!

Thats So Raven
That's So Raven is a cool TV show.
Raven can be crazy.
They dress up funny too.
Raven has cool friends.
Chelsea and Raven are best friends.
Eddie is Raven's best friend, too.
Cory is annoying.
Raven has a cool family.

The Proud Family
I love the Proud family.
Penny is cool.
Penny has friends.
Oscar is crazy.
Trudy is nice.
Suga Mama loves Puff.
Dijonay is Penny's best friend.
Lacienega is mean.
Sticky wants to be a DJ.
Zoey is smart.
The Proud family is the best family !

Stars by Haley & Rebecca
Stars are pretty.
Star bottles are crazy.
Stars are very pretty when they spread out.
Starfish belong under the deep, blue sea.
Stars are on the United States flag.
Fireworks make stars on the 4th of July!

High School Musical
I love High School Musical !
They can sing.
They can dance.
They are friends.
Troy is fun.
Gabriella is pretty.
Sharpay is mean.
Chad is cute.
Ryan and Sharpay are twins.
Taylor is smart.
High School Musical 2 was great.
But High School Musical 3 will be better !

Flowers by Beth
Flowers are many different colors.
This is a sunflower.
These are wild daisies growing in the mountains.
There is water on these flowers.
This is my favorite picture.
Purple flowers are pretty.
These roses look like a big heart.
Many bugs get pollen from the flowers. They like flowers, too!

Ringtones by Malerie and Hunter
There are a lot of ring tones on my Ipod.
You can make ring tones with a guitar.
Ring tones are fun to hear.
We listen to G105 on the radio.
I like Chris Daughtrey.  He's my favorite singer!

Pancakes
We made some pancakes.
I like apples on my pancakes.
I like blueberries on my pancakes.
I like syrup on my pancakes.
I like butter on my pancakes.
I like lots of pancakes!

Fire In The Castle!
The castle is big.
The castle is on a hill.
The castle looks scary at night.
The castle is haunted!
Beware! The lion may eat you!
Wizards live in castles.
Witches live in castles.
Vampires live in castles.
Harry Potter can turn people to stone!
Harry Potter lights a match.
The castle burns down!

Soleh's Football Book
I like to watch football games.
I like to play football.
Teams play football.
Everyone can play football...
even ponies!
You can wear a uniform.
You can play in the street.
You can throw different kinds of balls...
even old ones!
You can play football games.
Football is fun!

Animal Book
I like animals like lions.
This giraffe is a baby.
Tigers have stripes.
I like the noise the seal makes.
Meerkats are really cute.











Merekats are really cute.
This hippo has a big mouth.
The dad rhino is looking after the baby.
Mum and baby elephants love each other.
This male lion has a mane.
This cat is clever.
The puppy feels sad.
Is this a pelican?
All animals are different!

What's In Outer Space?
The moon is in outer space.
The planets are in outer space.
Planets with rings are in outer space.
Shooting stars are in outer space.
The space station is in outer space.
Astronauts are in outer space.
Rockets are in outer space.
Stars are in outer space.
The sun is in outer space.
Earth is in outer space.
Red planets are in outer space.
Do you think aliens are in outer space?

Bike Bits
My bike has pedals. I push on my pedals.
My bike has a seat. I sit on my seat.
My bike has wheels. I make my wheels go round.
My bike has handlebars. I steer with my handlebars.
My bike has a bell. I ring my bell.
My bike has a basket. I put things in my basket.
I love to ride my bike.

Stars by Chris
I love stars!
stars
stars
shooting stars
stars
red stars
stars
stars
more stars
stars
stars
gold stars
stars
stars
green stars
stars
stars
white stars
stars
stars
stars
I love stars!

Good Food
Hey, what's your favorite food?
Big Macs are tasty.
Pizza is the best.
Hot dogs are awesome!
Ice cream is sweet.
Chicken is yummy.
Steak is good.
I love cookies.
Cake makes me smile.
Fries taste great!
Salad is healthy.
Onion rings are good.
The End

Rain by Rachel & Kathleen
Rain is wet.
It's hard to see in rain.
Rain waters the plants.
Rain sometimes makes people sad.
Rain can also be beautiful.
Rain made this pretty rose wet.
Rain sticks to cobwebs.
Rain and sun make a beautiful rainbow.
Rain makes a pretty reflection in the water.
Look at those cool raindrops on the leaf.
I love rain!

Rockets by Alex S.
These are called rocket ships.
They can take you to outer space.
They take you to other planets.
They take off at the Kennedy Space Center.
Scientists are the experts of rockets.

Ships by Alex P.
Ships sail on the water.
Ships are fast.
Ships have bows.
Ships have propeller tubes.
Ships are huge.

Hungry Hamster
I am hungry.
I found some food.
I found some more food.
I found some yummy food.
I found a treat.
I found hidden food.
I found food by a box.
I am so full.
I am tired.

I Wish
I wish it was tea time.
I wish it was not raining.
I wish I was not all alone.
I wish I was always good.
I wish someone loved me.

Trucks
Trucks
Some trucks are old.
Some trucks are new.
Some trucks are red.
And some trucks are blue.
There are fire trucks,
and petrol trucks.
Some are big.
Some are small.
So many trucks,
I love them all!

Painting by Beth
Painting is fun!
You can paint cool designs.
You can paint in different colors.
You can paint a sunset.
You can paint the sky. This is my favorite one.
This is one of my favorite designs, too.
This one looks like a tornado.
These colors can help you make a rainbow!

I Like Food
I like hamburgers.
I like chips.
I like hot dogs.
I like ice cream.
I like soft drinks.
I don't like olives.
I don't like pizza.
I don't like salad.
I don't like peppers.
I like cakes.

Michael
How does Mim feel about Michael?
Excited when he comes over.
Amazed by the fantastic words he says.
Sad when she doesn't get to see him for a few days.
Confused sometimes, as well.
Guilty when boundaries are pushed too far.
Antsy when she doesn't get her morning text from him.
Relaxed when he's holding her.
In fact, so relaxed it's like floating on a cloud!
For Mim, it's a roller coaster of emotions.
Sometimes she feels she needs to escape from them.
But for now, her feet are firmly planted here.
Maybe it is a crazy thing called love?

Angry
The wet cat is angry.
The gorilla is angry.
The white tiger is angry.
The man is angry.
The young man is angry.
The old man is angry.
The lady is angry.
The big dog is angry.
The boy is angry.

Michael's Birds
Here are two birds.
This bird has a big beak.
The swan is swimming on the water.
The bird is blue.
The birds are friends.
That is a big bird.
This bird is strong.
The bird has a big tail.
The bird is green.
This bird plays chess.

I Love Tigers
This tiger is lying down.
This tiger loves snow.
This tiger is lazy.
This tiger is having a cuddle.
This tiger is swimming.
This tiger is lonely.
These tigers are playing.
This tiger is sleeping.
This tiger is in love.
This tiger is drinking.
This tiger is near her dad.
This tiger is ready to pounce.

Kayla's Farm Animals
This is a baby horse.
This is Kayla's pig.
This little lamb is jumping.
This rooster pecks.
This goat is hungry.
The baby is with its mum.
This turkey is waiting.
This pig is angry.
This lamb likes showing its bum.

My Favourite Animals
My favourite animal is a squirrel.
I love horses.
I like monkeys.
I love deer.
This is a lion.
This is a meerkat.
The two lambs are having milk.

Mrs. Dale's Shoes
Mrs. Dale loves shoes.
Mrs. Dale would not like these shoes.
Mrs. Dale would like these shoes.
Mrs. Dale has more than one pair of shoes.
Mrs. Dale has colourful shoes.
These are Mrs. Dale's shopping shoes.
Mrs. Dale loves shoes more than books.
Mrs. Dale admires her shoes.
Mrs. Dales tries on her new shoes.
Mrs. Dale loves black shoes.
Are these Mrs. Dale's hiking shoes?
Are these Mrs. Dale's working shoes?
These are Mrs. Dale's going out shoes.
Mrs. Dale loves high heels. They are useful.

Water Pollution.
Our planet needs clean water.
People are polluting water and making it dirty.
Factories and industry pollute water.
Ships carry oil. It can spill and pollute the water.
Ships can sink and spill a lot of oil. It pollutes the water.
When oil spills, it floats on top of water. It can pollute the land around it.
Birds like this one get covered in oil. They can die.
Rain causes waste to run off from our gardens and farms. It goes into the drains.
It runs off into our rivers and creeks and pollutes them.
If we continue to pollute our water, we will all suffer. Animals, birds and fish need clean water.

My Body Has Lots Of Parts
My body has many parts.
These are feet.
These are eyes.
This  is a hairy chest.
This is a tongue.
This is a neck.
These are hands.
This is a belly button.
These are teeth.
This is a knee.
These are lips.
These are toes.
This is a face.
These are legs.
This is long hair.
This is an elbow.
This is an ankle
This is a mouth.
This is the sole of a foot.
These are wrists.
These are knuckles.
This is a head.
This is a chin.
My body can do many things.

Air Pollution
The haze over a city is dirty air. It is called air pollution. It can make you cough.
Factories and power plants burn coal or oil. Smoke comes out of their chimneys. The fumes pollute the air.
People fly in aeroplanes. The fumes pollute the air.
Buses run by burning diesel. The fumes pollute the air.
Cars run by burning petrol. The fumes pollute the air.
People raise cows on farms. The gas they let out pollutes the air.
Volcanoes erupt. The ash and smoke pollute the air.
If our air pollution gets too bad, we will have to wear masks to breathe.

The Princess Book of Love
Sometimes, a princess needs a kitty.
Baby princesses live in a castle.
Princesses are kind.
Ariel is beautiful and a good singer.
Princesses are pretty.
Snow White is a good dancer.
Castles are enchanted.
Cinderella is enchanted, too.
Snow White loves her prince.
Princesses live happily ever after!

Fashion for Girls
This outfit rocks.
Strike a pose.
Oh my gosh! Look at my hair.
I have all the colours of the rainbow.
Watch out for cars!!!
I love my red shoes.
Wow! Look at my socks.

Basketball
You will need a basketball.
You will need sneakers.
You will need a net.
Basketball is a team sport.
Sometimes you dribble the ball.
Sometimes you shoot the ball.
The goal is to get it in the net.
You can help your team score some points.

My Shells
I love shells.
That is a weird looking shell cake.
Those shells look like fans.
Those are scattered shells on the beach.
If you put the shell to your ear, you can hear the ocean.
Those shells look like a butterfly.
My beach has a row of shells that look like that.
Some of those shells look like carrots.
That shell looks like it has a mohawk.

Sea Turtles
Sea Turtles
Where do sea turtles live?
They live in the sea!
Where do they have their babies?
They come to the beach to lay their eggs.
Like little chickens, baby turtles come from eggs.
The big turtle needs to dig at night.
She needs to dig a hole to keep the eggs warm.
In the morning they go back to the sea.
When they hatch, the little turtles have to walk to the water.
Look at all the baby turtles.
When in the water, they are ready to swim away.
Sea turtles are beautiful.

Garage Doors
One garage door stands all alone.
Two garage doors in a row.
Three garage doors in a row.
Four garage doors in a row.
Five garage doors in a row.
Six garage doors in a row.
Seven garage doors in a row.
Eight garage doors in a row.
Nine red garage doors in a row.
So many garage doors I can't count them all!

Chris Brown
Chris Brown is a singer.
Chris Brown is really cute.
Chris Brown has really good songs.
Chris Brown has a lot of fans.
Chris Brown has a lot of concerts.
Chris Brown is my favorite singer.
You rock, Chris Brown!

Fly Fishing
Fly fishing is fun.
Fly fishing is my favorite fishing.
Fly fishing is a good way to pass the time.
Fly fishing uses a long pole.
Fly fishing uses fly hooks.
Fly fishing is done in lakes.
Fly fishing is great.
You can fly fish, too. Come with me.

Monkeys I Like
I saw this monkey in the movie Space Chimps.
I saw this monkey at the zoo.
The baby brown monkey sits on Mom's shoulders.
Mom carries a baby.
This monkey folds his arms.
I see three monkeys.
I see many toy monkeys.

Making Toast
Get a muffin...
or some bread.
Pop it into the toaster.
Get a knife.
Put on butter.
Add some jam...
or peanut butter...
..or Vegemite.

Holidays
movies
art gallery
sci-tech
park
legos
computer
shopping
supermarket
riding a bike
playing with toys
walk the dog
play station

All About Puppies
Boxer puppies are playful.
There are lots of puppies in this litter.
This puppy is big!
This puppy looks like the one my dad has.
This looks like my new puppy!
Puppies are funny.
I love puppies!

Bulldogs
Bulldogs
I have two dogs.
My dog looked like this once.
This is how my dogs sleep, with their tongues out.
This how my dog plays.
This is what one of my dogs looks like.
This is how my dogs smile.
My dogs love the snow.
Sometimes my dog looks like this, with his paws next to his face and his tongue sticking out.
Bulldogs are good pets.

Racing
Red cars are fast.
Blue cars are cool.
Gold cars are classic racers.
Brad drives this old race car.
Brad races this motorcycle.
Brad likes to race.

Going Places
When I go to the park, I ride my bike.
When I go to the shop, I ride my bike.
When I go to school, I ride my bike.
When I go home, I ride my bike.
When I go to the pool, I ride my bike.
When I go to my friend's house, I ride my bike.
When I go to the movies, I ride my bike.
I ride my bike to lots of places.

Rainbow Bikes
My bike is red.
My bike is pink.
My bike is yellow.
My bike is blue.
My bike is green.
My bike is white.
My bike is orange.
My bike is black.
My bike is lots of colours!

The House
This is a door.
This is a window.
This is a chimney.
This is a roof.
This is a wall.
This is a house.

Movie Magic
Movie magic is seeing the movie names in lights.
Movie magic is choosing a movie to attend.
Movie magic is deciding what candy to have at the show.
Movie magic is finding the best seat in the house.
Movie magic is seeing your favorite actor on the big screen.
Movie magic is enjoying buttery popcorn.
Movie magic is enjoying the show.
Movies are magical.

At Home
At home, I go inside.
At home, I help in the kitchen.
At home, I clean my room.
At home, I sit in the lounge.
At home, I do some art.
At home, I use the computer.
At home, I play with the dog.
At home, I eat dinner.
At home, I mow.
At home, I read.
At home, I put on shoes.
At home, I pet the cat.

The Literacy Session at Camp Courage is . . .
The Literacy Session at Camp Courage is...
a good book.
The Literacy Session at Camp Courage is...
beautiful sunsets.
The Literacy Session at Camp Courage is...
singing.
The Literacy Session at Camp Courage is...
a camp out.
The Literacy Session at Camp Courage is...
new friends.
The Literacy Session at Camp Courage is...
climbing a word wall.
The Literacy Session at Camp Courage is...
tubing behind a boat.
The Literacy Session at Camp Courage is...
fun writing.
The Literacy Session at Camp Courage is...
karaoke.
Most of all, literacy camp is fun!

The Wildlife Park
Here is the Wildlife Park.
Here is the kangaroo.
Here is the kookaburra.
Here is the koala.
Here is the cockatoo.
Here is the quoll.
Here is Buster the snake!

Play in the Snow!
The wolf likes the snow.
The horses like the snow.
The rabbit likes the snow.
The cat likes the snow.
The bird likes the snow.
The ducks like the snow.
Even the snowmen like the snow!

Chavez  Likes
Chavez likes rice.
Chavez likes spinning tops.
Chavez likes rice crackers.
Chavez likes climbing.
Chavez likes swinging.
Chavez likes puffed rice.
Chavez likes swimming.

My Dream Car
I like to go really fast in a car.
I like to go in mad cars.
I would like to go and watch the cars.
I wish I had a car like that!
I wish I had a car like this.
I like the look of this car.

Car Book
I like red cars.
I like orange cars.
I like yellow cars.
I like Subaru cars.
I like going fast.
This car is dangerous.
This car is old.
This is a cool car.

School Begins
Highland Park is my school.
Ms. Jones is my bus driver.
I will sit on the bus.
I will ride one mile to school.
If it rains, I will ride home on the bus.
I will have a pink book bag.
I will use crayons in my bag.
I will have a journal.
I have books at home and school.
I will read everywhere!
After elementary school comes middle school.

What I Love!
We love the Beach!
Buddy is my friend.
Tink is sweet and I love him.
I love cheering.
We love each other.
I love my cousin.
This princess loves Nana.
Football is fun.
I love my Mom and Dad!!!
We all love going on vacation.

My Grandma
This is my grandma. She hugs me.
This is my grandma. She walks with me.
This is my grandma. She laughs with me.
This is my grandma. She kisses me.
This is my grandma. She dances with me.
This is my grandma. She reads to me.
This is my grandma. She eats with me.
This is my grandma. She takes me to the beach.
I love my grandma!

Colourful Bugs.
Some bugs are green.
Some bugs are black.
Some bugs are orange.
Some bugs are white.
Some bugs are yellow.
Some bugs are grey.
Some bugs are pink.
Some bugs are red.
Some bugs are blue.
Some bugs are brown.

A World of Colour.
The sky is blue.
The tree is green.
The sand is brown.
The snow is white.
The river is green.
The sun is yellow.
The moon is gray.

Big Boys Don't Cry
Big boys don't cry,
but tiny babies do.
Big boys don't cry,
but little girls do.
Big boys don't cry,
but young boys do.
Big boys don't cry,
but big girls do.
Big boys don't...
Oh, yes,
they do.
And that's okay.

Reality TV
Reality TV is for people...
Who want to be dancers.
Who want to be singers.
Who want to be models.
Who want to be movie stars.
Who want to be married.
Who want to survive.
Who want plastic surgery.
Who want to be right.
Who want to be famous.
Who want to be rich.
Who want to be funny.
What do you want to be?

Disney Characters Celebrate
Disney Celebrations
Daisy Duck
Minnie Mouse
Goofy
Tigger
Mickey Mouse
Toy Story
Pinocchio
Cars
Chipmunks
Winnie the Pooh
Donald Duck
Dwarfs
Beauty and Beast
Snow Whites Dwarfs
Lion King
Daisy Duck
Ursula

Legends of All Time
This is The King, Elvis Presley
Buddy Holley sang, "The day the music died."
Buddy, Richie and the Big Bopper die together in a plane crash.
Buddy Holley is remembered forever.
Norma Jean is known as Marilyn Monroe
This is James Dean, The Rebel
Jimi Hendrix made Purple Haze.
John Lennon was in The Beatles.
See Bill Haley and the Comets.
Heath Ledger was in Batman.

Signs, Signs, Everywhere a Sign
Signs, signs, everywhere a sign!
No smoking! It is bad for your health.
No dogs!
Keep left!
Exit right!
Way out!
Wrong way!
No U-turn!
You are here! 
I thought I was lost.
Stop!
Go!
Don't speed!
Watch out for kangaroos!
Don't swim with crocodiles. They will eat you!
Danger! Keep out!
Keep off grass!
What do you think this sign says?

Rock Music is Great!
I love rock music.
I love rock guitars.
I love rock drums.
I love the singing.
I want to go to rock concerts.
I want to see the bands on stage.
Rock concerts are loud.
Rock concerts have bright lights.
They jump around on stage.
Boys play rock music.
Girls play rock music.
I listen to rock at home.
What music do you like?

Desert  Animals
Camels live in the desert.
Foxes live in the desert.
Coyotes live in the desert.
Snakes live in the desert.
Armadillos live in the desert.
Bobcats live in the desert.
Owls live in the desert.
Rabbits live in the desert.

Today I Am Sad
Oh no!
Mommy packed her suitcase.
I tried to climb inside her bag.
Mommy said, "No, no, you cannot come."
I cried.
Mommy left me.
I was very sad.
My puppy was sad.
My cat was mad.
Daddy said, "Don't be sad, Mommy will come home soon."
I waited and waited.
Soon Mommy came home.
What a surprise!
Mommy brought home a baby brother for me.
I held my brother.
He looks just like daddy.
Today I am happy!

Clouds Up Above
Clouds up above.
Clouds are round and fluffy.
Clouds are soft and puffy.
Clouds as far as I can see.
Clouds all around me.
Clouds can shine red so true.
Clouds can turn into blue.
Clouds might be dark and full of fright.
Clouds becoming rainbow bright.
Clouds in the ocean like a mirror.
Clouds never seem to get nearer.
Clouds smile at the setting sun.
Clouds stay when the day is done.
Goodnight clouds.

Saving the Planet
Saving Our Planet
Some people like fast cars.
Cars need lots of gas.
Small cars need less gas.
Gas scooters use less gas than a car.
Electric scooters use no gas.
Walking uses no gas.
Some people walk to save gas.
In India, many ride on 1 scooter.
How will you save the planet?
Will you choose a gas scooter?
Will you choose an electric scooter?
Will you choose to walk?
My friend will walk and I will ride my scooter.

Charlotte's Web
Erin saw Charlotte's Web.
Wilbur loves Fern.
Wilbur is a pig.
Wilbur lives on Zuckerman's Farm.
Charlotte is a spider.
Charlotte spins a web.
Wilbur is glad that Charlotte spun the web.
Charlotte helps Wilbur to live.
Wilbur is some pig!

Airplanes
I like planes.
My daddy flies Lufthansa.
There is a plane taking off.
There is a Delta plane that just landed.
I rode on that airline before.  It's called Northwest.

Friends for Colonel
Colonel drank all my milk.
I get so tired of watching Colonel run all over the place.
I can run as fast as you can, Colonel.
Colonel, you should dress up like I do.
Colonel, what did you do to my ears?

Pokemon
Pokemon is my favorite thing!
This is  Pikachu and his car.
This is a Pikachu plane.
This is a Jiggly Puff cake.
This is a Pikachu float.
This is a Pokemon hummer.
This is a Pokemon bus.
This is a Pokemon man.
This is Squirtle the Turtle.
This is Gangar.
I love to buy Pokemon stuff.

Football!
Football is a rough sport.
In Europe, they call soccer "futbol."
When we win, we throw confetti!
They turn on the lights at night.
They wear tight pants.
They say, "Hut, hut, hike!"
Football is my favorite sport!

We love cars!
This new car doesn't need gas.
This is a face car.
I want a blue car for my mom.
Our moms have shiny, black new cars.
Ms. Anderson likes Barbie cars.

Microscopes
Can you guess what this is??
It's under a microscope!
Can you guess what this is??
Can you guess what this is?
Can you guess what this is?
Can you guess what this is?
Microscopes are so cool!

Amy's Book
I like donkeys.
I like puppies
I like kittens.
I like monkeys.
I like birds.
I like butterflies.
I like flowers.
I like sunsets.
I like clouds.
I like the ocean.
I like fish.
I like dolphins.

I Want To...
I want to run!
I want to swing!
I want to jump!
I want to make noise!
I want to swim!
I want to sing!
I want to skip!
I want to sleep!
What do you want to do?

Look at Me...
Look at me.
Look at me. I am...
Look at me.
Look at me. I am...
Look at me.
Look at me. I am...
Look at me.
Look at me. I am...
Look at me.
Look at me. I am...
Look at me.
Look at me I am...
Look at me.
Look at me. I am...
Look at me.
Look at me. I am...

I Like Sushi
I like sushi.
Japanese people like sushi.
American people like sushi.
Kids like sushi, too.
There are many kinds of sushi.
Tuna sushi.
Squid sushi.
Salmon sushi.
Shrimp sushi.
Even Blowfish sushi!
Some kinds of sushi are rolled.
Some people eat sushi with their hands.
Some people eat sushi with chopsticks.
Some people eat sushi in nice restaurants.
Some people eat sushi from a conveyor belt!
I like sushi.
Let's eat sushi together!

If I Were a Cowboy
If I were a cowboy...
would you be my cowgirl?
If I were a rock star...
would you be my roadie?
If I were a surfer...
would you be my life guard?
If I were Mickey...
would you be my Minnie?
If I were a race car...
would you be my mechanic?
If I were sleepy...
would you be my pillow?

Japan!
Japan is very beautiful.
Japan has four seasons.
Spring,
summer,
autumn,
and winter.
Some things in Japan are old.
Some things in Japan are new.
Some places in Japan are busy.
Some places in Japan are calm.
Japan has big cities.
Japan has beautiful countryside.
Japan has Mount Fuji.
Japan has Pokemon.
Let's go to Japan!

Connor Loves School
Connor loves doing puzzles,
and reading books,
and playing music,
and riding horses,
and planting seeds,
and swimming,
and eating,
during the week at school!

Beep, Crunch, Slurp!
Beep, beep, beep!
Crunch, crunch, crunch!
Slurp, slurp, slurp!
Brusha, brusha, brusha!
Woof, woof, woof!
Chirp, chirp, chirp!
Meow, meow, meow!
Zoom, zoom, zoom!
Ding, ding, ding!
Choo, choo, choo!
Clip clop! Clip clop!
Drip, drip, drip!
swish, swish!
Splish, splash!
Chatter, chatter!
Achoo!
Ring, ring, ring!
Ka-ching!
Doof!
Thump!
Pow, pow, pow!
Toot, toot, toot!
Boom, boom, bang crash!
Hush!
Zzzz!

School Tools
I use tools at school.
I use pencils.
I use crayons.
I use markers.
I use glue.
I use scissors.
I use paper.
I use books.
I use a computer.
I use tools at school.

It's A Party
We have balloons.
We have hats.
We have cake.
We have candles.
We have clowns.
We have presents.
We have friends.
We have a party!

I Love Frogs!
I love frogs!
Red frogs,
blue frogs,
little frogs,
spotted frogs,
yellow frogs,
and tree frogs.
They like to sit on lily pads.
I have frog stuffed animals.
The live on lily pads.
These are cute frogs.
I love frogs!

Books
BOOKS
There are lots of books.
So many books to read.
I choose a book.
I choose this book.
I love books.

I...
I sleep.
I snore.
I stand.
I swim.
I sing.
I get angry.
I have a sister.

My New School
This is my new school.
Everyone is learning.
I take the bus to school.
I walk down the long hallway at school.
We draw pictures in art.
We draw with crayons.
The boys are funny.
I met a nice girl named Kelly.
We like reading books with a partner.
I like books.
At PE we can play with hula hoops.
It's time for recess.
We use computers at school.
It's time to go home.

Flowers
I like flowers,
especially sunflowers.
White flowers are my favourite.
I have flowers in pots.
I have flowers in my garden.

H h
HAMSTER
HAPPY
HUG
HAIR
HOP
HORSE
HOT
HELICOPTER
HOUSE
HAND

M m
MUM
MONKEY
MUDDY
MILK
MOUTH
MOON
MOUSE
MOTH
MOTORBIKE
MOUNTAIN

R r
ROCKET
RABBIT
RUN
RED
ROBOT
REACH
RHINO
RAIN
ROLL
RIVER

E e
EGGS
ELEPHANT
EAT
EMU
ECHIDNA
EAR
EAGLE
EARTH

On Sunday...
On Sunday it was sunny and hot.
So we went for a swim at the beach.
On Monday it was windy and warm.
So we flew our kites on the beach.
On Tuesday it was cloudy and cool.
So we played soccer in the park.
On Wednesday it was rainy and wet.
So we shared my umbrella.
On Thursday there was a thunder storm.
So we played board games and stayed inside.
On Friday we saw a rainbow.
So we rode our bikes through the puddles
On Saturday it was sunny and hot.
So we went surfing at the beach.

C c
CRICKET
CATERPILLAR
CUDDLE
CAT
CLIMBING FRAME
CAR
COOK
COW
CARROT
CLAP

Horses Are Wonderful
The horse is eating.
The horse is grazing.
The horse is drinking.
The horse is cold.
The horse is looking.
The horse is laughing.
The horse is curious.
The horse is waiting.
The horse is brown and white.
The horse is spotty.
The horses are running free.

Lego Soldiers
These are brave soldiers.
This is an old soldier.
This is a dark soldier.
These are hidden soldiers.
This is a robo soldier.
This is a wounded soldier.
This is the General soldier.
This is the prisoner soldier.
These are the winning soldiers.

My Favourite Cars
Here are my favourite cars!
The Porsche is yellow.
The Audi is wicked.
The Ferrari is smoking.
The Chevy is old.
The Ferrari is red.
The car is silver.
The Mustang is cool.
The car is speeding.
These cars are finished.

D
Dog
Dad
Dinosaur
Dress
Dirty
Dig
Dance

Raining
It is raining today.
I like walking in the rain.
I like to go on a boat when it is raining.
When it rains heavily, it hails.
When it rains, some leaves fall off the trees.
When it rains really bad, it can be cold.
When it rains, the sky is black.

Pink  Floyd
I like Pink Floyd.
Pink Floyd music is awesome.
I like "Another Brick in the Wall."
This is "Dark Side of the Moon."
I listen to Pink Floyd CDs.
I listen to Pink Floyd on my iPod.
I like watching Pink Floyd DVDs.
I like "Dark Side of the Moon."
I like "When Pigs Fly."
Here is a Pink Floyd singer.
Pink Floyd is awesome.
I have lots of DVDs at home.

Making a Mobile
Will you make a mobile using the same shapes,
or using different shapes?
Will you make a mobile using the same colour,
or using different colours?
Will you make a mobile that is big,
or one that is small?
Will you hang your mobile outside,
or inside the house?
What kind of mobile will you make?

Mickey Mouse
Hi! I am Mickey Mouse.
This is my girlfriend, Minnie.
We live at Disney World!
There are lots of toys with my picture on it.
Kids come to visit me all day long.
See you at Disney World!

Home Run!
This is where I play baseball.
This is my baseball team.
This is an old and dirty baseball.
He is out.
It looks like he is doing yoga.
It looks like he is doing karate.
HOME RUN!

First Time at the Movies
We went to the movies!
We bought our tickets.
We bought popcorn.
We found our seats.
Po was the hero of the movie.
Master Shifu was the teacher.
We had a great time.
THE END!

What Can I Do Today?
What can I do today?
I can walk.
What can I do today?
I can walk.
What can I do today?
I can walk.
What can I do today?
I can ride.
What can I do today?
I can jump.
What can I do today?
I can swim.
What can I do today?
I can jump.
What can I do today?
I can eat.
What can I do today?
I can swim.
What can I do today?
I can clean myself.

I Help
I help sweep the floor.
I help by watching the washing go round.
I help by taking the washing out.
I help wash the car.
I help wash my hands.
I help wash my face.
I help wash the dishes.
I help with the cooking.
I help set the table.
I help by jumping on the bed!

I Am....
I am going to the fire.
I am fighting the fire.
I am making everything wet.
I am making concrete.
I am pouring concrete.
I am going to the car accident.
I am at the car accident.
I am in the ambulance.
I am arriving at the hospital.
I am picking up garbage.
I am tipping out the garbage.
I am waiting for the school bus.
I am sitting in the school bus.
I am in the class at school.
I am pulling up at the station.
I am getting on the train.
I am riding in a train.

Community Helpers
I am a firefighter.
I am a police officer.
I am a hairdresser.
I am a baker.
I am a chef.
I am a teacher.
I am a postman.

It's a Dog's Life.
I like resting.
I like running.
I like playing in the snow.
I like having a cuddle.
I like going for a walk.
I like being petted.
I like having a bath.
I like wearing my new coat.
I like sleeping.
I like drinking.
I can see better now.
I like standing tall.
OH No!!!

My Things
This is my house.
This is my bed.
This is my ball.
This is my hat.
This is my book.
This is my cup.
This is my hamburger.
This is my soda.
This is my banana.
This is my pizza.
This is my cupcake.

I Wear...
I wear a jumper if it is cold.
I wear a jumper and hat if it is cold.
I wear a furry hat if it is cold.
I wear a scarf and glasses if it is cold.
I wear a hat if it is sunny.
I wear jeans if it is sunny.
I wear jeans if I am walking.
I wear a cool shirt if it is sunny.
I wear sneakers if I am jogging.
I wear thongs if it is sunny.
I wear these cool shoes just for fun.

I Like Games.
I like games.
I like this because he looks like Luke.
I like this because it looks like a painting.
I like this because it looks scary.
I like this because he has two guns.
I like this because it has lots of men.
I like this because it looks like a fun game to play.
I like this because I like hot wheels.
I like this because it looks fun.
I like this because it looks like a movie.
I like this because I like to play hopscotch.
I like this because I like to play with marbles.
I like this because it is funny.
I like this because they are having a race.
I like this because I like soccer.

2008 Olympics
Hello Jing Jing.
Flag of China.
Support your team.
Flag of the Olympics.
Swimming Splash Splash.
Basketball Jump Jump Jump.
Horse Riding Get ready to jump.
Javelin.
Running Ready Set Go!
Running Go Go Go.
Put on your shoes.
Hurdles Jump Jump Jump.

Sports Keep You Healthy
Sports keep you healthy.
Basketball keeps you healthy.
Baseball keeps you healthy.
Running keeps you healthy.
Yoga keeps you healthy.
Weightlifting keeps you healthy.
Tennis keeps you healthy.
Soccer keeps you healthy.
Surfing keeps you healthy.
Football keeps you healthy.
Biking keeps you healthy.
What do you like to play?

Possums
I found a possum.
This possum has a baby on its back.
I am feeding a possum at my house.
My possum plays with the rubbish.
My possum likes playing.
My possum is sitting on the fence.
My possum likes eating fruit.
My possum likes eating lots of fruit.
My possum is cute.

My Grandpa
This is my grandpa. He gives me hugs.
This is my grandpa. He reads to me.
This is my grandpa. He cooks for me.
This is my grandpa. He pushes me.

Snowboarding is Cool!
This is where I snowboard.
Which snowboard should I choose?
I am about to go up on the mountain.
I am going up to the top!
I can jump very high.
I snowboard until night.
Snowboarding wears me out.

Dirt Bikes Rock!
This is me.
This is what I do for fun.
I jump high.
It looks like I am flying.
I ride in the dirt.
I can do tricks.
Dirt Bikes rock!

Polar Bears Are Silly!
Polar bears laugh.
Polar bears blow bubbles.
Polar bears yawn.
Polar bears play fetch.
Polar bears stick their heads in buckets.
Polar bears are silly, just like me!

Flowers in the Garden
There are flowers in the garden.
Yellow flowers,
orange flowers,
tall flowers,
and short flowers.
Some flowers are red.
Some flowers are blue.
This flower is pink.
This flower is purple.
There are big flowers,
and small flowers.
There is a green flower
and a white flower.
This is a striped flower.
This is a spiky flower.
This flower is fluffy.
Lots of different flowers grow in the garden.

Surprise Party
Shhh!
Can you keep a secret?
Don't tell.
Guess who is having a birthday?
SMS the invitations.
Invite all our friends.
Ruby is doing the cooking.
Kerry, Lou, and Zarah can blow up the balloons.
The boys can decorate.
Quick, hide!
Lights out!
Surprise!
Happy Birthday!
Happy surprise birthday!

I Want to Be Active
I want to run.
I want to ride a scooter.
I want to paddle a canoe.
I want to ride a skateboard.
I want to ride a bike.
I want to swing.
I want to jump.
I want to throw a ball.
I want to swim.
I want to go for a walk.

Water and Stuff
Someone is jumping into the water.
Someone has jumped off the diving board.
The girl is swimming.
The dog is jumping over the pool.
The man has just dived into the water.
This person is floating on the water.

Going West
We are on the river.
We are getting logs.
We are getting mules.
We are getting wheat.
We are on the wagon.
We are stacking wheat.
We are on the prairie.
We are carting wheat.
We are dead.

Pioneers
wagons
different clothes
log homes
families
church and school
school
in town
in tents
dancing

Cahir Likes
Cahir likes frogs.
Cahir likes cows.
Cahir likes lions.
Cahir likes monkeys.
Cahir likes dogs.
Cahir likes ducks.
Cahir likes horses.
Cahir likes cats.

In the Summer
In the summer, I like to have fun.
In the summer, I like to take off my shoes.
In the summer, I like to swim.
In the summer, I like to go to the beach.
In the summer, the flowers are pretty.
In the summer, the bugs bite.
In the summer, I like to eat ice cream.
In the summer, I like to surf.
In the summer, I like to nap.
In the summer, I like to read.
In the summer, I like to eat watermelon.
In the summer, I like to go barefoot.
In the summer, I like to ride my bike.
What do you like to do in the summer?

Motorcycles
Motorcycles are fun to ride.
Motorcycles can be dangerous.
Some motorcycles are blue.
Motorcycles can race.
Motorcycles can go fast.
Some motorcycles are funny.
Some motorcycles are purple.
Some motorcycles are red.
People like to ride motorcycles.

I Like Fruit
I like all kinds of fruit.
I like red strawberries.
I like yellow bananas.
I like red apples.
I like green and red grapes.
I like red cherries.
I like green kiwi.
I like red watermelon.
I like yellow lemons.
I like green apples.
I like orange oranges.
I like blue blueberries.
I like fruit.

Hannah Montana
Hannah Montana is cool!
Hannah Montana has a dog named Roadie.
Hannah Montana has great friends.
Hannah Montana can sing with friends.
Hannah Montana can dance with friends.
Hannah Montana can be my friend.
Hannah Montana can play the keyboard.
I like Hannah Montana guitars.
I like Hannah Montana posters.
I like the Hannah Montana 3-D movie!
Hannah Montana is fun!

Animals
This is a cow.
This is a dog.
This is a peacock.
This is a lion.
This is a bird.
This is a deer.
This is a cat.
This is a lamb.
This is a whale.
This is a snake.
This is a monkey.
This is a horse.
This is a tiger.
This is a giraffe.
This is a wombat.
This is a hippopotamus.
This is a lizard.
This is a polar bear.
This is a frog.

Swimming
I like getting ready for swimming.
I like getting in the pool.
I like swimming in the pool.
I like going under the water.
I like getting toys from the bottom.
I like splashing.
I like jumping in the pool.
I like blowing bubbles.
I like swimming.

Feelings
I am happy!
I am sad!
I am scared!
I am angry!
I am excited!
I am loved!

My Trip to the Zoo.
I saw a koala.
I saw a kangaroo.
I saw an emu.
I saw a wombat.
I saw a kookaburra.
I saw a dingo.
I saw an echidna.

I Can...
I can clap.
I can sing.
I can dance.
I can jump.
I can hear.
I can leap.
I can laugh.
I can kick.
What can you do?

A Day in the Sun
I put on bathers.
I put on sun cream.
I put on a tee shirt.
I put on a hat.
I put on sandals.
I put on sunglasses.
I put on a smile.

I Like...
I like water.
I like dolphins.
I like whales.
I like crabs.
I like fish.
I like seals.
What do you like?

Cowboys
Cowboys
Cowboys have horses.
Cowboys have boots.
Cowboys have cows.
Cowboys have fun.
Cowboys have hats.
Cowboys have guns.
Cowboys have wagons.

Roley Loves the Footy.
Roley loves footy
Roley loves the Adelaide Crows!
Roley's love for Adelaide is almost classical.
Roley has a manly affection for The Roo,
and The Truck,
and The Porpoise!
Roley thinks footy is fun.
Roley loves going to the footy!
Roley lives close to the ground.
Roley has a strong personal dislike of the Power.

Cats
Cats climbing.
Cats cuddling.
Cats looking.
Cats dancing.
Cats playing.
Cats sleeping.
Cats hiding.
Cats being naughty.

My Favourite Insects.
I like butterflies.
I like spiders.
I like flies.
I like caterpillars.
I like grasshoppers.
I like snails.
I like ladybugs.
Do you like insects?

I Watch T.V.
I watch T.V.
I watch Blue's Clues.
I watch Mr. Rogers.
I watch Barney.
I watch Bob the Builder.
I watch Sesame Street.
I watch Thomas the Tank Engine.
What do you watch on T.V.?

I Love Mr. Rogers!
I love Mr. Rogers!
I want to watch Mr. Rogers every day.
Mr. Rogers wears a red sweater.
Mr. Rogers wears blue shoes.
Mr. Rogers has a neighborhood of make believe.
The trolley is there.
Lady Elaine is there.
Do you love Mr. Rogers?

Birds
Bird on a house,
bird on the sea.
Bird in the sky,
bird in a tree.
Fly to the house,
fly to the sea.
Fly in the sky,
fly to me.

I Love School
I love school.
School makes me happy.
I have friends at school.
I paint at school.
I read at school.
I swing at school.
I eat at school.
I do math at school.
I learn lots of things at school.
Best of all, I have surprises at school.
I love school. Do you?

Dogs on the Town
Dog on a swing
Dogs in the water
Dog in the grass
Dog on the floor
Dogs in the snow
Dog on the sand
Dogs in the car
Dogs in the bathtub
Dog on the bed...  Good night, dog.

Go Nuts!
I am a squirrel.
I like nuts.
Cashews grow on trees.
Horse chestnuts have spiky covers.
Almonds have a fuzzy coat.
I like to eat all kinds of nuts.
Plain nuts are crunchy.
Take the shells off first!
You can make dessert with nuts.
Sprinkle chopped nuts on a sundae.
Add nuts to your favorite cookie recipe.
Baklava is made with walnuts and honey.
You can add nuts to other foods, too.
Satay peanut sauce is delicious.
Almonds are great in stir fry.
Good night.  Go nuts!

Cats
Baby cats are kittens.
Cats have teeth.
Cats can jump.
Some cats like music.
Some cats like the computer.
Some cats fight.
Some cats are fluffy.
This is a big cat!

How We Get to School
How do we get to school?
My teacher drives a blue car to school.
Some of us ride in a white bus to school.
Some of us ride in a S.U.V. to school.
Some of us ride in a yellow bus to school.
Some of us ride a bike to school.
Some of us walk to school.
Everyone gets to school.
How do you get to school?

What Will School Be Like?
I am going to school today.
I am all ready.
What will school be like?
Will school be scary?
Will school be safe?
Will school be serious?
Will school be funny?
Will school be lazy?
Will school be busy?
Will school be boring?
Will school be fun?
I think school will be great!
What do YOU think school will be like?

What Should I Eat?
Should I eat a frog?
Yuck, I say, yuck!
Should I eat hay?
Yuck, I say, yuck!
Should I eat grass?
Yuck, I say, yuck!
Should I eat an orange peel?
Yuck, I say, yuck!
Should I eat mud?
Yuck, I say, yuck!
What should I eat?
I have it!  A banana split.  Yum!

I Like Movies
I like movies.
I like the Hulk.
I like Hellboy.
I like Batman.
I like Ironman.
I like Kung Fu Panda.
I like Superman.
I like Captain America.
I like Greenlantern.
I like Yoda.
I like Halo.
I like Xmen.
The End

Tiger Woods Can be a Friend
Tiger Woods can play golf.
I can play golf.
Tiger Woods can swing.
I can swing.
Tiger Woods can hit the ball.
I can hit the ball.
Tiger Woods can go on the golf course.
I can go on the golf course.
Tiger Woods can win.
I can win.
Tiger Woods can golf with a club.
I can golf with a Wii.
Tiger Woods and I can be friends.
The End

I Play
I play on the computer.
That is fun.
I play a game.
That is fun.
I play cars.
That is fun.
I play with bubbles.
That is fun.
I play baseball.
That is really fun!

Things I Eat
Things I Eat.
I eat apples. 
Oh, yummy!
I eat pizza. 
Oh, yummy!
I eat ice cream. Oh, yummy!
I eat rocks? 
No, yucky!
I eat salad.
Oh, yummy!
I eat grapes. 
Oh, yummy!
I eat cereal.
Oh, yummy!
I eat shoes?
No, yucky!
What do you eat?

Transport Timeline
People used to have to walk.
This is an airplane.
This is a steam train.
This is a horse and cart.
This is a helicopter.
This is a blue car.
This is a carriage.
This is a hot air balloon.
This is an old car.
This is a train.
This is a horse.
This is a blimp.
This is a sailing ship.
This is a canoe.
This is a horse.

Birdwatching
Look there!
The woodpecker is pecking.
The raven is flying.
The mallard duck is on the dock.
The kingfisher is so colorful.
A blue heron is really blue.
An oriole is easy to spot.
The hawk is soaring.
A swan has a long neck.
A flamingo has a very long neck.
The toucan has a short neck but a long beak.
This owl has a small beak and orange eyes.
The emu is a bird, but it does not fly.
A penguin does not fly, but it does swim.
The sandpiper is searching for food.
The pelican is landing.

Making Pancakes
Making Pancakes
Can I have a bowl?
Can I have a spoon?
Can I have the flour?
Can I have the milk?
Can I have an egg?
Can I mix?
Mix,  mix,  mix!
Cook, cook, cook!
I can make pancakes!  Yum!

Big and small
This cow is big.
This cow is small.
This bubble is big.
This bubble is big.
These bubbles are small.
This ball is big.
This ball is small.
This car is big.
This car is small.
This hat is big.
This hat is small.
Some things are big and some are small.

Here Comes the Bride
Is this a wedding invitation?
Here comes the bride!
All dressed in white.
This bride is dressed in red.
This bride has pink flowers.
This bride has orange flowers.
This bride has purple flowers.
This bride is wearing gold jewelry.
This bride is wearing a special hood.
This bride is wearing a veil.
This bride is wearing a tiara.
This bride is at the beach.
This is a bride and groom from long ago.
And a silly bride and groom,
and another silly bride and groom!
Remember to have a piece of cake!

I Love Baseball
I love baseball.
I like the diving in baseball.
I like the sliding in baseball.
I like the falling in baseball.
I like the jumping in baseball.

People Who Help Us
I am a fireman.
I am a policeman.
I am a doctor.
I am a nurse.
I am an ambulance officer.
I am a hairdresser.
I am a teacher.
I am a postman.
I am a shopkeeper.
We all help.

Recycle
Recycling
We have a lot of trash and lots of it can be recycled.
Recycling is taking trash and using it again.
We can recycle cans.
We can recycle glass bottles.
We can recycle plastic.
We can recycle paper.
Cans can help make more metal.
Glass bottles help make windows.
Recycled paper makes more paper.
Recycled plastic can make new bottles without using oil.
By recycling we can use less things that are natural.

Meet Violet
Violet is another name for the color purple.
There are purple flowers called violets.
The mountains look violet at sunset.
The sky can be violet, too.
I like to wear violet clothes.
Come to my violet house.
We can eat purple grapes.
We can watch butterflies land on lilacs.
We can pick lavenders in the garden.
We can pick eggplants in the garden.
We can eat violet cupcakes.
THE END

My Senses
My Senses
These are my senses.
I have one eye...
...two eyes.
How many eyes do you have?
I see you with my eyes.

Can you see me?
I have one nose.
I can smell grass with my nose.

Can you smell with your nose?
What can you smell?
I have one ear...
...two ears.
How many ears do you have?
I hear noise with my ears.

What do you hear?
I have one tongue.
I taste an apple with my tongue.

What can you taste?
I have one hand...
...two hands.
How many hands do you have?
I touch a beetle with my hand.

What can you touch?
I have five senses.

How many senses do you have?
The end.

My W Book
W is for window.
W is for winter.
W is for web.
W is for wind.
W is for windmill.
W is for wallaby.
W is for wings.
W is for water.
W is for waterfall.
W is for wet.

My J Book
J is for jar.
J is for jellybeans.
J is for jam.
J is for jug.
J is for jeans.
J is for jewels.
J is for jet.
J is for jungle.
J is for jeep.
J is for jaguar.

My R Book
R is for rabbit.
R is for rat.
R is for rhino.
R is for rock.
R is for river.
R is for raft.
R is for rain.
R is for rainbow.
R is for raspberry.
R!

My B Book
B is for ball.
B is for bat.
B is for bear.
B is for bridge.
B is for bird.
B is for boat.
B is for boy.
B is for bag.
B is for bubble.
B is for balloon.

A is for ...
A is for arrow.
A is for apple.
A is for ant.
A is for angel.
A is for antelope.
A is for alphabet.
A is for ankle.
A is for athlete.
A is for ape.
A is for Antarctica.

Dragons are Cool
Dragons are cool.
Cool!
Dragons are hot.
Hot!
Dragons are small.
Small!
Dragons are big.
Big!
Dragons are cool.
Cool!
Cool!

Monkeys
Monkeys
Monkeys sleep.
Monkeys sit.
Monkeys look.
Monkeys snuggle.
Monkeys hide.
Monkeys wave.
Monkeys laugh.
Monkeys clean.
Monkeys eat.
Monkeys climb.
Monkeys play.
Monkeys swim.
Monkeys run.
Monkeys swing.
Monkeys have fun!

I Love My Dog
My dog is the best.
My dog is my best friend.
My dog likes the swing.
My dog likes bones.
My dog does not like cats.
Sometimes, my dog fights.
Sometimes my dog is gentle.
My dog misses me when I go.
My dog loves when I come home.
My dog is smart.
My dog can jump.
My dog likes to cuddle.
I love my dog. My dog loves me.

Where is Dora?
Where is Dora? There she is on the shirt!
Where is Dora? There she is on television!
Where is Dora?
There she is on the hat!
Where is Dora?
There she is on the plate!
Where is Dora?
There she is on the computer!
Where is Dora?
There she is on the boots!
Where is Dora?
There she is on the book!
Where is Dora?
There she is on the cake!
Where is Dora?
There she is on the balloon!
Where is Dora?
There she is on the chair!

Sing!
Sing with others...
or sing alone.
Sing outdoors...
or sing indoors.
Sing with a microphone...
or sing with a guitar...
...or sing with a microphone and a guitar.
Sing all dressed up...
...or sing in your jeans.
Sing at night...
or sing in the daytime.
But sing....
sing...
sing!

The All Blacks
Here are the All Blacks.
Here is the All Blacks logo.
Here is Tana Umanga.
Here is a man who supports the All Blacks.
Here is a rugby ball.
Here are the All Blacks doing the haka.
Here is an All Black hat.
Here are some girls who support the All Blacks.
Here is an All Black Kiwi.
Here are the All Blacks with a trophy.
Here are the All Blacks playing England.
Here are the All Blacks playing Australia.
Here is Richie McCaw.
Here is Dan Carter kicking the ball.
Here is Tana Umanga at training.
Here is an All Black scoring a try.
The All Blacks are a great team.

Reading
I read on the couch.
I read at the station.
I read on the floor.
I read in my room.
I read at the beach.
I read in a bookshop.
I read on the toilet.
I read on the train.
I read in a boat.
I read in bed.
What will I read now?

Dogs
There are many kinds of dogs.
Big dogs,
little dogs,
nice dogs,
mean dogs,
brown dogs,
and white dogs.
There are many different kinds of dogs.

Food
Let's make cakes.
Let's make donuts.
Let's make soup.
Let's make noodles.
Let's make rice.
Let's eat!!!

Playing with Words
Hot
Dog
Hot dog
Cup
Cake
Cupcake
Foot
Ball
Football
Cow
Boy
Cowboy
Rain
Bow
Rainbow
Tooth
Brush
Toothbrush
Door
Bell
Doorbell

Babies
Babies
Baby is crying.
Baby is sleeping.
Baby is splashing.
Baby is drinking.
Baby is eating.
Baby is reading.
Baby is in a hat.
Baby is in a hammock.
Baby is in a tunnel.
Baby is on a sand castle.
What's this baby doing?

School Bus
Watch for the school bus!
It might be stuck in traffic.
It might be getting wet.
It might be in a parking lot.
It might be in the city.
It might be in the snow.
Here comes the school bus.
I like to ride the school bus.
The driver says good morning.
Maybe she will take us to the museum.
Maybe she will take us to a baseball game.
No, I think we will just go to school instead.

Let's Climb!
Oh no! Don't look down!
Climb a rock.
Climb a clock.
Climb in snow.
Climb a mountain.
Climb stairs.
Wear harnesses when climbing high.
Do dogs like climbing?
Cats like climbing.
Squirrels like climbing.
Pandas like climbing.
Bears like climbing.
Children like climbing, too!
Some people like climbing indoors.
Some plants like climbing.
You can't really climb clouds!
It's fun to climb!

Whiskers
Whiskers on the cat
Whiskers on the dog
Whiskers on the cow
Whiskers on the bird
Whiskers on the squirrel
Whiskers on the tiger
Whiskers on the  hippo
Whiskers on the cheetah
Whiskers on Dad... Oh yuck!

Mail
What's in my mailbox today?
Air mail from friends in other countries.
What's in your mailbox today?
A holiday card!
What's in his mailbox?
Wow, he has a lot of mail.
What's in her mailbox today?
She has a package. What could be inside?
What's in their mailboxes today?
One letter from Hong Kong.
Let's write a letter back to our friends.
Choose an envelope.
Be sure to put a stamp in the corner.
Send your letter at the post office.

I Spy....
Can you play, "I spy with my little eye?"
I spy with my little eye something that begins with b.
It is books!
I spy with my little eye something that begins with p.
It's a pillow!
I spy with my little eye something that begins with s.
It is strawberries!
I spy with my little eye something that begins with f.
It's a flower!
I spy with my little eye something that begins with l.
It is leaves!
I spy with my little eye something that begins with d.
It's a door!
I spy with my little eye something that begins with....
huh... ummm... alphabet soup???

Spiral Story
I met a strange man.
I followed him down a spiral staircase.
I found myself in a strange land.
I saw spirals everywhere.
Spirals on the gates,
spiral petals on flowers,
and spiky spiral plants.
The seashells made spirals, too.
Through a telescope, I saw a spiral galaxy.
I followed a spiral path.
I went back up the spiral staircase.
Now I see spirals around me, everywhere.

Hot things
Hot things.
Coffee is hot.
Fire is hot.
A match is hot.
A shower is hot.
A desert is hot.
A gas flame is hot.
A volcano is hot.
A bath is hot.
Hot water is hot.
A candle is hot.
A heater is hot.
A barbecue is hot.
The sun is hot.
Summer is hot.
Danger. Don't touch.

Story Telling
I can...
I can tell a story with my art.
I can tell a story with colour.
I can tell a story on rocks.
I can tell a story in a gallery.
I can tell a story through music.
I can tell a story on my instrument.
I can tell a story to my friends.

Australian Animals
Kangaroo likes to eat grass and leaves.
Blue Tongue Lizard sits in the sun.
Cockatoo likes seeds.
Kookaburra is very noisy.
Dingo is shy hiding behind the tree.
Crocodile warms up in the sun.
Koala sleeps in the tree.
Echidna looks for food.

My Dog!
My Dog likes bones!
My Dog is bad!
My Dog sleeps!
My Dog likes balls!
But, most of all...
I love my dog!

Everyone Loves Teddies
Teddies in the garden,
Teddies in the snow.
Teddies on a park bench,
Teddies on the go!
Teddy on a cupcake,
Teddies hanging 'round.
There's almost nowhere in the world...
that teddies can't be found!
Here's a teddy on my foot,
and here's one on the beach.
And what about this next one...
Do you think he'll reach?
Teddies love to travel.
This one's phoning home.
Teddies make good pillows too,
much better than a bone!
Teddies can be very old,
or some can be brand new.
Teddies love to play outside,
It's lucky kids do too!
Everyone loves teddies...
Do you?

Statues
Do you ever look at the faces of statues?
This statue looks curious.
This statue looks thoughtful.
These statues look cold!
This statue looks strong.
This statue looks tired.
This statue looks peaceful.
This statue looks scary.
This statue looks hopeful.
This statue looks wet.
This statue looks happy.
Are you looking at ME?

Things I like
This is a place I like.
What is this place?
This is something I like to eat.
What food is this?
These are animals I like.
What animals are they?
This is something I like to do.
What is it they are doing?
What things do you like?

Bikes
I can see the blue bike.
I can see bikes flying.
I can see another bike flying.
I can see the bike falling.
I can see the bike on a stand.
I can see the racing bike.
I can see the bike with the  headlight.
I can see the rider falling off the bike.
I can see lots of bikes.
I can see the bike landing.
I can see the bike standing up.

My Wish
I wish I didn't have to brush my teeth.
I wish I didn't have to brush my hair.
I wish I didn't have to go to school.
I wish I didn't have to eat vegetables.
I wish I didn't have homework.
But, I wish I had a puppy!

The weekend
What did you do on the weekend?
I colored my hair.
I went shopping.
I watched TV.
I played a game.
I danced to my favorite music.
I read a magazine.
I listened to my favorite music.
I surfed the net.
Let's get together next weekend.

Faces
many faces
curious faces
happy faces
clown faces
scary faces
old faces
young faces
friends' faces
silly faces
serious faces
What faces  do you make?

A Trip to the Aquarium
We saw a starfish.
We saw a lion fish.
We saw a seahorse.
We saw a happy frog.
We saw a turtle.
We saw a clown fish.
We saw schools of fish.
Do you go to school?

I wanted....
I wanted a train.
I got a train.
I wanted a teddy.
I got a teddy.
I wanted a cuddle.
I got a cuddle.
I wanted a bottle.
I got a bottle.
I wanted ice cream.
I got ice cream.
I wanted a cat.
I got a cat.
I am SO lucky.

Eyes
girl's eyes
boy's eyes
baby's eyes
frog's eyes
cat's eyes
owl's eyes
insect's eyes
dog's eyes
sad eyes
happy eyes
old eyes
young eyes
narrow eyes
wide eyes
scared eyes
very scared eyes
Too many eyes

ROUND  THINGS
ROUND THINGS
What is round? A cookie is round.
What is round? A tire is round.
What is round? A pumpkin is round.
What is round? An apple is round.
What is round? A donut is round.
What is round? A ball is round.
What do you see that is round?

Sitting
SITTING
Where can you sit?  I can sit on a sofa.
Where can you sit?  I can sit on a bench.
Where can you sit?  I can sit on the ground.
Where can you sit?  I can sit in a tree.
Where can you sit?  I can sit on the floor.
Where can you sit?

Hi! My Name Is...
What is your name?
Name tags help us remember each other by name.
My name is Carlos.
My name is Marc.
My name is Lexi.
My name is Gary.
My name is Henry.
My name is Lane.
I have too many name tags!
My name is Jessa.
My name is Caleb.
My name is Bunny.
My name is Toine.
What is your name?

Gehry
Architects design buildings.
They make models to show their ideas.
They draw pictures to show their designs.
Frank Gehry designs unusual buildings.
His buildings have wrinkles and folds.
His buildings have curves.
His buildings are shiny.
This building is called "The Dancing House."
This building is at a university.
This building is a museum.
Would you like to visit a building designed by Frank Gehry?

The Fourth of July
The Fourth of July
On the Fourth of July we have a picnic.
We have hamburgers,
hotdogs,
potato salad,
and watermelon.
When it gets dark, we watch the fireworks.
Cover-
-your-
-ears!
Red!
White!
and BOOM!

Mad for Plaid
You can wear plaid.
Plaid comes in many colors.
Red plaid shirt
Blue plaid shirt
A little plaid dress
A plaid skirt (and a tuba!)
Plaid uniforms
A red plaid shoe
Green plaid pants
Pink plaid boots
Plaid cap
Plaid shorts
Even a car can wear plaid.
Have fun in your plaid!

That's Loud
Turn the volume up loud.
A trumpet- that's loud.
A guitar- that's loud.
A scream- that's loud.
Ouch! That's a loud wall!
A speaker- that's loud.
An aeroplane- that's loud.
A loud hailer- that's loud!
A goose- that's loud.
A rooster- that's loud.
Fireworks- that's loud.
Snoring- that's really loud!
No way!  That's too loud!

What's Mad?
Decks are mad.
Flips are mad.
Air is mad.
Jumping is mad.
180s are mad.
Pipes are mad.
Wheels are mad.
Standing is mad.
Wall rides are mad.
Volcom is mad.
Flying is mad.
Pole jamming is mad.
What's mad?
Skating is mad.

Say Cheese!
Try all kinds of cheese!
Shred cheddar cheese onto your chili.
Grate parmesan cheese onto your pasta.
Shred mozzarella cheese onto your pizza.
Melt blue cheese onto your burger.
Crumble feta cheese into your sandwich.
Dip bread into gooey gruyere cheese.
Slice havarti cheese for your crackers.
Spoon cottage cheese into your bowl of fruit.
Sandwich brie cheese in your bread.
Spread cream cheese on your toast.
Enjoy cheesecake for dessert.

W H E E L S
WHEELS
A car has 4 wheels.
A bicycle has 2 wheels.
A motorcycle has 2 wheels.
A unicycle has 1 wheel.
A bus has 4 wheels.
A trike has 3 wheels.
What else has wheels?

Tour de France
The Tour de France is a cycling race.
Cyclists ride their bicycles all around France.
Cyclists race through the cities.
Cyclists race through the towns.
Cyclists race through the countryside.
They cycle up hills.
They cycle up  mountains.
They cycle down winding roads.
They cycle around corners.
Cyclists race together in a group called a peloton.
Crowds cheer the cyclists on.
The race finishes in Paris at Champ- Elysees.

All Over the Map
Maps are special pictures of places.
A map of trains
A map of streets
A map of Australia
Study a map.
Find a place on a map.
If you get lost, look for "you are here."
Ask a friend for help with your map.
Fold a map.
Draw your own map.
Where on Earth are YOU?
You are here.

A Mystery in the Garden
We planted a big garden.
We put in tomato plants.
We planted potatoes,
and carrots,
and peas.
We planted lettuce, too.
One day, I looked in the garden.
Something was eating the vegetables.
I was so mad!!
What was it?
Can you guess?
Yes, it was a rabbit!
"No rabbits," I yelled.
"Run away fast!"
"Leave this garden alone!"
The end.

Red, White, and Blue
Red, White, and Blue
Red stripes
Red sky
Red strawberry
Red jam
White marshmallows
White clouds
White frosting
White milk
Blue water
Blue sky
Blueberries
Blue jeans
Red, white, and blue for me.
The end.

Pancakes
We love pancakes.
We love pancakes for breakfast
We love pancakes for morning tea.
We love pancakes for lunch.
We love pancakes for afternoon tea.
We love pancakes for dinner.
We love pancakes for dessert.
We're full!!!

Polar Bears
Polar Bears
Polar bears swim.
Polar bears walk.
Polar bears lie in the snow.
Polar bears fight.
Polar bears sleep.
Polar bears blow bubbles.
Polar bears float.
Polar bears have paws.
Polar bears are cute.

My Puppy
My puppy can hide.
My puppy can play.
My puppy can run.
My puppy can jump.
My puppy can sing.
My puppy can sit.
My puppy can yawn.
My puppy is asleep.

Horses
Horses can laugh.
Horses can drink.
Horses can run.
Horses can stand still.
Horses can dance.
Horses can kiss.
But look out!
Because horses can kick.

Bubbles Everywhere
Bubbles
Bubbles are fun.
Bubbles to blow.
Bubbles to catch.
Bubbles in glass.
Bubbles to chase.
Bubbles up there.
Bubbles in the sea.
Bubbles on my toes.
Bubbles in the bath.
Bubbles... everywhere!

Some Girls
Some girls...
...love tutus.
Some girls love to dance.
Some girls love shoes.
Some girls love cupcakes.
Some girls love flowers.
Some girls love fairy floss.
But I love my teddy bear.

Big and Small
Big and small
Fish can be big.
Fish can be small.
Dogs can be big.
Dogs can be small.
Houses can be big.
Houses can be small.
Planes can be big.
Planes can be small.
People can be big.
People can be small.
People can be any size at all.

Don't Pick Your Nose
Pick a nose, any nose.
A happy dog nose.
A great big horse nose.
A slurpy cat nose.
A smiley clown nose.
A thoughtful gorilla nose.
A cross-eyed frog nose.
Just don't pick your nose!

Dogs
Dogs
Dogs have tails.
Dogs have eyes.
Dogs have noses.
I love dogs.
Dogs like to walk.
Dogs like to eat.
Dogs love to play.
I love dogs.
Some dogs are small.
Some dogs are hairy.
I like them all.
I love dogs.

I Live For Music
Music is cool.
I like listening to music.
I like playing music.
I like walking to music.
People play the guitar.
People play the piano.
People play electronic music.
Sometimes I cover my ears.
I work hard so I can listen to music.
I have my own ear phones.
Everyone likes music.

Dangerous Weather
My name is Sadiq. I like the weather.
These are white clouds.
This is a storm and lightning!
This is a sunny day.
This is a tornado.  They are scary.
After a tornado there is a flood.
Tornados can be red.
Tornados can be silver.
The weather can be dangerous!
Don't go outside, it's dangerous out there!

Visit to Brisbane
I went to Brisbane.
I went to St.John's cathedral.
I went to Southbank.
I went on the ferry.
I went to the Botanic Gardens.
I went to Tangalooma.
I went to an art gallery.
I had a great time!

Lucky Queensland
Lucky Queensland
Queensland has beautiful beaches.
Queensland has beautiful cities.
Queensland has beautiful birds.
Queensland has beautiful plants.
Queensland has beautiful animals.
Queensland has beautiful rain forests.
But Queensland is not very good at football.
However, sometimes they get lucky.
But only when New South Wales lets them win!

Beautiful Queensland
Beautiful Queensland
Queensland is beautiful.
It has beautiful beaches.
Queensland is beautiful.
It has beautiful trees.
Queensland is beautiful.
It has beautiful butterflies.
Queensland is beautiful.
It has beautiful reefs.
Queensland is beautiful.
It has beautiful fish.
Queensland is beautiful.
It has beautiful flowers.
Queensland is beautiful.
But it has ugly animals.

Boats
There are many kinds of boats.
There are small boats,
and there are
big boats.
There are boats powered by wind,
and boats powered by gasoline.
There are old boats,
and there are new boats.
There are tall boats,
and there are short boats.
There are many different types of boats.

Kinds of Music
There are different kinds of music.
There is
rock and roll.
There is pop.
There is rap.
There is classical.
There is jazz.
There is blues.
There is also country.
There are different kinds of music and all of them are great... except country!

Dancing
Many people like to dance.
There are a lot of different ways to dance.
Of course, there is ballet.
There is also the tango.
There is caporia which is a dance with fighting mixed together.
Some  kinds of dances are cultural.
Even cats can dance.
Some people even dance with fire.
Don't try it at home!
Hula dance is a Hawaiian dance.
Some people like to tap dance.
There are different kinds of dancing around the world.

Fruits of Different Kinds
Lets look at the different kinds of fruits.
Strawberries are very good with chocolate.
Lemons are used to make lemonade.
Oranges are full of vitamin C.
You have to peel bananas
to eat them.
Cherries are always good on top of ice cream.
Grapes are used to make wine.
Watermelon is great on a summer's day.
Apples are great in apple pie.
Don't leave fruit out too long or it will go bad.

Athletes
Athletes.
Athletes are strong.
Athletes are fast.
Athletes are female.
Athletes are male.
Athletes are fit.
Athletes are famous.
Athletes are brave.
Athletes are flexible.
Are you an athlete?

A Day at the Olympics.
A day at the Olympics.
I saw the Olympic torch.
I saw the Olympic rings.
I saw the athletes.
I saw the events.
I saw the closing ceremony.
I saw the fireworks.
What did you see?

Are You an Athlete?
Are you an athlete?
A runner is an athlete.
A swimmer is an athlete.
A diver is an athlete.
A gymnast is an athlete.
A basketball player is an athlete.
A cyclist is an athlete.
Are you an athlete?

Dresses
My dress is white.
My dress is red.
My dress is green.
My dress is yellow.
My dress is long.
My dress is short.
My dress is for dancing.
This is my favourite dress.

Dogs Can...
Dogs can sit.
Dogs can run.
Dogs can play.
Dogs can walk.
Dogs can catch.
Dogs can swing.
Dogs can look.
Dogs can smile.
Dogs can eat.
Dogs can dribble.
Dogs can hide.
Dogs can swim.
Dogs can sleep.
Dogs can ride bikes!

My Ss Book
My Ss Book
Ss is for snake.
Ss is for socks.
Ss is for snow.
Ss is for soup.
Ss is for sunflower.
Ss is for sea.
Ss is for sailing boat.
Ss is for singing.
Ss is for seal.

Bb is for ...
My Bb Book
Bb is for basketball.
Bb is for bird.
Bb is for bat.
Bb is for book.
Bb is for bridge.
Bb is  for buttons.
Bb is for bedroom.
Bb is for banana.
Bb is for bear.
Bb is for balloons.
Bb is for baby.
Bb is for bounce.
Bb is for bee.

Rainy Days
Rainy Days
On rainy days, the sky is grey.
On rainy days, the clouds are grey.
On rainy days, we use an umbrella.
On rainy days, there are puddles.
On rainy days, the flowers catch raindrops.
On rainy days, my world is wet.
On rainy days, I wear gumboots.
But sometimes on rainy days, I just like to get wet.

Koalas
Koalas have fur.
Koalas have teeth.
Koalas have claws.
Koalas can climb.
Koalas can scratch.
Koalas can sleep.
Koalas have babies.
Koalas have ears.
Koalas have eyes.
Koalas can eat.
Koalas can walk.
Koalas can cuddle.
I like koalas.

YUM  YUM!!
Yum  Yum!!
I like pizza.
Yum Yum!!
I like ice cream.
Yum Yum!!
I like skittles. 
Yum Yum!!
I like chips.
Yum Yum!!
I like grapes. Yum Yum!!
I like peanuts. Yum Yum !!
What do you like to eat?

I   LIKE   BALLS
What can you do with balls?
I like to catch a baseball.
I like to kick a soccer ball.
I like to hold a football.
I like to bounce on a ball.
I like to hit a tennis ball.
I like to roll on a ball.
I like to dribble a basketball.
I like to hide in balls.
What do you like to do with balls?

A Monkey
The monkey is furry.
The furry monkey.
I see the monkey.
The monkey is cuddling.
I am sleepy.
Good night.

Autumn
Autumn Leaves
In autumn, some trees turn red.
In autumn, some trees turn yellow.
In autumn, some trees turn orange.
In autumn, some trees turn brown.
In autumn, leaves fall to the ground.
In autumn, some trees lose all their leaves.
In autumn, I love to walk in the leaves.
But sometimes my feet get lost!

How Do You Feel Today?
How do you feel today?
If you are feeling happy,
then clap your hands. Clap, clap, clap.
If you are feeling angry,
then stomp your feet. Stomp, stomp, stomp.
If you are feeling sad, then cry boo-hoo. Boo- hoo, Boo-hoo, Boo-hoo.
If you are feeling jumpy, then jump about. Jump, jump, jump.
If you feel like flying, then zoom about. Zoom, zoom, zoom.
If you are feeling tired,
then go to sleep. Sh, sh, sh.

My Safety Book
My Safety Book
I'm tired.
I want to stop.
I need to go to the surface.
I hurt.
Don't touch.
What is That?
I'm cold.
I'm really cold.
It is hard to breathe.
LOOK !!
My lungs just exploded!
I need to go to the toilet.
My stuff won't work.
Are you OK?
I'm OK.
My ears hurt.
I'm getting scared.

Things in Nature
Things in Nature
Natural things are found everywhere.
Things that are natural grow and change by themselves.
Things like rocks,
trees,
plants,
oil,
and dirt are natural.
Man-made things are made from natural things.  These rocking chairs were made from wood from a tree.
Bricks are made from rocks.
Shirts are made from plants.
Plastic is made from oil.
Everything you see around you was made from something natural.

Crazy Animals
Let's look at some crazy animals.
This dog has a big smile.
This turtle has two heads.
This cat is Kung Fu fighting.
This bird's name is the blue footed booby bird.
This cat is bad at hiding.
This cat smells something bad.
This cat doesn't want to be teased.
These animals
are crazy.

Look What I See
Look at what I see.
I see a banana.
I see a monkey.
I see a toothbrush.
I see a hamburger.
I see a giraffe.
I see a chair.
I see a flower.
I see a cow.
I see a table.
I see a hot dog.
What do you see?

Feelings
How are you feeling?
happy
scared
sad
angry
disappointed
frustrated
bored
funny
confident
shy
content
shocked
terrified
adventurous
lonely
curious
kindly
embarrassed
excited
friendly

I Like Food
I like ice cream.
I like pizza.
I like sandwiches.
I like chocolate.
I like baked potatoes.
I like to eat!

Underwater Fun
This is a  seahorse.
This is a school of fish.
This is a turtle.
This is an anemone.
This is a tree worm.
This is a turkoise.
This is a shark.
This is a moray eel.
This is a parrot fish
This is a lion fish.
Don't touch it!

The AFL in 2008
This story is about the AFL.
They find it's hard to win!
He wants the ball.
They are fighting.
They are winning now!
They win this time.
The people watching are happy for the AFL.
He is taking a mark.
The crowd is cheering.
The team runs off in glory.
Hooray for the winners!
The AFL Rules!

"Find Love, Sexy!"
This story is about love.
If you like someone,
first you hold hands!
They might give you gifts.
If you feel safe, you can kiss,
and get engaged..
...and get married!
But you could have a fight.
Then you would have no boyfriend to love you.
But remember, don't give up on love! The End.

I Can Help
I can help.
I help my mom fix dinner.
My sister cuts the grass. Sometimes it is my turn to do it.
My dad cooks meat on the grill. I can help.
I help my little sister take a bath.
I help my grandma in the garden.
I help my family.
And they help me.

Fairies
Do you believe in fairies?
Fairies are beautiful.
Fairies have wings.
Tinkerbell is a fairy.
Fairies can live in the forest.
This fairy is on a toadstool.
Are there fairies in your garden?
This is an orange fairy.
Do you have a fairy doll?
Men can be fairies, too!
Do fairies eat fairy floss?
Do fairies eat fairy bread?
I believe in fairies.

I Can Jump
I can jump up.
I can jump in.
I can jump out.
I can jump over.
I can jump on.
I can jump off.
I can jump high.
I can jump low.
I love to jump.

Shopping
I love shopping!
Shopping for groceries,
shopping for food,
shopping for clothes,
shopping for shoes,
and shopping for flowers.
So much shopping... So little time!

Ice  Cream
Ice Cream
I scream.
You scream.
We all scream,
for ice cream!
Yum!

Spicy for Breakfast
Spices give food many flavors.
Cinnamon comes in sticks.
Would you like a cinnamon roll?
Pepper comes in peppercorns.
I like pepper on eggs.
Cardamom comes in pods.
Cardamom tea is delicious!
Caraway is a seed.
Caraway seeds are good in rye bread.
Garlic comes in cloves.
May I have garlic pizza for breakfast?
Spices are wonderful.

We Love Winnie the Pooh.
Winnie the Pooh loves Honey.
Winnie the Pooh loves Piglet.
Winnie the Pooh loves Tigger.
Winnie the Pooh loves Eeyore.
And we love Winnie the Pooh!

I Like Lollies
I like smarties.
I like licorice.
I like chocolate.
I like gummy snakes.
I like freddo frogs.
I like marshmallows.
I like jelly babies.
I like lots of lollies.

The Wiggles' Colors
The big red car is red.
Murray is red.
Jeff is purple.
Greg is yellow.
Anthony is blue.
Wags is brown.
Dorothy is green.

Assembly Questions
What do you want to ask?
Do you like The Muppets?
What's your favourite food?
Do you have a cat?
Do you like horse riding?
What's your favourite drink?
Do you like swimming?
What's your favourite colour?
Do you have any pets?
What are their names?
Who is in your family?
Do you have your own bedroom?
What is your favourite book?
Do you have a teddy bear?
What do you eat for breakfast?
Do you like to dress up?
Do you like fish?
Do you like cows?

Monsters
This is a stone monster.
This is a fire monster.
This is a Frankenstein. monster.
This is a book monster.
Watch out, these monsters are fighting!

Whose Party?
Who is having a party?
party cake
party balloons
party streamers
party present
party clown
party food
party friends
party music
party games
But who is having a party?
Pig is.

He said,  She said.
She said, "Come and swim."
He said, "No way."
She said, "Come and swim."
He said, "Not today."
We said, "Come and swim."
They said, "Not now."
You said, "Come and swim."
I said, "Show me how."

4th of July Picnic
Let's have a 4th of July picnic!
Get the flag tablecloths.
Let's cook on the grill.
We'll have hot dogs,
hamburgers,
chicken,
corn on the cob,
fruit salad,
and watermelon!
How about a special 4th of July drink?
How about desert? Cupcakes?
How about cookies?
How about cake?
How about a special treat?

I Spy Flags 2
I spy more flags.
I spy a flag clock.
I spy a flag ball.
I spy a flag bag.
I spy a flag bear.
I spy a flag cake.
I spy flag cookies.
I spy flag lights.
I spy a flag motorcycle.
I spy a flag stamp.
I spy a flag table.

I Spy Flags
I Spy Flags
I spy a flag hat.
I spy a flag face.
I spy a flag shirt.
I spy a flag dress.
I spy a flag bracelet.
I spy a flag sock.
I spy flag shoes.
I spy flags.

Climbing Trees
Do you like to climb trees?
This is an easy tree to climb.
It is fun to climb a tree with a friend.
Can you find me in this tree?
Now I am in a pine tree. Can you find me?
I had a little help to climb this tree.
I climb carefully.
I always look for the strongest branches.
Look how high I can climb!
Wow, this boy can climb a palm tree.
Would you like to climb up to my tree house?
I like to climb trees.

WINNIE THE POOH
Funny Pooh
Pooh is funny.
Pooh's friends.
Pooh is cool!

Getting There
Some people like to travel by bus.
Some people like to travel by train.
Some people like to travel by ship.
Some people like to travel by plane.
Some people like to travel by horse.
Some people like to travel by cart.
But Me? I prefer shank's pony of course!!

The Pipe Band
The pipe band came to school one day.
They did lots of marching.
They played lots of music.
Some played the bagpipes.
They showed us how.
Some played the drums.
They showed us how.
They all wore skirts called kilts.
Even the men wore kilts.
How interesting!
I wonder why?

Waiting
Waiting for the school bus,
waiting for the plane.
Waiting for the school bell,
waiting for the train.
Waiting for my dinner time,
waiting in the queue.
Waiting, waiting, waiting!
Isn't there something else that I can do?

I Love Legos
I love Legos.
Legos from the top
Legos from the side
a lot of Legos
Legos in bins.
Lego words
Lego people
a Lego person, wow!
Kids love Legos.
Adults love Legos.
Do turtles love Legos?
I love Legos.

Mud
Mud on my boots
Mud on my car
Mud on my bike
Mud on my T.V.
Mud on my dog
Mud on my pig
Mud on my toad
Mud on my feet
Mud on my hands
Mud on my face
Mud everywhere!

Motor bikes
This is a Kawasaki.
This is a Honda.
This is a bike doing a wheelie.
These are motor bike leathers.
This is a motor bike helmet.
This is the best bike in the world.

Insects In My Garden
I am in the garden.
I see a butterfly.
I see a ladybird.
I see a dragonfly.
I see a bee.
I see a mosquito.
I see a beetle.
Insects like living in my garden.

Balls
How many different balls can you name?
basketball
soccer ball
tennis ball
bowling balls
pool balls
beach balls
dodge balls
bubble balls
snowball
koosh balls
smiley balls
gum balls
meatballs

Bratz!
I love Bratz.
This is Chloe.
This is Jade.
This is Sasha.
This is Nevra.
This is Yasmine.
This is Isabelle.
They are all friends.

Restaurant Choices for Community Outings
Where should we go to eat?
Bob Evans
CiCi's Pizza
Jerry's Subs & Pizza
McDonald's
Subway
Taco Bell
The eatery at Montgomery Mall

What Can Dogs Do?
What can dogs do?
The dog is cuddling.
The dog is running.
The dog is sitting.
The dog is playing.
The dog is jumping.
The dog is resting.
The dog is sniffing.
I like dogs!

Farm Animals.
farm animals
a cow
a mouse
a horse
a sheep
a chicken
a pig
a dog
a duck
farm animals

Room 6 Cooking
I like pasta.
I like making biscuits.
I can use a knife and fork.
I like to eat noodles.
Yesterday, we made pancakes!
Last week, we made bread.
We made pizza.
I like cooking.

Show Me the Shoes
Show me the shoes.
old shoes
new shoes
green shoes
food shoes
dancing shoes
fancy shoes
red shoes
blue shoes
spotted shoes
pink shoes
baby shoes
fruit shoes
How can I choose from so many shoes?

In the sky
In the sky
The clouds are in the sky.
The sun is in the sky.
The moon is in the sky.
A bird is in the sky.
A plane is in the sky.
A balloon is in the sky.
A helicopter is in the sky.
I am in the sky.

Three People Go!
Three people go!
Three people go to the beach.
Three people go to the playground.
Three people go to the circus.
Three people go to the zoo.
Three people go to the farm.
Three people go to the airport.
Three people go home.

Careers
What do you want to be when you grow up?
I want to be a dentist and help people keep their teeth healthy.
I want to be a chef and cook food at a nice restaurant.
I want to be a lawyer and represent people in court.
I want to be a police officer and protect our community.
I want to be a teacher and help children learn.
I want to be a vet and take care of animals.

Firefighter's Uniform
What do firefighters wear?
pants
boots
jacket
helmet
mask
air tank
These firefighters are all geared up and ready to fight a fire.

Beach Activities
At the beach...
I can tan.
I can swim.
I can have fun with my friends.
I can play with my pet.
I can surf.
I can build a sandcastle.
I can collect shells.
I can eat.
I can play volleyball.
I can run.
I can sail.
I can watch the sunset.

Crazy Cats!
Crazy Cats!
One cat is in a bus.
One cat is up high.
Three cats are up high.  Crazy cats!
One cat drinks.
One cat is in the sink.
Two cats dance. Crazy cats!
One cat jumps.
One cat is in a bag.
Three cats are on the table. Crazy cats!
One cat wants pizza.
One cat is in the washer.
Go to sleep, you crazy cats!

Frogs
This is a tadpole. It will become a frog.
This frog is blue.
This frog is shiny.
These frogs are hugging.
The French like to eat frog legs.
Yuck!

Cats
I love cats.
Some cats are orange.
Some cats are fluffy.
Some cats have stripes.
Some cats like to sleep.
Cats are lovely.

Tornados Coming!
What is the weather like?
The tornado is coming.
The lightning is coming.
The storm is coming.
We should stay in bed.

The West Coast Eagles
This is an eagle.
This is a West Coast Eagle.
Football is exciting.
The crowd is cheering.
The team is kicking.
He is tackling.
The Eagles are strong.
The Eagles are losing.
They might win next year.

Buses
A red double-decker bus
A yellow school bus
A blue bus
A green bus
A white bus
A striped bus
A rainbow bus
A "Go Greener" bus
A new bus
An old bus
A slow bus
A fast bus
A night bus
A red nose bus
Waiting for the bus
Running late for the bus
Bus driver
People on the bus
Baby on the bus
Talking on the bus
Singing on the bus
Reading on the bus
Looking out the window on the bus
Doing homework on the bus
Here is my bus.
The bus will take me home.

Mirror, Mirror
Mirrors are everywhere.
Cars have mirrors.
Bathrooms have mirrors.
Beauty salons have mirrors.
Cats enjoy mirrors.
Calm water reflects like a mirror.
Windows reflect like mirrors.
Sunglasses reflect like mirrors.
Did I mention that cats enjoy mirrors?
Two mirrors make two reflections.
Many mirrors make many reflections.
Broken mirrors make broken reflections.
And cats really enjoy mirrors!

Computers
The computer turns on.
The computer is thinking.
The computer is working.
The computer plays games.
I like looking at the computer.

Catching the Bus
I like to catch the bus.
"Hello driver," I say.
"A ticket to the city, please."
Sometimes the bus is crowded.
Sometimes the bus is nearly empty.
I can catch the bus to school.
I can catch the bus to the beach.
But today I am catching the bus to the city.
It is time to get off the bus. Push the stop button.
"Thank you driver," I say.

Things We Grow
We grow tomatoes.
We grow capsicums.
We grow carrots.
We grow celery.
We grow onions.
We grow  eggplant.
We grow garlic.
We put all the things we grow into our fried rice.
It makes me happy.

I Love The Wiggles
The Wiggles love to drive in the big, red car.
Sam loves to dance.
Jeff loves to sleep.
Murray loves to play the guitar.
Anthony loves to eat apples.
Captain Feathersword loves to sing.
Wags the dog loves to dig.
Henry the octopus loves to twirl around.
Dorothy the Dinosaur loves to drink rosy tea.
I love to watch The Wiggles!

Trains
Trains
I like slow trains.
I like fast trains.
I like old trains.
I like new trains.
I like all trains.

Have You Seen My Dog?
My dog has a pointy nose.
He can smell everything!
My dog has big ears.
He can hear everything!
My dog has brown eyes.
He can see everything!
My dog has white feet.
My dog has short legs.
My dog has no tail.
But we know when he is happy!
Sometimes he lays on his front.
Sometimes he lays on his back.
My dog has a pink tongue.
My dog has a long body.
My dog has a loud bark.
My dog is a Corgi.
Here is my silly dog!

Detectives
Hi! I am Detective Doug.
I am a police officer, but I do not wear a uniform.
My job is to investigate crimes.
I ask questions.
I look for clues.  Another word for clues is evidence.
Fingerprints are evidence.  They help me figure out who was at the crime.
Footprints are evidence.
Blood is evidence.
Guns and other weapons are evidence.
First, I locate all the evidence at the crime scene.
I mark where everything was at the scene.
Then, I collect the evidence.
Evidence is put in property bags,
and taken back to the station.

Hands
Hands are beautiful.
Shaking hands
Old hands
Small hands
Tattooed hand
Hands painted with henna
Messy hands
Wet hands
Hands holding a new puppy
Hands full of candy
Talking hand
Reading hand
Holding hands
Hands raised
Everyone has hands.

Let's Ride!
Ride up high.
Ride all the way down.
An elephant ride.
A bike ride.
A boat ride.
A motorbike ride.
Ride the train.
Riding horses.
Riding fast.
Ride the jet ski.
Ride in the car.
Riding camels.
Ride a skateboard.
Ride the waves!
Ride a lawnmower.
Go for a joy ride.
A koala ride!
A piggy back ride.
Hitch a ride. So long!

Wolfmother
Wolfmother is a band.
There are three people in the band.
Andrew Stockdale is the lead singer.
He also plays the guitar.
Chris Ross plays the bass.
He also plays the keyboard.
Myles Heskett plays the drums.
I like to listen to their music on CD.
But it's even better to listen to them live in concert.
Do you like Wolfmother too?

Coloured Herbies.
I like Herbie cars.
This one is purple.
This car is fast and green.
Some cars are old.
This Herbie car is blue.
A red car is always fast!
This white car has the roof down.
This car is orange.
This car is black and it is my favourite.

Crazy Mum
My mum likes flowers.
My mum cleans the house.
My mum takes me to the beach.
My mum makes my lunch.
Sometimes my mum gets confused.

Leaves Are Cool
Leaves can be small.
Leaves can be green.
Leaves are old.
Leaves are new.
Leaves can be big.
Some leaves are purple.
Leaves come from trees.

Who Lives at the Zoo?
Who lives at the zoo?
Monkeys live at the zoo.
Lions live at the zoo.
Elephants live at the zoo.
Otters live at the zoo.
Crocodiles live at the zoo.
Tigers live at the zoo.
Lemurs live at the zoo.
Giraffes live at the zoo.
Meerkats live at the zoo.
Who else lives at the zoo?

Snow White
This is the poison apple.
This is the castle.
This is the cottage.
This is Snow White.
This is the magic mirror.
This is the fairy godmother.
This is the wicked witch.
This is the evil woman.
This is the palace.
I like Snow White.

My Food Senses.
Food makes my senses work.
Peaches feel furry to touch.
Spaghetti looks like string.
Popcorn sounds like gun shots when it is cooking. POP! BANG!
Curry tastes like an explosion in my mouth. Yum!
Cup cakes smell delicious when they are cooking. My mum's cup cakes always make me happy.

Hungry Jack's
I like Hungry Jack's.
I can choose what I like.
I like to get a meal deal.
I can choose my drink flavour.
Kids can play in the playground.
But not adults!
You can even have a party there.
It's much better than that other place.
The burgers are better at Hungry Jack's!

Turquoise Time
Turquoise is my favorite color.
Come visit my turquoise house.
It is near a turquoise sea.
Be sure to wear turquoise!
We can ride in my old turquoise car.
We can ride in my new turquoise car.
The garden is full of turquoise stones.
You can call on my turquoise phone.
Or sit in my turquoise chairs.
Or play with my turquoise toys.
We can swim in my turquoise pool.
The pool is behind a turquoise wall.
We can wrap ourselves in turquoise.
We can have turquoise cupcakes for tea.

Cars!
There are many different types of cars.
This is an old car.
This is a new car.
This is a red car.
This is a blue car.
This is a dirty car.
This is a clean car.
This is a yellow car.
This is a green car.
This is a dull car.
This is a bright car.
This is a black car.
This is a white car.
This is a fast car.
This is a slow car.
This is a stopped car.
This car is going.
This is a flower car.
This is a sky car.
This is a silly car.
And this car is my car.
Open the door and sit down inside.
Put on your seat belt and go for a drive!

I Like
I like a big yawn.
I like a big lollipop!
I like a small kiss.
I like a small cuddle.

Teachers
This is a teacher.
Mrs. Henry teaches swimming.
Some teachers teach math.
This teacher wears glasses.
Everyone has a teacher.  We can learn from teachers.

I Like Dogs
This is a dog.
The dog is splashing.
The dog is cuddling.
The dog is playing.
The dog is hiding.
The dog is sniffing.
I like dogs.

Baa Baa Black Sheep
Baa Baa black sheep,
have you any wool?
Yes sir, yes sir,
three bags full.
One for the master and one for the dame,
and one for the little boy who lives down the lane.

I Love...
I love stretching!
I love singing!
I love resting!
I love kissing!
I love eating!
I love sleeping!
I love swimming!
I love winking!
I love crawling!
I love being me!

Keeping Fit
Swimming will keep you fit.
Soccer will keep you fit.
Horse riding will keep you fit.
Boxing will keep you fit.
Diving will keep you fit.
Gymnastics will keep you fit.
Tennis will keep you fit.
Cycling will keep you fit.
Baseball will keep you fit.
Yoga will keep you fit.
Volleyball will keep you fit.
Basketball will keep you fit.
Surfing will keep you fit.
Running will keep you fit.
Playing sports will keep you fit.

Tattoos
Arms with tattoos.
Back with tattoos.
Legs with tattoos.
Feet with tattoos.
Wrists with tattoos.
Face with tattoos.
Bird tattoos.
Star tattoo.
Flower tattoo.
Butterfly tattoos.
Peacock tattoo.
Eye tattoo. Look out!
Young men have tattoos.
Old men have tattoos.
Young women have tattoos.
Musicians have tattoos.
Jugglers have tattoos.
Bikers have tattoos.
Tattoos are tough.

Making Popcorn
Get the corn.
Get the popcorn maker.
Pour the corn in.
Pop, pop, pop!
Popcorn!

Food around the World.
Today, we all eat food that originally came from different countries.
Pasta came from Italy. We eat it with different sauces.
Sushi came from Japan.  Sushi is made from rice and many other things.
Pizza came from Italy. Pizzas are eaten all around the world. They are made with different toppings.
Curry came from India, Sri Lanka and other countries. Curry can be hot and spicy.You can eat it with rice.
Spring rolls came from China and Japan. They can have meat, fish or vegetables inside.
Tacos came from Mexico. You can get hard or soft tacos and fill them with yummy things.
Fried rice came from China, Indonesia and Malaysia. You can put different meat, fish and vegetables in it.
You eat fried rice with chop sticks. They can be tricky!
What is your favorite food? Where did it originally come from?

Puppies Are Cute
Puppies are cute.
Puppies are playful.
Puppies are cuddly.
Puppies are silly.
Puppies are fast.
Puppies are curious.
Puppies are fluffy.
Puppies are naughty.
Puppies are messy.
Puppies are sleepy.
Puppies are small.
Puppies, puppies, puppies!

Bubbles
Blow some bubbles.
Chase the bubbles.
Catch a bubble...
POP!

Motorbikes
I like to look at motorbikes.
I like to ride dirt bikes.
My Mum likes to ride a motorbikes.
I can do a big jumps on a motorbike.
My Dad goes for rides with his motorbike.
When I grow up I want my own motorbike.
And I will take others for a ride.
I would love to be a motorbike racer.

Getting Dressed
Let's get dressed!
First, I put on  underwear.
Second, I put on a shirt.
Third, I put on pants.
Fourth, I put on socks.
Fifth, I put on shoes.

Counting
I can see one dog.
I can see two sheep.
I can see three pigs.
I can see four cats.
I can see five fingers.

Watch the Watch!
Watch out!
A watch helps you tell the time.
Inside a watch, there are many tiny parts.
Sometimes the face of a watch is complicated.
Some watches glow in the dark.
Eek!  There's a snake around the watch!
Ooh, the watch is in a very tall building.
Ugh, there's a snail on the watch.
Oh no!  Don't get your watch too wet.
Smash!  This watch is broken.
A butterfly won't hurt your watch.
Take care of your watch!

Going to the Beach
Are you going to the beach?
You wear a bathing suit to the beach.
Let us pack the beach bag.
You will need a towel.
You should bring your sunglasses.
You might want to listen to your iPod at the beach.
Do not forget the sunscreen.
You do not want to get a sunburn!  Ouch! Yuck!

STARS
Stars
Stars in the night sky
A movie star
Stars on a flag
Stars over the water
Stars on a shoulder
Gold stars
Blue stars
Fingers make a star
A sea star in the ocean
A star in an apple
Stars are everywhere.

Who Swims?
Who swims?
Ducks swim.
Penguins swim.
Turtles swim.
Fish swim.
Whales swim.
Dogs swim.
People swim.
Splash!
The End

Cold Nights
The moon is high and bright.
The night is cold and crisp.
The air is fresh and biting.
The stars are shining brightly.
I pull on my Ugg boots.
I put on my jumper.
The fire is lit.
I drink hot chocolate.
I toast marshmallows.
Life is so good.

Lollies...
Lollies in bags
Lollies with swirls
Lollies on the piano
Lollies in the shop
Lollies on cakes
Lollies with sticks
Lolly jars
Lollies in wrappers
Lollies in my hand
Lollies in my mouth
Chewy snake lollies
Colourful lollies
Black and white lollies
Squashy lollies
Bottles of lollies
Making lollies
Fruit lollies
Soccer ball lollies
Decorative lollies
A pile of lollies
Jelly lollies
Mmm!  Lollies!
Time to brush my teeth!

In The Jungle
In the jungle
A tiger in the jungle
A rhino in the jungle
An elephant in the jungle
A monkey in the jungle
A giraffe in the jungle
A hippo in the jungle
A lion in the jungle

Butterflies
Butterflies
A butterfly on a yellow flower.
An orange butterfly on flowers.
Two butterflies on flowers.
A butterfly upside down.
A butterfly on a leaf.
A butterfly eating.
A butterfly flying.
Two butterflies standing.

Shadows
A bed can make a shadow.
A balloon can make a shadow.
A bike can make a shadow.
A boy can make a shadow.
A tree can make a shadow.
But you need light to make a shadow.

I Love Healthy Food
I love apples.
I love avocado.
I love salads.
I love cherries.
I love strawberries.
I love peaches.
I love oranges.
I love tomatoes.
I love carrots.
I love mushrooms.
I hate chillies.

What Lola Likes
Lola likes to dress up.
Lola likes to eat.
Lola likes to run.
Lola likes to swim.
Lola likes to sleep.
I love Lola!

Soccer Equals Liverpool
Lots of people support Liverpool Football Club.
Welcome to Liverpool Football Club's stadium.
This is inside Anfield Stadium.
Liverpool supporters who sit in the stands are called 'Kopites'.
The Liverbird is Liverpool Football Club's mascot.
Bill Shankly was Liverpool Football Club's manager for 15 years.
Liverpool Football Club are champions many times over.
Children support Liverpool.
Grown-ups support Liverpool.
Fans from around the world buy Liverpool merchandise.
Fans wave Liverpool flags.
Liverpool Football Club is a great team.

Camping!
Let's go camping!
We could camp in the forest.
We could camp in the mountains.
Let's camp at the beach!
We need to pack our gear.
We'll need a torch.
We'll need matches.
We'll need mosquito repellent.
We'll need sunscreen.
We'll need sleeping bags.
We'll need sausages.
We'll need tomato sauce.
We'll need beer.
We'll definitely need marshmallows!
Let's put up the tent.
Do you want a cup of tea?
Hey! It's dark out here!

Balloons Everywhere!
Blue balloons!
Black balloons!
Yellow balloons!
Red balloons!
White balloons!
Blue and pink balloons!
Patterned balloons!
Balloons on a string.
Hot air balloons.
Do you like my balloon dress?
Don't let go of the balloons!
Uh oh!

So Many Sandwiches...
My favorite lunch is a sandwich.
So many kinds of sandwiches...
Wrap sandwich.
Tall sandwich.
Worried sandwich.
Grilled cheese sandwich.
Sandwich with mustard.
Heart-shaped sandwich.
Scary sandwich.
Avocado sandwich.
Meatball sandwiches.
Ice cream sandwich!
We love sandwiches in the park.

Musical Instruments
What makes music?
The clarinet
The drums
The flute
The guitar
The maracas
The piano
The rhythm blocks
The rhythm sticks
The sand blocks
The tambourine

Cars
This is a fast car.
This is a faster car.
This is the fastest car.
This is an old car.
This is a new car.
This is a stolen car.
This is a police car.
I love cars.

Soccer Action
I like to kick.
I like to jump.
I like to run.
I like to score.
I like to catch.
We all like soccer.

SeaWorld
Dolphins can dance.
Dolphins can jump out of the water.
Whales can jump high, too.
People can feed the dolphins.
You can see seals at SeaWorld.
Polar bears can dive under the water.
Penguins can walk and swim.
Sharks can swim very fast.
Big kids can ride on the roller coaster.
Everyone can ride on the carousel.
You can ride the monorail at SeaWorld.

Rainbow Frogs
I am green.
I am blue.
I am brown.
I am yellow.
I am red.
I am lots of colours!

I Love Footy!
They run.
They chase.
They tackle
and pass the ball.
He kicks the ball.
This is a scrum.
They run.
There is another tackle.
He runs.
Did he score?
Yes, it's a try!
They cheer.
I love footy!

Pretty in Pink
Do you have a pink dress?
Mama had a pink dress.
Grandma had a pink dress too.
My sister wore her pink dress to a party.
My teacher wore her pink dress on vacation.
My cousin wears her pink dress to school.
Babies look cute in pink dresses.
Princesses wear a lot of pink dresses.
Look at all the pink dresses!
I like to wear my bright pink dress.
It goes with my pink shoes.

Book About Motorcycles
Red motorcycle.
White motorcycle.
Black motorcycle.
Red motorcycle.
Red motorcycle.
Jake's motorcycle.

Under the Sea
Under the sea,
I see some jellyfish.
I see some seahorses.
I see a starfish.
I see a turtle.
I see an octopus.
I see a stingray.
I see a ladder.
Back to my boat.

Winter Nights
The moon is high and bright.
The night is cold and crispy.
The air is fresh and biting.
The stars are shining brightly.
I put on my jumper.
I put on my sheepskin boots.
The fire is lit.
I drink hot chocolate.
I toast marshmallows on an open fire.
I cuddle up to keep warm.
Mmmm. Life is good.

Fruit
This is a banana.
This is an apple.
This is a pear.
This is a strawberry.
This is a watermelon.
This is a cherry.
This is a lemon.
This is an orange.

Don't try this at home!
Don't try this at home!
Don't ride your skateboard down the stairs!
Don't jump out of the plane!
Don't do wheelies!
Don't play rough!
Don't slurp your spaghetti!
Don't swim with crocodiles!
Don't walk!
Don't listen to loud music!
Be good!

Running
The boy can run.
The girl can run.
The man can run.
The lady can run.
The children can run.
The dog can run.
The horse can run.
The cow can run.
The cheetah can run.
Look at all the people running.

On the Farm
This is a farm.
This is a tractor.
This is a sheep.
This is a cow.
This is a truck.
This is  a pig.
This is a shed.
This is a paddock.
This is a rooster.

Super Cars
The yellow Lamborghini goes very fast.
The red Ferrari goes really fast.
The silver Aston-Martin is good looking.
The green Lotus is interesting.
The blue Koenigsegg is the fastest of them all!

Pets
A dog.
A cat.
A rabbit.
A guinea pig.
A fish.

Splash!
I like to play in the ocean.
I like to splash in the waves.
I like to play in the water with a friend.
I like to jump in the water.
I like to swim underwater.
I like to swim with the fish.
Swimming is fun!

Transportation
TRANSPORTATION
An airplane.
A bike.
A car.
A hot air balloon.
A train.
A truck.
A ship.

Moving people
Some people run.
Some people  walk.
Some people jump.
Some people push.
Some people ride a bike.
But I roll.

4th of July
Happy 
4th of July!
4th of July is our country's birthday.
So, you will see a lot of American flags on this special day.
Maybe you will eat a special 4th of July breakfast.
Some kids like to have their face painted like the American flag.
Pets can celebrate the 4th of July too.
Most cities or towns have a parade on the 4th of July.
Parades are led by police.
Firetrucks are usually in the parades too.
After the parade, most people enjoy barbecues.
And for dessert, a 4th of July cake!
People also celebrate 4th of July by watching fireworks
Look at all the fireworks!

Lullaby
Rest, sleep, dream.
Is it bedtime?
Bed, blanket, pillow.
Lie down, read, relax.
It is warm under a quilt.
Find your favorite pillow.
Lights on or off?
Fall to sleep.
Your dreams may be strange.
Your dreams may be scary.
But you are safe, and rest is good.
Sleep well.

Ferris Wheels
The Ferris wheel was invented in 1893.
Ferris wheel on a sunny day.
White ferris wheel, blue sky.
Ferris wheel at sunset.
Tall Ferris wheel, dark sky.
Rainbow Ferris wheel at night.
Ferris wheel on the water.
Ferris wheel in the park.
Cars on the Ferris wheel.
Riders for the Ferris wheel.
Don't wear a hat on the Ferris wheel!

Puddles
Puddles.
I've found a puddle.
I need my boots.
I step in the puddle. I make some ripples.
I can make circles in the water.
I can jump in the puddle.
I can see my reflection in the puddle.
Big people like to play in puddles, too.
Puddles are lots of fun, especially when you get wet!

BBQ Fun
Barbeques are fun.
Let's have a barbeque!
The barbeque sizzled.
The barbque cooked.
The barbeque  burned.
The barbeque is eaten!
Cows do not think barbeques are fun.

Don't Fly - Ever.
I need a holiday.
Should I go on a plane?
The plane is moving.
The plane is flying.
The plane is floating.
The plane is speeding.
The plane is landing.
The plane is crashing!
I think I'll stay home.

Where's the Doctor?
I think the Doctor is here.
I see his ship everywhere.
It looks just like the toy.
At night, I see the Doctor's ship.
Under the bridge, I see the Doctor's ship.
At school, I see the Doctor's ship.
On the sidewalk, I see the Doctor's ship.
I would like to go on an adventure.
Let's just knock and say hi.
Hey, the door is open!
I think it is taking off...
Ready for another adventure?

Dogs Like Bones
This is a dog.
This is a dog bone.
Dogs like bones.
The white dog likes a bone.
The brown dog likes a bone.
The black dog likes a bone.
The boy likes the pink bone.
The dog likes the big bone.
The small dog likes a bone.
The big dog likes a bone.
The old dog likes a bone.
The young dog likes a bone.
Some people like dog bones.
This dog is a hand.

Socks Having Fun
Striped socks in the city.
Warm socks with flowers.
Striped socks in the grass.
Striped socks with a pumpkin.
Warm socks out for a walk.
Striped socks under water?
Pink socks up in the air.
Striped socks on the slide.
White socks just hanging out.
Baby socks have a lot of fun!

Where are the Aliens?
Where are the aliens?
Alien in the clouds.
Aliens in the forest.
Aliens sneaking inside?
Aliens in space.
Aliens at the movies! Scary!
Aliens in my back yard! Wow!

Hair
Hair
Hair can be red.
Hair can be blonde.
Hair can be black.
Hair can be dry.
Hair can be wet.
Hair can be curly.
Hair can be cut.
Hair can be short.
Hair can be long.
But best of all, hair can be crazy!

Juicy Fruit
Cherries are juicy.
Strawberries are juicy.
Lychees are juicy.
Blackberries are juicy.
Apples can be juicy.
Bananas are not juicy.
Avocados are not juicy.
But all fruit is yummy!

The Circus is in Town!
Have you got a ticket for the circus?
You will see the trapeze artists.
The clowns will make you laugh.
The hula hoop artist will surprise you.
The jugglers will amaze you.
The unicyclists will astound you.
The tight rope walker will scare you.
Roll up! Roll up! Get your ticket now!

Robots
I am a robot.  I can walk.
I am a robot.  I can balance.
I am a robot.  I can ride.
I am a robot.  I can fight.
I am a robot.  I can dance.
I am a robot.  I can slither.
I am a robot.  I can push.
I am a robot.  I can drink.
I am a robot.  I can fly.
I am a robot.  I can play.
I am a robot.  I can swim
We are robots.  We can do anything.

Our Day
We wake up in the morning.
We have breakfast in the morning.
We go to school in the morning.
We have lessons all day.
We read books.
We go to other classrooms.
We go home in the afternoon.
We have dinner at home.
Then we go to sleep!

Australian Animals
In Australia, you find koalas.
In Australia, you find green tree frogs.
In Australia, you find echidnas.
In Australia, you find Tasmanian devils.
In Australia, you find kangaroos.
In Australia, you find emus.
Beware! In Australia you find crocodiles!

Where do horses live?
Horses can live in the snow.
Horses can live under trees.
Horses can live in paddocks.
I like horses.

People have Feelings
People have feelings.
Sometimes people have good feelings.
Sometimes people feel brave.
Sometimes people feel happy.
Sometimes people feel curious.
Sometimes people feel excited.
Sometimes people feel proud.
Sometimes people feel strong.
Sometimes people feel confident.
Sometimes people feel thoughtful.
Sometimes people have bad feelings.
Sometimes people feel anxious.
Sometimes people feel lonely.
Sometimes people feel regretful.
Sometimes people feel nervous.
Sometimes people feel angry.
Sometimes people feel frightened.
Sometimes people feel shy.
Sometimes people feel sad.
Sometimes people feel bored.
Sometimes people feel jealous.
Sometimes people feel tired.
Sometimes people feel sick.
Sometimes people feel guilty.
Sometimes people feel embarrassed.
Everyone has feelings.

Cakes
Cakes can be large.
Cakes can be small.
Cakes can be pretty.
Cakes can be tall.
Cakes can be colourful.
Cakes can be yum!
Lots of cakes for everyone!

Tractors
This is a red tractor.
This tractor is green.
This is a yellow tractor.
This tractor is brown.
This is a blue tractor.
All tractors are great!

Ice Cream
Ice cream sandwich.
Ice cream cake.
Ice cream lady.
Ice cream cones.
Ice cream shop.
Ice cream balls.
Ice cream eater.

Happy
The clown is happy.
The car is happy.
The cake is happy.
The cloud is happy.
The watermelon is happy.
The dog is happy.
The ball is happy.
The potato is happy.
The toast is happy.
I am happy.

Chooks for Me!
I wish I had chooks.
Grey chooks.
Fluffy chooks!
Noisy chooks.
Black chooks.
A colourful rooster. He's a boy chook.
A white chook.
A stripey chook.
All kinds of chooks.
I would keep them in the garden.
Garden chooks.
They would scratch in the grass.
I would make them a place to live.
I would collect the eggs.
They would be friendly chooks.
Maybe they would have chickens.
Colourful chickens?

Awesome Cats.
I love cats.
Cats can look.
Cats can explore.
Cats can rest.
Cats can sniff.
Cats can peek.
Cats can yawn.
Cats can stretch.
Cats can sleep.
Cats can stalk.
Cats can wink.
Cats can walk.
Cats can leap.
Cats can play.
Cats can dress up.
Cats can climb up.
Cats can climb down.
Cats can snooze.
Cats can wrestle.
Cats can snuggle.
Cats can roll.
Cats can lick toes. That tickles!

What sport do you like?
Do you like surfing?
Do you like motorcross?
Do you like cycling?
Do you like football?
Do you like horse racing?
Do you like tennis?
Do you like basketball?
What sport do you like?

Dragonflies Galore!
I love dragonflies.
Red and blue dragonflies.
A glamorous dragonfly.
A stripey dragonfly.
A reflected dragonfly.
A bendy dragonfly.
Dragonfly wings.
A dragonfly on sticks.
A dragonfly on flowers.
A dragonfly on barbed wire.
A dragonfly on a rock.
A dragonfly on a turtle!
Dragonflies are awesome.

Weather
This is a rainbow.
This is rain.
This is  lightning.
This is snow.
This is fog.
This is sunshine. The weather I like best!

Where Does Music Come From?
Music can come from a piano.
Music can come from an iPod.
Music can come from a piccolo.

The Magic World of Cars
I like cars.
Cars can be very different.
Cars can be blue.
Cars can be red.
Cars can be small.
Cars can be big.
Cars come in many varieties!
I like cars!

WOW for wheelchairs!!
I use a wheelchair.
Friends use wheelchairs.
Dogs use wheelchairs.
Clowns use wheelchairs.
Toys use wheelchairs.
Basketball players use wheelchairs.
Dancers use wheelchairs.
Athletes use wheelchairs.
Thanks for making wheelchairs!

Sports Day.
We had Sports Day.
We marched in teams on Sports Day.
We ran races on Sports Day.
We played games on Sports Day.
Dads watched on Sports Day.
Mums watched on Sports Day.
Who won on Sports Day?

Mystery in the Library
I like books.
The library has so many books.
How can I find the books I want?
It's a mystery!
The help desk is a good place to start.
The librarian can help solve the mystery.
The computer can help solve the mystery.
The call numbers are a great clue.
That's the right section.
That's the right shelf!
And that's my library card.
The mystery is solved.

AJ's Flight Plans
I want to fly.
Not in an airplane.
Not in a helicopter.
Not in a blimp.
Not in a balloon.
Not even on the space shuttle.
I don't want to be a pilot.
I want to fly like a hawk.
I want to fly like a bat.
I might need wings.
Beautiful wings, like a butterfly.
Strong wings, like a condor.

Farmers' Market
Come to the farmers' market.
If we buy apples at the market...
...then we can make apple pie.
If we buy tomatoes at the market...
...then we can make tomato soup.
If we buy peppers at the market...
Then we can make stuffed peppers.
If we buy carrots at the market...
...then we can make carrot cake.
If we buy potatoes at the market...
...then we can make french fries.
If we buy strawberries at the market...
...then we can make a strawberry shake.
If we buy good foods...
...then we can have a good meal together.

1, 2, 3, Dance
Dancing is fun!
One dancer.
Two dancers.
Three dancers.
Four dancers.
Five dancers.
Six dancers.
Come dance with us!
Come dance with us!
Come dance with us!

Great Apes
Gorillas are great apes.
Orangutans are great apes.
Chimpanzees are great apes.
Humans are great apes too!
Baby gorilla.
Baby orangutan.
Baby chimpanzee.
Baby human.
Gorilla parent, gorilla child.
Orangutan parent, orangutan child.
Chimpanzee parent, chimpanzee child.
Human parent, human child.

Popcorn
I love popcorn.
Corn grows in a field.
Corn fresh from the field.
Ears of corn.
Kernels on an ear of corn.
Just kernels.
Popcorn in the microwave.
Hot popcorn.
Popcorn in bags.
Sweet popcorn.
White popcorn.
Yellow popcorn.
Pink popcorn.
Popcorn in a bucket.
Popcorn with friends.
Let's eat!

Volcano!
Quiet volcano, far away.
Quiet volcano, across the bay.
Quiet volcano, in the clouds.
Quiet volcano, under the snow.
Quiet volcano, behind the wall.
Quiet volcano, across the city.
Active volcano!
Active volcano, far away.
Active volcano, far below.
The smoke is full of ash.
The lava is bright and hot.
Lava glows in the night.
Lava meets the ocean.

Roly Poly
Roly poly.
Pill bug.
Doodlebug.
Potato bug.
Would you let a roly poly walk on you?

Beach
I live at the beach.
Come surf with me.
Surfing is fun!
Come build with me.
We can make a sand castle.
Come play with me.
Volleyball is fun!
Come walk with me.
We can make footprints.
We can find sea shells.
We can watch the waves.
We can see the sun set.

Strange Planet
I had a dream.
I woke up on a strange planet.
The sky was beautiful.
The ocean was beautiful.
The forest was beautiful.
The desert was beautiful.
Under the water was beautiful.
Some plants were strange.
Some animals were strange.
Some buildings were strange.
The people were strange and beautiful.
Earth is a strange and beautiful planet.

Haircut Time
Do you need a haircut?
I need a haircut.
My hair is messy.
Yes, you need a haircut now!
I like your curls.
I can cut your hair.
Now it is shorter.
Better, thank you.

Noodles
Noodles are my favorite food.
I even like the word "noodle."
Noodles cook fast!
Hot noodles.
Purple noodles?
Noodles with shrimp.
Fat noodles.
Thin noodles.
Curly noodles.
Noodles by spoon.
A symbol for noodles.
Come have some noodles with me.

A Rainbow of Hats
Red hat.
Green hat.
Yellow hat.
Blue hat.
Tan hat.
Black hat.
White hat.
Gray hat.
Pink hat.
Another yellow hat.
Purple hat.
Rainbow hat!

Flour, Dough, Bread
FLOUR, DOUGH, BREAD
All over the world people bake bread.
Bread can be sliced from a loaf.
Bread can also be a pizza crust!
Bread is made from flour.
Flour, water, and yeast become dough.
The dough must be kneaded....
and kneaded....
...and kneaded!
Bread is baked in an oven.
When it's done...
...it is warm and ready to eat.

The Book of Bikes
Bikes, bikes, bikes.
Fast bikes.
Night bikes.
Halloween bikes.
Racing bikes.
Motor bikes.
Snow bikes.
Banana bikes?

No Butts About It:  A Counting Book
Ten butts about it.
Nine butts about it.
Eight butts about it.
Seven butts about it.
Six butts about it.
Five butts about it.
Four butts about it.
Three butts about it.
Two butts about it.
One butt about it.
No butts about it. Oh, my!

Pizza
Pizza!
Pizza with cheese.
Pizza man.
Pizza with pepperoni.
Pizza dog.
Pizza with pesto.
Pizza in a pan.
Pizza with eyes.

My Birthday
At my birthday, I want balloons.
At my birthday, I want a cake.
At my birthday, I want some friends.
At my birthday, I want candy.
At my birthday, I want to party!

Jimmy Choo Shoes
Jimmy Choo shoes can be red.
Jimmy Choo shoes can be black.
Jimmy Choo shoes can be green.
Jimmy Choo shoes can be white.
Jimmy Choo shoes can be hot pink.
Jimmy Choo shoes can be pink.
Jimmy Choo shoes can be yellow.
Jimmy Choo shoes can be gold.
Jimmy Choo shoes can be silver.
Jimmy Choo makes shoes!

My Birthday
At my birthday, I want balloons.
At my birthday, I want a cake.
At my birthday, I want some friends.
At my birthday, I want candy.
At my birthday, I want to party!

Ice Cream
Ice cream sandwich.
Ice cream cake.
Ice cream lady.
Ice cream cones.
Ice cream shop.
Ice cream balls.
Ice cream eater.

Don't try this at home!
Don't try this at home!
Don't ride your skateboard down the stairs!
Don't jump out of the plane!
Don't do wheelies!
Don't play rough!
Don't slurp your spaghetti!
Don't swim with crocodiles!
Don't walk!
Don't listen to loud music!
Be good!

Who Swims?
Who swims?
Ducks swim.
Penguins swim.
Turtles swim.
Fish swim.
Whales swim.
Dogs swim.
People swim.
Splash!
The End

Hungry Jack's
I like Hungry Jack's.
I can choose what I like.
I like to get a meal deal.
I can choose my drink flavour.
Kids can play in the playground.
But not adults!
You can even have a party there.
It's much better than that other place.
The burgers are better at Hungry Jack's!

My Safety Book
My Safety Book
I'm tired.
I want to stop.
I need to go to the surface.
I hurt.
Don't touch.
What is That?
I'm cold.
I'm really cold.
It is hard to breathe.
LOOK !!
My lungs just exploded!
I need to go to the toilet.
My stuff won't work.
Are you OK?
I'm OK.
My ears hurt.
I'm getting scared.

The Fourth of July
The Fourth of July
On the Fourth of July we have a picnic.
We have hamburgers,
hotdogs,
potato salad,
and watermelon.
When it gets dark, we watch the fireworks.
Cover-
-your-
-ears!
Red!
White!
and BOOM!

I wanted....
I wanted a train.
I got a train.
I wanted a teddy.
I got a teddy.
I wanted a cuddle.
I got a cuddle.
I wanted a bottle.
I got a bottle.
I wanted ice cream.
I got ice cream.
I wanted a cat.
I got a cat.
I am SO lucky.

Playing with Words
Hot
Dog
Hot dog
Cup
Cake
Cupcake
Foot
Ball
Football
Cow
Boy
Cowboy
Rain
Bow
Rainbow
Tooth
Brush
Toothbrush
Door
Bell
Doorbell

My B Book
B is for ball.
B is for bat.
B is for bear.
B is for bridge.
B is for bird.
B is for boat.
B is for boy.
B is for bag.
B is for bubble.
B is for balloon.

Meet Violet
Violet is another name for the color purple.
There are purple flowers called violets.
The mountains look violet at sunset.
The sky can be violet, too.
I like to wear violet clothes.
Come to my violet house.
We can eat purple grapes.
We can watch butterflies land on lilacs.
We can pick lavenders in the garden.
We can pick eggplants in the garden.
We can eat violet cupcakes.
THE END

Going West
We are on the river.
We are getting logs.
We are getting mules.
We are getting wheat.
We are on the wagon.
We are stacking wheat.
We are on the prairie.
We are carting wheat.
We are dead.

2008 Olympics
Hello Jing Jing.
Flag of China.
Support your team.
Flag of the Olympics.
Swimming Splash Splash.
Basketball Jump Jump Jump.
Horse Riding Get ready to jump.
Javelin.
Running Ready Set Go!
Running Go Go Go.
Put on your shoes.
Hurdles Jump Jump Jump.

Raining
It is raining today.
I like walking in the rain.
I like to go on a boat when it is raining.
When it rains heavily, it hails.
When it rains, some leaves fall off the trees.
When it rains really bad, it can be cold.
When it rains, the sky is black.

Airplanes
I like planes.
My daddy flies Lufthansa.
There is a plane taking off.
There is a Delta plane that just landed.
I rode on that airline before.  It's called Northwest.

Big Boys Don't Cry
Big boys don't cry,
but tiny babies do.
Big boys don't cry,
but little girls do.
Big boys don't cry,
but young boys do.
Big boys don't cry,
but big girls do.
Big boys don't...
Oh, yes,
they do.
And that's okay.

Chavez  Likes
Chavez likes rice.
Chavez likes spinning tops.
Chavez likes rice crackers.
Chavez likes climbing.
Chavez likes swinging.
Chavez likes puffed rice.
Chavez likes swimming.

The Wildlife Park
Here is the Wildlife Park.
Here is the kangaroo.
Here is the kookaburra.
Here is the koala.
Here is the cockatoo.
Here is the quoll.
Here is Buster the snake!

Holidays
movies
art gallery
sci-tech
park
legos
computer
shopping
supermarket
riding a bike
playing with toys
walk the dog
play station

Basketball
You will need a basketball.
You will need sneakers.
You will need a net.
Basketball is a team sport.
Sometimes you dribble the ball.
Sometimes you shoot the ball.
The goal is to get it in the net.
You can help your team score some points.

Trucks
Trucks
Some trucks are old.
Some trucks are new.
Some trucks are red.
And some trucks are blue.
There are fire trucks,
and petrol trucks.
Some are big.
Some are small.
So many trucks,
I love them all!

Ships by Alex P.
Ships sail on the water.
Ships are fast.
Ships have bows.
Ships have propeller tubes.
Ships are huge.

Dragons at Night
This dragon looks like metal.
This dragon looks like it's in a parade.
This dragon looks like a painting.
This dragon looks like a statue.
This dragon is blue and it has horns.
This dragon is breathing fire.
This dragon is called a komodo dragon.

My Thursday
breakfast
off to school
school time
gym
swimming
lunchtime
handwriting class
time to go home!

My Birthday Party
The cupcake is pink.
The cupcake is chocolate.
The cupcake is yummy.
The cupcake is creamy.
I am ready for my party.

Cakes, Cakes, Cakes
This is a pink cake.
This is an orange cake.
This is a blue cake.
This is a green cake.
But I like chocolate cake.

Time in a Bottle
Time is in many places.
If you had time in a bottle, what would you do with it?
Would you look at a funny picture?
Would you see time in your eye?
Would you change the past?
Would you jump in with it?  Don't get bottled!

The Olympics 2008
The Olympics started on Friday night at 7:30.
The puppies won medals for swimming!
The puppies also won medals for golf.
This is the Eagles Nest at the Olympics.
This is China on the other side of the world in the morning.
At night,  the fireworks begin!!

What We Do at School
What do we do at school?
We color at school.
There are many crayons at school.
We build at school.
We have many blocks at school.

Trains
Thomas is a blue train.
This train is also blue.
Trains run on tracks.
This is a train in the snow.
I love trains.

Garth Brooks
The Garth Brooks Book
Garth Brooks sings alone.
He sings with Trisha Yearwood.
He sings, "No Fences."
He sings, "Sevens."
He sings, "Roping the Wind."
He sings, "One."
He sings, "Two."
He sings songs for me and you.

Go Melbourne Storm!
They can jump.
They can kick.
They can push.
They can run.
They can catch.
They can cheer.
Go Melbourne Storm!

We Like Each Other
We Like Each Other
He likes her.
She likes him.
They like each other.
He likes her.
She likes him.
They like each other.
He likes her.
She likes him.
They like each other.
But he doesn't like her.
And she doesn't like him.
They just don't like each other.

Sports Day
Friday is Sports Day.
There will be running races.
There will be relays.
I may run in a race.
I may join in a team sport.
Some students will get ribbons and medals.
I will have a fun day.

I Can. Can you?
I can point. Can you?
I can sing. Can you?
I can draw. Can you?
I can smile. Can you?
I can swing. Can you?
I can jump. Can you?
I can work. Can you?

I Like Movies
I like to watch, "Alien vs. Predator."
I like to watch, "Venomous."
I like to watch, "The Hulk."
I like to watch, "Batman."
I like to watch, "Transformers."
I like to watch, "Dragon Wars."
I like to watch, "Snakes on a Plane."

Wild Animals
This is a giraffe. It has a very long neck.
This is a koala bear. They live in Australia.
This is a raccoon. They are mammals from North America.
This is a black panther.
This is a wild boar.  Some live in the Forest of Dean!
These are elephants.  They are the largest land animal.
This is a monkey.
This is a crocodile.  They are aquatic reptiles.
This is an adder.  It is Britain's only poisonous snake.
This is a golden eagle.  Their average wingspan is 7 feet.
This is an okapi.  It is a relative of the giraffe and lives in the rain forest of the Congo.
This is a hammerhead shark. They are a protected species.
This is the clown fish.  They are found in the warm waters of the Indian and Pacific oceans.
There are all kinds of wild animals all over the world.

AJ's trains
AJ loves train tracks.
AJ loves the clock.
AJ loves old trains.
Watch out!

Cats can ....
Cats can keep clean.
Cats can stretch.
Cats can climb.
Cats can yawn
Cats can run when they want to.
Cats can jump.
Cats can use computers to keep warm!
Cats can keep cool.
Cats can read. Are you sure?
Cats can drive! Oh Really?
Cats can stare.

The Letter F
F is for fish.
F is for football.
F is for feet.
F is for fun.
F is for firefighter.
F is for fire truck.
F is for fishing.
F is for flag.
F is for fireworks.
F is for food.
F is for friends.

School Buses
This is my school bus. I love it. It is a coaster bus.
These are school buses from America.
Here are some kids getting on their school bus.
These buses have stop signs  for safety. In Australia, we have different signs on our school buses.
At night they are locked in the gate, like in this picture.

O Words
O is for oranges.
O is for ostrich.
O is for octopus.
O is for olives.
O is for Oprah.
O is for ocean.
O is for oatmeal cookies.
O is for Obama.
O is for oar.
O is for ogre.

What You Might See in Washington, D.C.
You might see the White House.
You might see the Washington Monument.
You might see the Lincoln Memorial.
You might see the U.S. Capitol.
You might see the Vietnam War Memorial.
You might see the Jefferson Memorial.
You might see President Kennedy's grave site.
You might see the Tomb of the Unknown Soldiers.
You might see the National Cathedral.
You might see the National Zoo.
You might see the National Archives.
You might see the Library of Congress.
You might see the Korean War Memorial.
You might see the World War II Memorial.

Kittens Everywhere!
A tiny kitten
playful kittens
A sleepy kitten
A bashful kitten
overhead kittens
snuggly kittens.
another sleepy kitten
a curious kitten
a wobbly kitten
Yet another sleepy kitten!
an outdoor kitten
a brave kitten.
a thirsty kitten
A contented kitten
Who, me?

Voting
Why should I vote when I'm old enough?
Because your opinion is important.
Because there are causes you care about.
Because there are candidates you support--or not.
On election day, you go to a polling place.
There might be a line to vote.
Or there might not be a line to vote.
You might see a lot of campaign signs outside.
The ballot is a list of names and questions for you to vote on.
You fill out the ballot in private.
The ballot goes into a ballot box.
Poll workers can help you if you need help.
And they give you a sticker when you're done.

There is Nothing to Do!
What can I do?
I can go for a swim.
I can play a game.
I can watch a DVD.
I can visit a friend.
I can go bowling.
I can watch TV.
I can go for a walk.
I can watch  sport.
I can fly a kite.
I can go online.
Tar Heel Readers are the best!

Ice Cream
Everybody loves ice cream!
It looks like this guy has a sweet tooth! Look out ice cream truck!
Ice cream comes in different flavors like chocolate.  This is my favorite.
This is a brownie ice cream sundae. Yum!
People also like strawberry ice cream.
This one looks like an ice cream cupcake.
Some flavors are vanilla with orange, like this one.
Some people will dream of ice cream in their sleep!

Summer
We like to go to the beach.
We like to swim.
We like to eat ice cream.
We like to build sandcastles.
We like to watch fireworks.
We like summer.

Animal ABCs
by Ms. Beaty's Class
A is for ant.
B is for boa constrictor.
C is for cow.
D is for dog.
E is for elephant.
F is for fish.
G is for giraffe.
H is for horse.
I is for iguana.
J is for jaguar.
K is for kangaroo.
L is for lion.
M is for monkey.
N is for newt.
O is for orangutan.
P is for pelican.
Q is for quail.
R is for rabbit.
S is for snake.
T is for turtle.
U is for unicorn.
V is for vampire bat.
W is for whale.
X is for x-ray fish.
Y is for yak.
Z is for zebra.

braedon
This is tact.
This is trust.
This is service.
This is joy fulness.
This is trust.
This is purpose fulness.
This is  my cat is helping me.
Showing is me doing self displine.
This is the cat showing  courage.
This is gentleness.
The mum loves her baby.
This is unity.

Counting Cars
One car
Two cars
Three cars
Four cars
Five cars
Six cars
How many cars?

Different Cats
Some cats are different
Some cats are clean
Some cats are smart
Some cats are silly
Some cats can fly
Some cats can walk
Some cats give baby kisses
Some cats play hide and seek
Some cats say their prayers
Sweet dreams.

I Love Football!
I love football!
The football players wait on the sidelines.
The cheerleaders cheer.
The player looks for the ball.
The quarterback calls the play.
It's almost a touchdown.
It's going to be a tackle.
The player throws the ball.
Players run fast.
Some players are big!
The ball waits to be kicked.
It's going to be a long throw.
Everybody loves football!

Our C book
C
C is for cookie.
C is for coat
C is for Mr. Carter.
C is for candy
C is for chicken
C is for Mr. Coble
C is for car
C is for cupcake
C is for Mrs. Cooper
C is for cat
C is for cloud
C

Look Who Rides the School Bus!
Here is our school bus. Come and meet the kids who ride it.
This is Lisa and Oliver. Lisa loves the bus. Oliver loves music.
This is Hannah. She likes to play netball on Saturdays.
This is Lucy. She loves her friends.
This is James. He loves the bus.
This is Olivia. She likes the swings.
This is the school building. The end.

Animal Colors
Animals come in many colors.
This frog is red.
This dog is black.
This lamb is white.
This squirrel is brown.
This butterfly is blue.
This fish is yellow.
This bird is green.
What color do you like best?

How Many?
Here are three desserts.
That is one flower.
This plant has four leaves.
Two birds are on the tree.
I see six eggs for breakfast.
Five people are waiting for the bus.

Jungle Book
I like the Jungle Book.
See Bagheera.
The snake is Kaa.
Here is Baloo and a monkey.
That is Tiger Shere Khan.

Vacation
Where do you want to go for vacation?
Do you want to go to the beach?
Do you want to go to the mountains?
Do you want to go to the city?
Do you want to go to the theme park?
Do you want to go to the water park?
Do you want to go to the sporting event?
Do you want to go to Europe?
Do you want to go to Asia?
Do you want to go to South America?
Hurry up and pick or we're staying at home!

Brutus by Justin
Brutus is wearing a red and white robe.
Brutus has a graduation gown on.
Brutus is wearing a spacesuit.
Brutus is at the Buckeye game.
Brutus looks like he is dressed for Halloween.

The Solar System
The Earth and other planets revolve around the sun.
These are the planets in our solar system.
Some are much bigger than Earth; some are smaller.
The black speck is Mercury, seen against the sun.
The white speck is Venus, seen at night near the moon.
Earth is the only planet where people live.
There is ice on Mars, but it's too cold for water.
Jupiter is the largest planet, with massive storms.
Saturn is famous for its rings.
The moons of Uranus are named for characters in Shakespeare's plays.
Neptune, a blue-green planet, is named for the Roman god of the sea.
Pluto is small and far away--not even counted as a planet these days.
We are family of planets, around one star.

Shoes
A shoe can be red.
A shoe can be orange.
A shoe can be yellow.
A shoe can be green.
A shoe can be blue.
A shoe can be purple.
A shoe can be pink.
A shoe can be brown.
A shoe can be black.
A shoe can be white.
What color are your shoes?

My Alarm Clock
When my alarm goes off...
I have to brush my hair.
I have to brush my teeth.
I have to change my clothes.
I have to eat breakfast.
I have to make my bed.
I have to get my books.
I have to get my lunch.
I have to put on my shoes.
I have to go to class. Yuck.

Beards!
There are all kinds of beards!
Some beards are white.
Some beards are black.
Some beards are long.
Some beards are short.
Some beards are full.
Some beards are not.
Some beards are simple.
Some beards are complex.
Some beards are funny.
Some beards are fun.
All kinds of people have beards!
Pirates have beards.
Generals have beards.
Scholars have beards.
Warriors have beards.
Wizards have beards.
Cowboys have beards.
Even Santa Claus has a beard!
But girls should not have beards!

One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish!
One fish, two fish, red fish, blue fish!
One fish,
two fish,
red fish,
blue fish!

Birds2
Bird on a house,
bird on the sea.
Bird in the sky,
bird in a tree.
Fly to the house,
fly to the sea.
Fly in the sky,
fly to me.
Birds at night,
birds on a wire.
Birds in the snow,
birds in the "fire."
Birds below,
birds above.
Birds as art,
birds in LOVE!

Calligraphy
Calligraphy is the art of beautiful handwriting.
Some writing is so beautiful, it becomes art.
Beautiful writing is used for special occasions.
Some writing is beautiful, but hard to read.
A calligrapher uses special tools.
A dish of ink and brushes in different sizes.
Fine paper and a smooth surface.
A collection of pens for writing beautifully.
Beautiful writing takes a lot of time.
Beautiful writing takes a lot of practice.
All over the world...
...people learn to write beautifully.

Dog Antics
I sure miss you.
The best part of my day is thinking about you.
I told you I'd find your sock.
Please take me out for a Timmies.
Just try and stop me.
You think your school photo is nice?
Nope, I'm not moving over.
Please, may I have a treat?
In your face!
Really, is my breath that bad?
You want us to what?
Bet you can't do this!
We love our bath.
I'm just hanging out with my buddy.
Can't catch me!
Frisky in action!
I'm all ears.
I'm cute.
What a day!

America's Symbols
The United States of America has many symbols.
The Stars and Stripes flag is an American symbol.
The White House, where the President lives, is an American symbol.
The Bald Eagle, our country's national bird, is an American symbol.
The Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is an American symbol.
Mount Rushmore, a rock sculpture of four presidents, is an American symbol.
The Great Seal, the emblem of our country, is an American symbol.
Uncle Sam, a man that represents our country, is an American symbol.
The Lincoln Memorial, a statue of President Abraham Lincoln, is an American symbol.
America has many symbols of freedom, justice and courage.  Cheer for America!

What Lives in the Jungle?
The jungle is a beautiful place.
Many animals live in the jungle.
Monkeys live in the jungle.
Gorillas live in the jungle.
Tigers live in the jungle.
Rhinos live in the jungle.
Elephants live in the jungle.
Macaws live in the jungle.
Sloths live in the jungle.
Snakes live in the jungle.
Frogs live in the jungle.
Lemurs live in the jungle.
Could you live in the jungle?

Animal Homes (From Guess the covered word 1st Grade)
Animal Homes
Birds live in...
nests.
A turtle lives in a...
shell.
Hamsters live in a...
cage.
Goldfish live in a...
bowl.
Sharks live in the...
ocean.
Dogs live in a...
dog house.
Snakes live in...
holes.
The End

Science
There are many types of science.
Zoology is a type of science.
Biology is a type of science.
Chemistry is a type of science.
Geology is a type of science.
Ecology is a type of science.
Botany is a type of science.
Archeology is a type of science.
Science can be fun!

Dogs
The dog is swinging.
The dog is running.
The dog is swimming.
The dog is drinking.
The dog is sleeping. Good night!

What needs water?
What needs water?
The Beach needs water.
People need water.
Flowers need water.
Pets need water.
Storms need water.
The desert needs water. Ooops. Too bad, it doesn't get any!

Dorm Life
When you move into a dorm, things change.
You have to learn to share.
Sometimes, you have to wait in line for the bathroom.
You will not have as much space.
You have to be around peers all the time.
You meet new people all the time.
There are no more parents.
You have to remember to study and...
not to go to TOO many parties!

Justice League America
This is Superman.
This is Batman.
This is Wonder Woman.
This is Green Lantern.
This is Flash.
This is Martian Manhunter.
This is Hawkgirl.
This is Justice League America.

Zip Goes to the Pumpkin Patch
Zip goes to the Pumpkin Patch.
Zip's class is going to the pumpkin patch.
Zip wants to pick pumpkins.
Zip wants to pick two little pumpkins,
and one BIG pumpkin.
He eats a slice of pumpkin pie.
Then, his class gets on the school bus.
They go back to school.

Jack and Jill
Jack and Jill went up the hill,
to fetch a pail of water.
Jack fell down and broke his crown,
and Jill came tumbling after.
Up Jack got and home did trot,
as fast as he could caper.
He went to bed and covered his head,
in vinegar and brown paper.

Friday Night
Every high schooler loves Friday night.
We can go out to eat.
We can go to a football game.
We can go to the movies.
We can go to a concert.
We can go to a bonfire.
We can go to a club.
And then on Saturday, we can sleep in!

Sports
Written by: Steven, Spencer, Nate, and Kelcy
Spencer likes swimming.
Steven likes wrestling.
Nate likes basketball.
Kelcy likes trampoline.
Sports are fun!

Apples
We're learning about apples!
Apples are red, green, yellow, and sometimes all three colors together.
Here are some apples that are red and green.
Apples are shiny, smooth, and round.
Apples grow on trees.
Inside apples are seeds.
We chopped up some apples and made applesauce.
We cooked our applesauce with cinnamon.
You can also buy applesauce at the store.
I liked our homemade applesauce the best. Yum!
Maybe we can make apple pie next.
Apple pie a la mode means with ice cream. That is how I like my apple pie!
How do you like your apples?

Crazy Chickens!
This is nugget.
He is very friendly,
but he likes to crow A LOT.
These two are fighting!
Oh no these are rubber!
AAAAHHHH!
I'm having a bad hair day.
Berrr why is it so cold out here?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
...because there were chicks on the other side.
HA HA HA!
beware...
da da da da
AAAAHHHH!
huh.
What I'm just a turken,
a what?
Have you seen this chicken?
These chicks had a food coloring injected into them.
...so have these.
AAAAHHHH!
The End.
: )

The Am Book
Pam likes spam.
I am a ram.
Adam has ham.
Can I have jam?
I am Sam.
This is a yam.
It's a grand slam!
The boy and the dog scram.
This mam is Pam.
I need to cram for this exam.
I feel like 1 gram.
The truck is a scam.

School
I have to go to school.
School is fun.
There are other kids there.
There has to be group time.
No kids are allowed in the staff room, only teachers.
This kid's not in the staff room.

Apples!
Apples!
There is a fruit that grows on trees and apple is it's name oh!
A P P L E and apple is it's name oh.
In summer and in early fall It's time to pick an apple!
A P P L E and apple is it's name oh.
It may be sweet or may be tart, It's red, or green, or yellow!
A P P L E and apple is it's name oh.
Make applesauce or apple juice Or apple pie with apples!
A P P L E and apple is it's name oh.

Our E Book
Ee
E is for elephant.
E is for eye.
E is for Earth.
E is for Mrs. Eatmon.
E is for elk.
E is for eight.
E is for elbow.
E is for elf.
E is for Mr. Eden.
E is for eagle.
E is for ear.
E is for egg.
e is for eggplant.
Ee

Plant a Garden
Would you like to plant a garden?
First, you must have seeds.
Next, you must have dirt.
You also need water...
and sunlight.
Now you are ready to plant!
Put the seeds in the dirt.
Then water the seed in the dirt.
Let the garden get sunlight.
Wait for it to grow.
After a while, you will have a beautiful garden!

THE SWARM!
The bugs are coming...
they're coming soon...
coming closer...
and now they're here.
HA HA HA!
Help he stung me!
SLURP!
Poor old gorge but at least we're safe up he're.
They're coming up!
Fred you've got to get out of here.
push AAAAHHHH
ouch
buzz
SLURP!
Yummy, yummy, yummy. I've got blood in my tummy.
Yum! That's good stuff.
Hey guys I think the maggots are here.
HA HA HA!
Dig dig dig!
Now eat all their food!
AAAAHHHH!
the end

Princess  Fun
You're cute.
What a play!
Happy birthday.
These are cute kids.
I'm seven years old.
Look at the princesses.
I'm dancing.
I'm sleeping beauty.
I like barbie dolls.
My name is Maya.
I'm a little princess.

Red
Some apples are red.
Some doors are red.
Some hair is red.
Some shoes are red.
Some flowers are red.
Some lips are red.
Strawberries are red.
Some lollies are red.

Kim's Favorite Things to Do
Kim's Favorite Things to Do
walking on the beach
eating pizza
tasting sweets
playing soccer
seeing family
hugging my dogs
decorating for the fall
shopping

Braedon's Favourite Pokemon
My favorite game is Pokemon.
This is all about Pokemon.
This is Pikachu.
This is a Poke ball.
These are Pokemon trainers.
These Pokemon are joining up.
This is Dorgen.
This is a tattoo of the Poke ball.
This is Charizard.
This is Vulpix.
This is Meowth and his friends.
This is Charmander and Piachu.
This is a thunder Pokemon.
This is a water Pokemon.

My Head
My Head
My head has hair.
My head has eyes.
My head has a nose.
My head has ears.
My head has a mouth.
I LOVE MY HEAD!

Bats
Bats are large.
Bats are tiny.
Bats eat fruit and bugs.
Bats are furry.
Bats hang upside down.
Bats can fly.
Bats have wings.
Are bats scary?

At the Zoo
I see a tiger at the zoo.
I see a giraffe at the zoo.
I see a snake at the zoo.
I see an elephant at the zoo.
I see a polar bear at the zoo.
I see a zebra at the zoo.
I see smiling kids at the zoo!

Halloween Fun!
Here are some ghosts ready for Halloween fun.
Here is a spider ready for Halloween fun.
Here is a black cat ready for Halloween fun.
Here is a jack-o-lantern ready for Halloween fun.
Here is a monster ready for Halloween fun.
Here is a witch ready for Halloween fun.
Here is some candy ready to be eaten by me!

Growing Pumpkins
You would need lots of seeds to grow this many pumpkins.
These are giant pumpkins that grow on a vine.
Pumpkins all start from a seed. Most of them grow bigger than this one.
Some farmers grow this type of pumpkin to enter into shows.
This is a big field of pumpkins. We haven't got enough room to plant this many at school.
This looks like another field of pumpkins.
These are all different types of pumpkins.
These are another lot of pumpkins. They're all different kinds.
This looks good enough to be on the cover of a book.
I didn't know that pumpkins came in all these shapes and sizes.
They are all big pumpkins in a crate at the show.
That's cute little baby in a pumpkin.
This must have taken a lot of work. This is cute and the end of my story.

At the Beach
Look at the crab at the beach.
Look at the starfish at the beach.
Look at the shell at the beach.
Look at the jellyfish at the beach.
Look at the pelican at the beach.
Look at the seagull at the beach.
Look at the waves at the beach.
Look at the seaweed at the beach.

Animals Eat Plants
What do animals eat?
What do cows eat?
Cows eat corn.
What do pigs eat?
Pigs eat figs.
What do goats eat?
Goats eat oats.
What do lambs eat?
Lambs eat yams.
What do horses eat?
Horses eat hay of course!

Pets
This pet can swim.
This pet can hop.
This pet can climb.
This pet can dig.
This pet can fly.
This pet can run.
This pet can sit, too.

Jack-O-Lanterns
Jack-O-Lanterns
happy jack-o-lantern
Sad jack-o-lanterns
scary jack-o-lantern
sunny jack-o-lantern
The End

Colours.
A blue ball.
A red ball.
A yellow ball.
A green ball.
Blue flowers.
Red flowers.
Yellow flowers.
Green flowers.
Blue shoes.
Red shoes.
Yellow shoes.
Green shoes.
A blue crayon.
A red crayon.
A yellow crayon.
A green crayon.

The Red Bull Air Race
This is a can of Red Bull.
This is the Red Bull air race.
We watch the Red Bull air race at the Swan River.
In the morning, we wait with our class.
The bus takes us to South Perth.
Who will drive? Mr Sugars?
We will see the planes.
We will hear the planes.
We will smell the planes.
And we will feel the planes go past.
We might see the Bell Tower.
We might take some photos.
Don't worry, they won't crash!
We might see a black swan.
We might play some cricket!
We might play soccer.
We might play on the play equipment!
Don't forget to bring money for the sausage sizzle.
It's fun watching the planes.
But at the end of the day we will be tired.
And dream of planes.

A Season Of Pumpkins
I see pumpkins.
Small pumpkins
Colorful pumpkins
Scary pumpkins
Rows of pumpkins
Paper pumpkins
Sparkly pumpkins
Pumpkins just for me!

Farm Life
I live on a farm. Let's go and visit.
I see a cat.
I see a cow.
I see a dog.
I see a squirrel.
I see a chicken.
I see a goat.
I see a pony.
I see a rabbit.
I see a flower.
I see a barn.
It is time to go home.

Teamwork
We can do it.
If we work together.
A little bit at a time.
We can accomplish anything.
If we never give up.
Against all odds.
We will succeed!

The Colors of Fall
Red leaves.
Orange leaves.
Yellow leaves.
Brown leaves.
Green leaves.
Purple petals.
Grey skies.
These are the colors I see.

Naked
This baby is naked.
You can be naked in the bathroom.
You can be naked in the toilet.
You can be naked when your getting dressed.
you can be naked in the bedroom.
You can not be naked in the kitchen.
You cannot be naked when your reading a book.
You cannot be naked when your shopping.
You cannot be naked on the swing.
You cannot be naked in the pool.
You must wear bathers in the pool.

Going to the Theatre
I am going to the theatre.
I think there will be some dancing.
I am going with some of my friends.
We are going to see Mamma Mia.
I think there will be some singing.
I think there will be some good music.
I think Mamma Mia will be great!

Pumpkins for All
Pumpkins come in all shapes and sizes.
Pumpkins come in different colors, too.
A lot of pumpkins are carved for Halloween.
Pumpkins can also be used to decorate during fall.
Candy is sometimes made to look like pumpkins.
My favorite thing to do with pumpkins is to make a pie!

Look! A...
Look! A dinosaur.
Look! A ball.
Look! A car.
Look! A swing.
Look! A bubble.
Look! Markers.
Look! A baby.
Look! A shoe.
Look! A balloon.

How To Make a Bird Feeder
"How To Make a Bird Feeder," by Miss Folino's class
First, get some pine cones.
Then, spread the peanut butter on the pine cone.
Next, roll the sticky pine cone in the
seeds.
Finally, tie a ribbon around the pine cone.
Now you have a pine cone bird feeder!
Hang the feeder on a tree.
Watch the birds come eat!
The end

Hair
Everyone has hair.
Hair styles change.
Look at all the different styles.
Which one looks best?
Hair can get wet.
Hair can get dirty.
Hair can look funny.
Hair can look scarey.
Is this what your hair looks like?

Gracie's ABCs
A is for apple.
B is for banana.
C is for cookies.
D is for donuts.
E is for eggs.
F is for fish
G is for gum.
H is for hamburger.
I is for ice cream.
J is for juice.
K is for kiwi.
L is for lettuce.
M is for marshmallow.
N is for nut.
O is for orange.
P is for pizza.
Q is for quiche.
R is for rice.
S is for soup.
T is for taco.
U is for upside down cake.
V is for vegetables.
W is for watermelon.
Y is for yogurt.
Z is for zucchini.

Our First Black President
This is Barack Obama.
He is the 44th President of the United States.
This is Michelle Obama. She is the First Lady.
This is the First Family.
This is the President and Vice President.
Meet the Obamas and the Bidens.
Barack Obama and his family live in the White House.
This is the United States of America.

Kitties
Kitties playing
Kitties fighting
Kitty hiding
Kitties eating
Kitty jumping
Kitty peeking
Kitties cuddling
Kitty kissing
Kitty giving high  five!
Kitty sitting
Night, night kitty!

Bryant's Book of Letters A to L
A is for airplane
B is for boat
C is for clap
d is for dance
e is eat
f is for friend
g is for grumpy goat
h is horse
I is for Icky
J is for jumping
K is for knock
L is for love

Mission: LEGO
The astronauts come to space camp.
They work really hard.
Say cheese!
They get ready for the moon.
There it is.....................
MISSION SUCCESS!

Chris's Trains
Two trains are at the train station.
Two diesel trains are having a rest.
Both trains are going in opposite directions.
All the trains are parked.
The train is waiting to pick up passengers.
This train is going on a trip.
This train is going on a bridge.
This is a very colourful train.
This train has come from a trip.
This Train is on a trip and has stopped at a station.
This train is going through Snow Land.
These trains have parked at base.

alicia sport
This lady is spinning.
He is going fast.
It is hard to balance.
This lady is running.
She is playing soccer.
He is shooting hoops.
He is going to snow board.
This lady is digging.
They are fighting.

Colors
a rainbow
red sunset
blue ocean
green wall
yellow wall
orange flower
purple bubbles
There are so many colors in the rainbow!

BOYS
I see boys!!
The boy is sleeping.
The boy is blowing bubbles.
The boy is sad.
The boy is taking a picture.
The boys are wet.
The boys are happy.
The boy is diving into the water.
The boy is fishing.
BOYS!!

The boy is running
It's fun to run.
The sign shows running.
He can't catch me.
They can run fast.
Run, Santa, Run!
I love to run.
The End

Silver Sands School
We love our school.
The Seahorse is our mascot at Silver Sands School.
Our  colors are teal and white at Silver Sands School.
There is a seahorse in the office at Silver Sands School.
We have a sign at Silver Sands School.
We have a pool at Silver Sands School.
We have a playground at Silver Sands School.
We have swings at Silver Sands School.
We have a track at Silver Sands School.
We have a colorful room at Silver Sands School.
We have a Media Center at Silver Sands School.

Newfies
Some Newfies are black and white.
Some are brown.
Some are black.
They like to swim.
Some like cats.
Some save dummies.
Some like to ride in boats.
Some like sticks.
All Newfies like people.

Thailand a fast visit
Welcome to Thailand!
I hope you enjoyed your flight.
I ate the food on board.
I met some of the locals.
I met some of the animals.
I saw some of the temples.
I watched a sunset.
I went fishing.
I saw a Buddah.
And I had a ride.
Where to next? I wonder...

Eating at Restaurants
I love to eat at different restaurants.
I love to eat Mexican food.
I love to eat Greek food.
I love to eat Asian food.
I love to eat Indian food.
I love to eat Italian food.
The waitresses are always so nice.
I eat all the food I order...
especially my dessert!

Your Plane Trip
Do you need to fly to another city?
First, you need to buy a ticket.
Then pack your suitcase.
Be sure to put a name tag on your suitcase.
Get to the airport way ahead of the flight.
Find the right terminal for your flight.
Check in at the ticket counter.
The airline will add a sticker to your suitcase.
Look for the monitors to find information.
You might need to go down many hallways.
You might need to wait at the boarding gate.
Find your seat on the plane.
Fasten your seat belt!
Listen to the flight attendant.
You can bring a laptop on the plane.
On some planes, you get drinks and snacks.
Look out the window, see what is below.
Soon, you will feel the plane landing.
Go to baggage claim for your suitcase.
Get a cart if you have a lot of luggage!

Going Out to Eat
I like to go out to eat.
I can order a cheeseburger.
I can order a pizza.
I can order a sandwich.
I can order French fries with ketchup.
I can order onion rings.
I can order a salad.
I can order a baked potato with cheese.
I can order a chocolate milkshake.
I can order a Coke.
What should I order?

What will you do on the weekend?
What will you do on the weekend?
I will sleep in.
I will ride my bike.
I will play with my dog.
I will play on the computer.
I will watch TV.

Xylophones for Logan
I LOVE to play xylophones.
Some come in bright colors.
A little girl plays.
A tall man plays.
A wooden xylophone.
Some are made of wood, some are colored.
You play with mallets.
Little boy with a
big xylophone.
There are many bars on the big xylophone.
A man plays on the street.
Men sit on the floor to play.
It's fun to play with friends.
People in a band  play outdoors.
People everywhere play.
A band rests from playing.
When I hit the bars the sound is pretty.
Band instruments ready to play.
Kids must play together.
A xylophone in a bedroom to practice on.
Xylophones have notes just like pianos.
Some girls like to sing with the xylophone.
It's hard work to hold the mallets sometimes.
Practicing is important to him.
She loves the xylophone just like me!

Sponge Bob Square Pants
Sponge Bob is yellow.
Sponge Bob is square.
Sponge Bob is round?
Sponge Bob is hiding.
Sponge Bob has friends.
Sponge Bob plays with his friends.
Sponge Bob lives in the ocean.
Sponge Bob lives in a pineapple.
Sponge Bob makes crabby patties.
Sponge Bob Rocks!

LAS AVENTURAS DE BOLICHE Y RUDOLF
Éste es Boliche, el extraterrestre.
Y éste se Rudolf, su amigo.
Un día, un hombre lo secuestró.
Y se lo llevó a una isla sobrenatural y desierta.
Boliche fue con su nave a rescatarlo.
¡Y lo rescató! FIN

Faces
I like faces.
Baby faces.
Old face,
and another old face.
Happy faces.
Angry faces.
Sad faces.
Men
and women.
Surprised faces.
Many, many faces.

Contrasting word pairs -/g/ /k/
goat
coat
girl
curl
guard
card
gold
cold
bag
back
dug
duck
pig
wig
pick
wick
glass
class

The star wars clone wars
We are your help.
A Robot world.
Hello I am Mr Fire.
Stop picking on the little ones.
The rocket is blue and white

/p/ release
ape
cap
cup
map
rope
soup
tap
sleep
step
chop
clap
mop
hop

Michael Loves Paperclips
Look at all these colored paperclips.
These look like a dandelion.
Wow! Red paperclips.
More and more paperclips.
Here's my favorite--striped paperclips.
Sometimes I am sad when I don't have any paperclips.
Ooh. Here are some x-rays of paperclips.
I LOVE paperclips!!!

Lizzie's Wish
There was once a far away land where only little dolls lived.
It was almost Christmas and Lizzie, the doll, sat having dinner all by herself. Something was missing in her life, like maybe a little puppy.
Now, her friend knew all about Lizzie's secret wish. So Erica called their friend Tanya and told her all about poor Lizzie's Christmas wish.
Tanya knew exactly what to do. She went to the puppy store and bought Lizzie a dog. On Christmas morning, Lizzie ran down the stairs and there under the tree was a beautiful white puppy. Lizzie was very happy.
The puppy just stared up at her. Lizzie was so happy,she started to cry and the dog began to bark. It was total chaos.
Now Lizzie has her very own puppy to keep her company.

Hank Aaron
Hank Aaron is famous.
He played for the Atlanta Braves.
Hank hit his 715th home run here.
Hank Aaron was a  batter.
Hank Aaron's  total is 755 home runs.
People were cheering for Hank Aaron.
Hank Aaron hit his last home run here.
Hank Aaron is 73 years old.

On the Christmas Tree...
I like to see the Christmas tree.
On the Christmas tree, I like to see ornaments.
I like to see lights.
I like to see stars.
I like to see angels.
I like to see ribbon.
I like to see Santa Claus.
I like to see bubble lights.
I like to see snowmen.
I like to see candy canes.
I like to see garlands.
I like to see reindeer.
I don't like to see broken ornaments fall off the tree!

Snow Animals
Animals like to play in the snow.
The wind is blowing the snow on the horses.
The dog is running in the snow.
The dog and the cat are walking with each other in the snow.
The horses are running in a line in the snow.
The rabbit is sitting  by the wall to try to stay warm.
This animal is standing in the snow.
The red bird is sitting on the tree trying to eat.
The cat is walking through the snow.
The tiger is standing in the deep snow.
The deer are running through the snow.
The dog is trying to catch something.
The duck and babies are walking through the snow.
The tiger is taking a rest in the snow.

The Christmas Train
Late one night, we rode the Christmas train to see the giant Christmas tree.
We rode the train for a very long time.
We passed through a forest of Christmas trees with lights.
We even rode by a lake of Christmas lights!
We drank hot chocolate as we watched the lights.
The lights were getting brighter, and we knew we were close.
Then we saw the giant nutcracker. He was so tall!
Then we saw the giant Christmas tree. It was the tallest I've ever seen!

Hot and Cold
The refrigerator is cold.
The stove is hot.
Ice cream is cold.
Hot chocolate is hot.
Iced tea is cold.
Soup is hot.
Pudding is cold.
Cheese fries are hot.
Milk is cold.
Potatoes are hot.
Cool whip is cold.
Oatmeal is hot.
Slushies are cold.
Stew is hot.
Sundaes are cold.
Burritos are hot.
Lemonade is cold.
S'mores are hot.

The big book of SPIDERS!!!
The big book of SPIDERS!!!
A spider is looking around.
Spiders are crawling on someone's desk!
A spider is thrashing about.
It's a Black Widow...RUN!!!
Did this one just color his teeth?
A vine spider.
CREEPY!!
Another one? They don't stop!!!
Spider eggs.
A spider on a leaf.
Poisonous!!!
Spotted spider.
A spider is eating.
This one is sort of in a forest.
BIG SPIDERS!!!
AAAAHHHHH!!!!

Tea Party
This is Emily.
Her birthday is today!
She is having a tea party!
She is ready to drink tea.
Emily is excited to eat her cake.
Emily is very happy to see all of her friends.
Emily wants to open her presents now!
But what Emily is most excited about is...
getting a whole day to spend with her mommy!

Counting Fish
1 little...
2 little...
3 little fishes.
4 little...
5 little...
6 little fishes.
7 little...
8 little...
9 little fishes.
WOW! That's too many fish to count!

Outside in the Snow!
Outside in the snow...
I jump in the snow!
I make a snowman!
I go sledding!
I go ice skating!
I go downhill skiing!
I go snow tubing!
I love to play outside in the snow!

Snow
Snow is pretty at night.
People wear coats and gloves in snow.
Ice and snow are on the trees.
The tiger is in snow.
Snow can get deep.
Dogs and cats like snow.
Snow is pretty.
White animals can hide in snow.
The bird is in a snowy tree.
Snow men are happy.
Horses like to run in snow.
The deer licks snow from its nose.
This lady is cold.
Snow dogs have pretty eyes.
The sun shines on the snow.
It is fun to walk in the snow.

Planes
I like planes.
Planes fly high.
Planes fly into the sunset.
Planes fly above the clouds.
This plane is about to take off.
Some planes look crazy.
Planes fly everywhere.

Making an egg
First you get an egg.
Next you get a bowl and break the egg into the bowl.
Pour a little milk and salt into the bowl.
Now we stir them all together with a whisk.
Put butter into a pan and heat it up.
After that you dump the eggs into the pan.
Stir the eggs and cook them.
Last you eat them.

Policemen
Policemen help people.
Policemen keep the streets safe.
Policemen can be men or women.
Sometimes policemen wear helmets.
Policemen drive police cars.
Some policemen ride motorcycles.
Some policemen ride bikes.
Sometimes policemen ride horses.
Policemen have cool cars.
I would like to be a policeman.

Keys Open Things
Keys Open Things by Sam
Keys can unlock doors.
Keys can unlock cars.
Keys can start the car's motor.
Keys can open locks.
Keys can open treasure chests.
Keys can unlock vaults.
Keys CAN NOT unlock windows!

Colorful Mittens
Colorful Mittens
Tan Mittens
Blue Mittens
Brown Mittens
White Mittens
Bunny Mittens?
Green Mittens
Gray Mittens
Black Mittens
Purple Mittens

A Busy Saturday
I have a busy Saturday planned.
In the morning I will go bowling at the Alameda bowling alley with Special Olympics.
Then I'll go home and eat lunch.
In the afternoon, my mom and I are going to the city to see a play.
We will park our car near Lake Merritt Station...
...and ride BART.
I hope the weather is nice!

Carolina Panthers
Carolina Panthers
The Carolina Panthers are from Charlotte, NC.
This is Bank of America Stadium in Downtown Charlotte.
Players attend training camp in the summer.
Head Coach John Fox gets the players ready each week.
The crowd roars as the Panthers take the field.
There are some crazy fans!
When the Panthers take the field, they dominate!
Steve Smith is a star receiver.
Jake Delhomme is the quarterback.
Goooo Panthers!

Dragonball Z
Dragonball Z by Joseph
These three are saiyan, a powerful alien that is almost gone.
Goku is turning into Super- Saiyan 2, he has super powers.
He battles evil forces, in search of the Dragonballs.
Goku and Cell are about to battle.
Gokan is turning into a Super-Saiyan 3
Goku is my favorite Dragonball Z character.
Goku is the most powerful Saiyan in the universe.

Carmelo Anthony
Carmelo Anthony by Tevin
Carmello Anthony is a basketball player for the Denver Nuggets.
He dunks the basketball a lot.
Alan Iverson is on his team.
He can jump really high.
He played for the US Olympic team.
He is my favorite basketball player.
Carmelo Anthony helps his team win.

Ambulance
Ambulance by Brandon
If you ever get into a wreck,
the Ambulance might come to help you.
They make sure you're better,
And can give you a ride to the hospital.
If the hospital is far away,
sometimes they will fly you there.
Ambulances keep us safe.

Space Station
Space Station by Jonathan
These seven astronauts are ready for take off.
These astronauts are eating space food.
This is a map of the space station that shows the different parts.
This is the space shuttle docking with the space station.
The space station uses solar power.
Astronauts repair the outside of the space station.
The space station orbits around the earth.

A Horse of Course!
Horses eat hay.
Horses eat grass.
Horses drink water.
Horses have babies.
Horses need each other.
Horses run.
Horses go in the water.
People ride horses.
Horses lie down.
Horses jump.
Horses fight.
Horses buck.
Horses rear.
Horses whinny.
Horses pull buggies.
Horses pull sleighs.
Horses race.
What's my favorite animal? A horse of course!

Puppies
A puppy is very small when it is born.
Puppies grow fast!
Puppies like to play with kids.
Most puppies like water and sand.
When a puppy grows up it is a dog.

Three Little Kittens
The three little kittens
lost their mittens.
And they began to cry.
Oh mother dear, we sadly fear
our mittens we have lost.
What! Lost your mittens you naughty kittens.
Then you shall have no pie.
Mee-ow mee-ow, Mee-ow, Mee-ow. We shall have no pie.
The three little kittens
they found their mittens
and they began to cry.
Oh mother dear, see here! See here!
Our mittens we have found!
What! Found your mittens
you good little kittens. Then you shall have some pie.
Purr, purr, purr, purr. We shall have some pie.

Winter Snow
Winter snow is cold.
Winter snow is deep.
Winter snow is white.
Winter snow is quiet.
Winter snow is pretty.

Vanishing Point
There's the vanishing point!
Can you see it?
It's down this road.
The vanishing point is an illusion.
Far things look smaller than near things.
The canal looks like it fades into a point.
The tracks seem to converge into a point.
Now can you see the vanishing point?
Look down a long hall for the vanishing point.
Look down a long road for the vanishing point.
It's under the pier.
It's also at the end of the pier.

Cars
Cars, cars everywhere!
Yellow car,
green car,
blue car, too!
Red car,
purple car,
orange car, too!
Black car,
brown car,
white car, too!
Cars, cars everywhere!

Trains
This is a yellow train.
This is a green train.
This is a red train.
This is a Thomas train.

T-REX!!
T-Rex is a meat eater.
He eats other dinosaurs.
He has big teeth and a big tongue.
T-Rex can eat this plant eater.
T-Rex is big and strong.
T-Rex Bones!
T-Rex is my favorite!
T-Rex has a great big mouth to eat other dinosaurs!

The Letter A
This is the letter A.
Apple tree starts with A.
A is for Arm.
Ankle starts with A.
The month of April starts with A.
Ape is an animal that starts with A.
Animals start with A too!
All Done!

Big and Little
Big dog, little dog.
Big elephant, little elephant.
Big person, little person.
Big car, little car.
Big shoes, little shoes.
Big dolls, little dolls.
Big pumpkin, little pumpkin.
Big horse, little horse.
Big duck, little ducks.
Big rocks, little rocks.

Hermit Crabs are Cool!!
Our hermit crab's name is Bob.
Bob is awesome!!
He likes to crawl in grass.
He also likes water.

Frenchy's Favorite Things
I like to watch the drag races because you can feel all the power when they start their cars.
I like the marines because they are the best fighters.
I love music because it helps me think.
I love food 'cuz I have been eating it. my whole life
I love to go to Glamis 'cuz its one big party place.
I love to ride sand rails 'cuz they can go fast.
I love to paint ball because you can shoot people with out killing them.
I like Metal Mulisha because they have the best dirt bikers.
My favorite dog is a bull terrier because they are awesome.
I love to ride dirt bikes because it relaxes me.

Dr. Martin Luther King
Dr. Martin Luther King was an important African-American leader.
We celebrate a holiday to remember him. This day is the 3rd Monday in January.
He disagreed with the unfair laws to separate white and black people.
Dr. King gave speeches. He spoke before huge crowds of people.
He told them that he dreamed of a day that all people would be treated fairly.
Dr. King led people of all colors in marches. He helped many laws change.
After he died people remembered Dr. King and the things he did.
In 1986, Martin Luther King Jr. Day was first celebrated in the United States.
Today, many schools and offices are closed on this holiday.
We will celebrate his birthday every year.

Why Read?
Why read?
Reading helps you know what is going on around the world.
Reading helps you learn in school.
Reading is something you can share with friends.
Reading helps you pass time when you are waiting.
Reading is relaxing. You can do it anywhere.
You're never too young to read or look at a book.
There are so many books to read. Where will you start?
Fall in love with a good book. You'll want to read more.

A Good Storm
I like a good storm.
I think storms are beautiful.
I like storm clouds.
I like lightening.
I like how lightening can light up the sky.
I like how it can light up the water.
I like a good storm.
Until the rain comes.

Who is playing in the snow?
Who is making the snowman?
The girl is making the snowman.
Who is holding the snowball?
The boy is holding the snowball.
Who is making a snow angel?
The man is making a snow angel.
Who is sledding?
The mom and the boy are sledding.

The Bowling Tournament
I was in a bowling tournament on Saturday.
I bowled with Alameda Special Olympics.
My friend Michael and I bowled two games.
I came in first place.
Saturday was a good day.

I Like Birds
I like birds.
There are many different types of birds.
Some eagles have bald heads.
Parrots can talk to you.
Parrots and parakeets make good pets.
Some birds cannot fly.
An ostrich cannot fly.
Penguins cannot fly, but they do swim.
There are other birds that like to swim.
Swans are birds that like to swim.
Ducks are also birds that like to swim.
There are many different types of birds, but my favorite is the Cardinal.
What bird is your favorite?

Hot Summer Days
Hot Summer Days
In the summer, it is very hot outside.
Many families go to lakes and rivers to swim.
It is fun to eat ice cream on a hot day.
Children like to splash and play at water parks.
They also love to run through the sprinkler on hot summer days.
My friends and I like to play  in the garden hose. The water is cold.
I like to go to the beach and search for seashells.
Children love to go to the park and play on the swings.
My friends and I bike around the block.
I love going to my friend's house and swimming in her pool.
What do you like to do during hot summer days?

The Baseball Book
This is a baseball stadium.
They are singing the National Anthem before the game begins.
Some baseball games are played at night.
Some baseball games are played during the day.
The pitcher is on the mound.
The batter is hitting the ball.
The catcher is waiting for the ball.
The first baseman is trying to catch the ball.
He is running for home base.

The Giraffe from Africa
The Giraffe
The giraffe lives in Africa on the Savannah.
The African Savannah has grasslands.
The giraffe lives in a group called a herd.
The giraffe is the tallest animal on land.
He has brown spots.
The giraffe has horns on his head.
This purple sticky tongue helps the giraffe eat.
Here the giraffe eats leaves.
The giraffe has to bend very low to drink!
Boy giraffes are taller than girl giraffes.
Giraffes live in Africa and are very tall!.

The  Black  Cow  Rail  Race
The black cow rail race.
We watch the black cow rail race at the station.
In the morning, you will wait with your class.
The bus takes us to the station.
Who will drive? Miss Heriton?
We will see the trains.
We will hear the trains.
We will smell the trains.
And the trains will start at the starting line.
Don't worry. They won't go too fast.
The trains will win the black cow rail race.
Don't forget to bring money for the total railroad.
It's fun watching the trains.
But at the end of the day, You will stay home.
And talk about trains.

Bear's Day Out.
Bear loves to play in the snow.
Hooray, it's a cold and snowy day.
Bear wants to play outside. What does bear need to put on?
Here is bear's coat.
Put your coat on.
Uh oh, cold feet. What goes on bear's feet?
Here are bear's boots.
Put your boots on.
Uh oh, cold hands. What goes on bear's hands?
Here are bear's mittens.
Put your mittens on.
Uh oh, cold head. What goes on bear's head?
Here is bear's hat.
Put your hat on.
Hey bear, don't forget your scarf.
Bear is ready to play outside.
Have fun in the snow bear!

Emily Dances
You can do many things by dancing.
You can exercise by dancing.
Dancing can make you famous.
Dancing can make you strong.
Dancing is graceful.
Dancing is also fun.
Dancing can be fun for everyone!
You can dance at home.
You can dance at the park.
You can dance at dance class.
You can dance at the food court.
You can dance anywhere!

The Many Dances
I like dance. Dance is really fun.
Dancing recitals make me feel happy. They also make me a little nervous!
My favorite type of dance is jazz. I like to practice jazz.
Another type of dance is ballet. Ballet is very hard.
A dance move I like is called pirouette. The pirouette is very hard.
You also need dance shoes.
Dancing can make you tired. Drink lots of water!
There is also dance clothes. The costumes look really pretty.
Dancing is one of my favorite things to do.  I love dance.

Liza Likes Gymnastics
Gymnastics is Liza's favorite sport.
You can do flips.
It makes her happy.
It is really fast.
You can meet other people.
You wear cute outfits.
She likes to hang on the bars.
She likes to jump on the trampoline.
You can stand on your hands.
Gymnastics is a fun sport.
The End!!!!!!

Visions of Space
As I gaze above
I rejoice and embrace the
brilliance of the night sky.
How it feels, how it feels
adventurous delight.
How it feels, how it feels
out of time, out of tune
rewind and focus
our past comes back to play.
Rebirth, how it feels
songs from space
delight in the future, rejoice how it feels!

Snowball Fight
The boy has a huge snowball.
It was snowing snowballs out of the sky!
A guy is trying to block the snowball.
The boy was attacked by a flying snowball!
Ha, I got you!!
Oh yeah, well, there is 
nowhere to hide!!

Spaghetti Crazy
First, you cook ground beef.
Second, you get a pot and fill it with water.
Third, put the pot on the stove and boil the water.
Fourth, put the spaghetti noodles in the pot and cook them.
Fifth, you drain the water out of the noodles.
Sixth, put the noodles back into the pot, add spaghetti sauce, and ground beef.
Seventh, stir the spaghetti and make sure that it is done.
Last, serve the spaghetti and eat it.

Making Pizza
First, knead the dough.
Then, add the oil.
Sprinkle flour.
Add tomatoes.
Sprinkle cheese.
Put it in the oven.
Time to eat.

Schedule
Play with cars.
Read a book.
Listen to music.
Play Doh
Bean Bag
Fish

Winter Clothes
My mittens.
My hat.
My scarf.
My snow pants.
My boots.
I am ready for winter!

Flowers!
Flowers!
All flowers look different.
Flowers come in many colors.
I love the bright red color of poppies.
Blue flowers are my favorite.
Many different bugs drink the flower's nectar.
Look at the beautiful color of sunflowers.
If you put flowers in water, they will last longer.
What is your favorite type of flower?

Problem Solving
Define your problem.
Brainstorm and find the facts.
Come up with possible consequences for each solution.
Action, plan, decide on a solution.
Review your plan.

Big Hits!
Big Hits!
This is Bill.
Bill gets ready to hit.
He can catch it in his mitt.
The boy wants to get a big hit.
Yes, a good hit!
Can the pig hit?
No, but the pig can run.

Pixar Cars are Fun For Everyone
Sally feels happy because she works at the Cozy Cone Motel.
Doc Hudson feels powerful because he has a power boost.
Chick Hicks feels angry because he likes bumping into the other cars.
Lizzie feels sleepy because when it is nighttime she closes her shop.
McQueen Cubed
feels awesome because he might win the Piston Cup.
5 McQueens are rookies and they feel cute because they all have paint jobs and are different from each other.
Snot Rod feels sneezy  because he can see fire from the engine.
Filmore feels busy because he is tired of giving everybody organic fuel.
Dirt Track Lightning McQueen feels frustrated because he does not like drifting or turning.
Nitroade feels focused because he has to keep his eyes on the track.
Cruisin' McQueen
feels happy because he has fallen in love with Sally.
When I play with Pixar Cars, I feel EXCITED!

Helpers and  Healers
Oh, look we are firefighters.
The nurse is helping the girl.
I am a mom with my baby.
What! I need a dentist?
My first hair cut.
Please Mom, let Tito be my PCA!
An apple for my teacher.

Flowers
Flowers
Pretty pink petals.
Round red roses.
Pleasant purple pansies.
Three tilting tulips.
Dazzling dangling daisy.
Fuzzy funny flower.
Two tall tulips.
Blue bridal bouquet.
Very violet valentines.

Animals
This is a lamb.
This is an otter.
This is a cat.
This is a tiger.

Jungle Animals
I love cheetahs.
I love tigers.
I love lions.

Pinocchio
Once upon a time there was a wooden puppet that had a father named Master Antonio.
A guy named Geppetto built him.
The father said to Pinocchio, "I’ll make you dance, leap, and other amazing things."
The father carved bark for his shoes, used a crumb for his hat, and cut up a dress for his clothes.
The father didn’t have any money to buy a spelling book for Pinocchio.
Geppetto was a nice guy and helped Pinocchio try to be a real, regular boy.
Pinocchio lied to his father one day, and his nose grew long.  He said some things that weren't lies and got the regular size nose back.
Pinocchio met a lot of friends when he was running away.
Pinocchio was best friends with the bird.
The father and Pinocchio earned money and ended up going to school with a spelling book.
At the end, Pinocchio turned into a real, live, regular boy.

Planes
Planes
I  like  airplanes.
The  airport  is  where you can find  airplanes.
All  the  planes are parked.
The  airplane  is  really  fast.
The  plane  is  up  in  the  sky.
The  airplanes  can  take-off  and  land.
I  rode  on  that  airplane.

Symbols of America Past and Present
We celebrate the Fourth of July every year.
America gained her freedom from England with the signing of the Declaration of Independence on July 4, 1776.
The first American flag looked like this.
Our current day flag looks like this.
Many Americans celebrate the Fourth of July with firework displays.
The Liberty Bell rang on July 4, 1776 when the Declaration of Independence was read.
America celebrates every year to remember how we became a free country.

Indian Foods
SAAG PANEER - SPINACH AND CHEESE
POTATO AND CAULIFLOWER CURRY
OKRA MASALA
BRUSSELS SPROUTS WITH MUSTARD SEEDS
PEAS PULAO
CHICKEN  PULAO
SHRIMP JALFREZI
TANDOORI SHRIMP
KHEER - RICE PUDDING
KESAR KHEER - RICE PUDDING WITH PISTACHIOS AND SAFFRON
GULAB JAMUN - CHEESE BALLS IN SUGAR SYRUP
RASMALAI - COTTAGE OR RICCOTTA CHEESE SOAKED IN MILK

The Rainforest
The person is under the waterfall.
The mountains are in the distance.
The fish is in the water.
The people got out of the car.
The people have seen a fruit bat.
The person is crossing the water.

HEB Central Market
We are going to  Central Market tomorrow and we think we will see...
pepperoni pizza with cheese and a drink for Ernie.
Shoaib thinks we will see a red car.
Julian will see chocolate cookies,cake, and vitamins.
Mrs. Correll thinks we will see a lot of food.
Julian thinks we will see footballs.
Hector thinks we will see a cafeteria.
Clarissa thinks she will see a coffee shop.
Jasmaine thinks she will see video games.

Valentine's Day
I like to give candy hearts to my friends on Valentine's Day.
This is a pretty purple heart.
You can make a heart out of jelly beans. Very cool!
I love chocolate hearts.
Some people make Valentine cakes.
My mom gives me chocolate kisses on Valentine's Day.
I can wrap a box of candy and give it to my dad.
I wonder how many balloons are in this heart?

Robin is a Superhero
Robin helps Batman.
Robin has a cape like Batman.
Robin and Batman keep us safe.
Robin is a cool superhero!
I like to play with Batman and Robin action figures.
I like to read Batman and Robin books.
Batman and Robin are COOL!!

I Love Horses!
Up!
Yippee!
Oh no!
Walking in the water.
Horse friends.
Where are the cowboys?
The horse is drinking water.
We are on a horse ride.

Supergirl
Supergirl is a superhero.
They make Supergirl action figures.
Supergirl and Superman are friends.
Supergirl and Batman are friends.
Supergirl and Spiderman are friends.
Supergirl is COOL!

Santana's Cows
I like cows!
Who likes cows?
I like cows.
Cows are my favorite.
The cow is standing.
The cow jumps over the moon.
Oh, that's a pretty one!
I want you to be my favorite.

The Berlin Wall
The Berlin Wall was created in 1961.
The Berlin Wall was over one hundred miles long.
The Berlin wall collapsed on November 9, 1989.
The Berlin Wall is almost completely removed. One of the most common questions is, "Hey where did the wall go?"

Where the Red Fern Grows (synopsis)
This is Billy. He wants to have two dogs.
Billy earns money by selling fruit and bait to fishermen. He is saving the money to buy his dogs.
Billy saves up enough money to buy his dogs. He names them Old Dan and Little Ann.
Billy trains his dogs how to hunt raccoons.
Billy gives the money to his dad to help the family have money to live on.
One night the dogs trap a mountain lion in a tree. The mountain lion attacks the dogs, and Billy rushes in to help.
The mountain lion attacks Billy. The dogs save Billy.
Both of the dogs are injured. Old Dan died the next day. Little Ann is so sad and dies a few days later.
Billy and his family decide to move to town. He goes to his dogs' graves and on it he sees a red fern.
There is a legend that states that only an angel can plant a red fern. He feels ready to move on with his life.

Emily's Walk
Emily was at the beach.
She wanted to build a sand castle.
She used her bucket.

Venus
Venus is the second planet from the sun. This planet was named after a Roman god of love.
The Romans knew of seven bright objects in the sky; the sun, the moon and the five brightest planets. They named them after their most important gods. Venus, the brightest planet in the night sky, was named after the Roman goddess of love, beauty, and fertility.
Venus is the sixth largest planet. It is the second planet from the sun.
The mass on Venus is 4.87x124 kg. The age of Venus is about 5 billions years old.
One day on Venus is 243 Earth days. Venus' revolution period is 224.7 Earth days. Venus has no moons.
Venus is cloudy because of the carbon dioxide and sulfuric acid.Venus has no magnetic field.
The temperature is 860 degrees.  No one can ever live on Venus because there is no air or water on the planet.
Venus has had only two spacecrafts. They are the Mariner 2 and the Pioneer. The atmosphere pressure on Venus is 90 times greater than Earth's pressure.

The Secret Garden
Mary Lennox lives in India with her parents.
Nobody really cares for Mary. She is sad.
Everyone in her house gets sick.
Mary hides in a room. The next day when she wakes up, almost everyone is dead.
Mary is sent to live with her uncle in England.
Mary's uncle lives in a big house with lots of locked rooms. It is not a good place for a child to grow up in.
Mary meets the old gardener named Ben. Ben has a bird.
The bird and Mary become friends.
There is a secret garden at the house. The bird gives Mary the key to get in the secret garden.
Mary hears someone crying in the garden. She searches for the source of the noise.
Mary finds a boy named Colin. He is her cousin. He cannot walk or stand up.
Mary takes him into the secret garden, and he learns how to walk.
Mary is very happy now. She loves the secret garden and is happy to be at her uncle's house.

Happy Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day
Valentine's Day is February 14.
It is a day for love.
It is a day for hearts.
It is a day for fun.
It is a day for friends.
It is a day for flowers.
It is a day for candy.
It is a day for love.
I love Valentine's day.
Valentine's Day is February 14.
Will you be my Valentine?

Cats
Cats are so cute and cuddly.
Those cats are nice.
That cat is yawning.
He is standing up and dancing.
This cat is looking at me.
Those cats are playing.
He likes cola.
That cat likes to attack.

Landforms
A landform is the shape of the land.
A mountain is a big hill with steep sides and a point at the top.
A valley is the lowland in between the mountains.
A plateau is like a mountain, but it has a flat top with steep sides.
The plains are a flat, gently rolling, lowland.

Illusions of Time
Abbreviation of time,
back swept across the landscape.
Calm winds flowing with sedative properties,
deactivate the mind.
Electromagnetic spectrum of cosmic waves,
fantasias fathomless delight!
Gallery of guardians watching,
harmonize elemental control.
Inhabited state of mind,
juggernaut force sailing the night.
Keepsake memento for all to hold,
lackadaisical spirit within.
Malevolent malformation,
Needful nebulosity of life.
Obsolescent oddment,
Pandemonium panoply, warrior of passage.
Quantum quickens rapid acceleration of query.
Reality! Reasons for existing
safe guarding seasonal transitions.
Taciturn talisman,silent are the pathways.
Unassailable paralleled unionism,
vengeful variance!
Wherever land element,
xaxis two-dimensional vision of Yterbium Zerosum.

I Love Italy
I love Rome.
I love Florence.
I love Florence a lot.
Tuscany has vineyards and hills.
Grapes make good wine.
Italians eat pasta.

Elmo Gets in Trouble
I need a bath.
I'm so tired.
Look at me now.

Chocolate
Chocolate...
I love chocolate!
Chocolate comes in many different forms.
You can make chocolate cupcakes.
You can make hot chocolate.
You can make chocolate chip cookies.
You can make a cake with chocolate in it.
Chocolate can be in icing used for doughnuts.
You can eat chocolate in your ice cream.
You can dip your favorite fruit in chocolate.
Your favorite candy bar probably has chocolate in it.
Chocolate comes in many different varieties.
Chocolate can also come in many different shapes as well.
There are so many different ways to eat chocolate.
There is a type of chocolate for everyone to enjoy.
The End

My Home
My Home
"My home is here," said the bird.
"My home is here," said the frog.
"My home is here," said the pig.
"My home is here," said the cat.
A cat!
A mouse!
"My home is here," said the mouse, "and in I go."
Come back, dinner!

Yes We Can!
Do you know who this is?
He loves his family.
He loves his country.
He thinks.
He listens.
He works.
He wants to do more.
He said...
"Yes we can."
We can love our friends.
We can think.
We can listen.
We can work.
We can do more.
Yes we can.
Yes we can.
Yes we can.

Friday is Movie Day
Friday is Movie Day.
I pick a friend to see a movie with me.
I can watch a Clifford video.
I can watch a Rugrats video. My friend can pick the movie.
I can pick a snack.  I can pick popcorn or...
I  can pick smarties.  I pick only one snack.
I am ready to watch my movie now.

Fun Times
I'm thinking of fun times.
Have I told you that I like balls?
I love sunny days.
I love playing with the puppies.
I love my friends.
This feels so, so good!
Wow!

Cats
I like cats.
This cat is orange.
These cats are laying down.
These are kittens.
Aww! How cute!

Cook's Class Alphabet
A is for apple.
B is for baby.
C is for cat.
D is for duck.
E is for eggs.
F is for flag.
G is for gorilla.
H is for house.
I is for igloo.
J is for jump.
K is for kite.
L is for lion.
M is for money.
N is for neck.
O is for octopus.
P is for popcorn.
Q is for quilt.
R is for rainbow.
S is for shells.
T is for turtle.
U is for umbrella.
V is for vulture.
W is for water
X is for x-ray.
Y is for yarn.
Z is for zipper.

Computers are Everywhere
Computers are everywhere!
Children use computers.
Seniors use computers.
Cats are entertained by computers.
Children learn to use computers in elementary school.
High school students use computers.
People work from home on computers.
Offices are filled with computers.
Cities are run by computers.
Computers can be used everywhere.
Peoples lives are centered around computers.
We listen to music on computers.
We play games on computers.
We stay fit using computers.
Computers are everywhere. THE END

Puppies
Puppies are very cute.
Puppies come in all different colors and sizes.
Puppies are very curious.
They need lots of attention, socialization, play and exercise.
Puppies sleep a lot, just like babies.
They love to play outside and run around.
Puppies like to have friends and playmates.
Puppies are great pets for people who love to play.

Animals
This is a wooly mammoth.
This is a gorilla. They are very smart.
This is a platypus. They can live on water or land.
This is a frog. Some can change colors.
This is a peacock. Do you like the colors?
This is a monkey. Isn't he cute?
This is a bat, the inspiration for Batman.
This is a colorful snake.
Hammerhead sharks have big heads.
Birds have been around since the time of the dinosaurs.
Lions are "king of the jungle."

Baby Animals
Koala baby
Hyena cubs
Baby elephant
Tiger cubs
Baby elephant
Baby wildebeest and mom
Bat-eared fox cubs
Lion cubs
Tell me what these are?
Lion mom and baby
Zebra mom and baby
Baboon mom and babies
Elephant mom and baby
Lion mom and cubs
Antelope mom and baby

D is for...
D is for door.
D is for dog.
D is for dinosaur.
D is for drum.
D is for duck.
D is for doughnut.
D is for deer.

Family
During the holidays, I love to see my family.
Christmas is our favorite holiday!
We eat together and wait for Santa to come!
I have 14 cousins...
...and one second cousin named Lilly.
This is my dad.
And this is my mom.
My grandparents are the best!
And they love me very much!
Christmas is the best holiday...
...and I love to spend it with my family!

Shane's Exercise Book
Shane's exercise room.
Up and down for push ups.
Building those shoulder muscles!
Look Out! Shane is rolling forward.
Lift that bottom to build a strong core.
Push down the Cross Crunch and hold, count to ten, release.
Shane is really good at the AB roller.
Shane is so strong!

Lollipops
Lollipops are yummy.
Lollipops are swirly.
Lollipops are funny.
Lollipops are scary.
Lollipops are colorful.
Lollipops are tall.
Lollipops are small.
Lollipops are round.
Lollipops are COOL.

Jeremiah's Dog Book
Jeremiah's Dog Book
The dog has a black spot on his eye.
Look at the dog jump!
The dogs are wearing funny glasses.
Can you count the dogs?
Look at the dog ride the bike!
The dog has a red ball.
The boy hugs the dog.
The frog sees the dog.
The dog likes the pool.
See the dog run in the snow!
There is a big dog and a little dog.
Look at the dog in the swing!
The little girl likes the dog.
There are 3 dogs.
Watch the dog jump!
The boy is sitting on the big dog.
The girl is hugging the dog.
Can you count the dogs?

The Beautiful Sun
We can't see the whole sun.
The sun is going down.
The sun is in the red sky.
The sky looks so beautiful.
The sun seems to be fading.

Hearts
Stars in a heart
Red heart
Chocolate heart
Jam heart
Heart in a box
Blue heart
A heart
Happy heart

My Body Runs Like an Engine
My body is like an engine.
It may run too fast like a car...
or a jet.
When it is too fast, I have a hard time staying in my seat.
It may run too slow like a turtle...
or a snail.
When it is too slow, I feel tired and bored.
When my engine is JUST RIGHT, I can sit, listen, and learn.
If it's running fast, I can bounce on the ball...
do wall push-ups...
or squeeze putty to calm down.
If it's running slow, I can help the teacher...
run or walk during recess...
or get a drink of water to calm down.
I must try my best to keep my engine JUST RIGHT at school.
Based on: www.alertprogram.com Williams & Shellenberger, 1996

Jelly Making 2008
In July 2008, my friends and I went berry picking.
We went back to Samuel's house after picking the berries to make jelly.
We washed the berries and then mashed them.
Then we put them in a bag and squeezed out the juice.
It was really messy!
Next we added LOTS of sugar.
Here you can see the sugar and berry juice.
The last ingredient we added was pectin.
Finally we stirred everything together while it simmered.
The jelly was delicious!

Saturn
Saturn is a gas planet.
Saturn's rings are composed of billions of tiny particles.
Saturn's rings measure more than 20,000 kilometers wide, but the rings are only 1 kilometer thick.
People think that the rings might have been made up of Saturn’s formation, or maybe the remains of an asteroid, or a moon that was torn apart.
Saturn is a gas planet and the 6th planet from the sun.
Saturn got its name from the Roman god.
Saturn has about 60 moons orbiting it.
Saturn is 886 millions miles from the sun.
Saturn is 100 times bigger than Earth.
No one has been to Saturn before. But a mission in 2020 will hopefully take place.
There is always bad weather on Saturn, which makes it turn yellow and tan.
Some of the moons are important because they keep the rings in place.
THE END

Colors of Spring
White flowers are on the tree.
Yellow flowers blow in the wind.
Purple flowers are over the bridge.
Green leaves drip water.
Red and black lady bug climbs the tree.
Orange tulips bloom in the springtime.
Blue sky has white clouds.
Black dog runs fast.
Rainbows have all the colors of spring.

Lou Gehrig:  The Luckiest Man
Baseball is a game that requires dedication and skill.
You must be focused and driven.
The Yankees had a player named Lou Gehrig.
Lou was an awesome player.  He became very sick with a fatal disease.
Babe Ruth played on the same team.
Babe Ruth gave Lou support throughout his disease.
Lou Gehrig was unable to walk at one point in his career.  So, he benched himself.
The Yankees retired his jersey.  This was the first time that was done.
This wall honors famous players from the teams.
He loved the game of baseball, even to the end.

All About Dr. Seuss
Theodore Seuss Gisel was Dr. Seuss' name.
Dr. Seuss has ABC books.
He wrote lots of books.
He wrote about saving the trees.

Plants
There are lots of plants outside.
Plants have different parts. This will tell you about four different parts of plants.
First, there's the flower. Flowers are very pretty. Flowers come in many colors.
Bees like flowers. Bees like to land on flowers.
Next, there are seeds. Seeds come from flowers.
Seeds can be big or little.
The next part of a plant is the stem. The stem is what holds up the plant.
At the bottom of the plant is the root. The roots grow down into the ground.
The roots suck water up into the plant.
All of the plant parts are important.

Dachshunds!
Dachshunds...
They are lovable and sweet!
They are cuddly and playful!
They are stylish...
and fun!
They are special to me!
This guy is funny.
Dachshunds are friends to all!

Bedtime
The sun has set. The moon is out.
Now it is time for little boys and little girls to shut their tiny eyes and go to bed.
First, put away all your toys.
Now, let's take a bath!
Rubber ducky wants to play. What is next?
It is PJ time!
Brush your teeth so we can see your dazzling smile!
Let's pick out a book.
Goodnight, hedgehogs.
Goodnight, city.
Goodnight, kitten.
Goodnight, mom.
Goodnight, me.

Mars is the Best
Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun and the seventh largest planet.
Mars has been known since prehistoric times.
Mars is the Roman god of wars. The planet probably got its name due to the Roman god of agriculture.
Mars can be easily seen from Earth without a telescope.
Mars has two moons,Phobos and Deimos, which are small in size and not shaped perfectly like our moon.
Mars has been considered the most realistic location for life in the solar system.
Scientists sent cameras, satellites, and robots to Mars to collect information and take pictures.
Mars is behind the Earth in the solar system.
Early in history, Mars was just like Earth.
Mars once had water like the Earth.
They are still studying Mars.

Kangaroos!
I like kangaroos!
Kangaroos like to hop...
or hang around with friends...
or carry Baby Roo in a pouch.
But sometimes...
they need some peace and quiet!
Goodnight, Kangaroos!

All Kinds of Weather
This is the weather.
Some days are rainy.
Some days are cloudy.
Some days are foggy.
Some days are snowy.
Some days are windy.
Some days are cold.
Some days are hot.

Colors
Red
Orange
Yellow
Green
Blue
Purple
Black
Brown
Rainbow

My Favourite Fruits
I like to eat sweet strawberries.
Blueberries are delicious.
Kiwis can be sour, but I love sour foods.
Bananas are full of potassium.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Watermelons are 90% water!
Pineapples are golden and sweet.
Fruits are very healthy for you, and they taste great!

Cooking is Fun
I make pancakes for breakfast.
Bread is good for breakfast too.  You can make toast.
Eggs are good for you.
You can bake with eggs.
Do you like noodles?
Hotdogs are great for a picnic.
Cupcakes are fun for a birthday party.
Cookies are a special treat.

Reading Blind
Can you see this? If you can, you're lucky. A blind person could not read this the same way you do.
A blind person would read this using the Braille alphabet. The Braille alphabet is a series of dots in a cell. Each cell has six possible placements for each dot.
When you write a number in Braille, you have to first braille the sign that looks like a backwards capital L.
Many public buildings now have Braille to help the sight impaired person to function in society.
When you read Braille, you use your fingers and feel the letters, which are raised dots on the page.
Brailled books are made using a Braille writer, which is like a type writer but it only has six keys.
Braille is difficult to learn. Once you learn the Braille alphabet, then you learn contracted Braille and Nemith Braille.
Braille has been adapted to languages all over the world.

Cars
New car
Old car
Fast car
Slow car
Big van
Little van
Let's race!
Ready, Set, Go!
Lots of cars
Lots of tires
Crash!
Bang!
Boom!
The End

The Beach
I see the beach.
I see waves.
I see the sun.
I see seashells.
I see toys.
I see people swimming.
I see beach umbrellas.
I like the beach!

Animal Sounds
"Baaa," says the sheep,
from the frog a wee peep.
The otter so quiet,
but Oscar's a riot!
"Meow," says the kitten.
The dog will bark oh so loud.
Little Miss Mallard will quack so proud.

Counting Puppies
One sleeping puppy.
Two puppies wearing sunglasses.
Three white puppies.
Four puppies up high.
Five white puppies in a line.
Draw six puppies.
Seven puppy tails. Count them.
Eight cute puppies.
Nine black and white puppies.
Ten tan puppies on the stairs.
I love my puppy!
The End.

Fruit
This is an apple.
This is a peach.
This is a banana.
This is a strawberry.
This is a cherry.
I can eat fruit.

Friends
We are friends!
Animal friends.
Funny friends.
Shaggy friends.
Sweet friends.
Many friends.
Close friends.
Happy friends.
Loyal friends.
Together friends.
Relaxing friends.
Loveable friends.
Wrestling friends.
Caring friends.
Helpful friends.
Playful friends.
Close friends.
Grouchy friends.
Holiday friends.
Working friends.
Good friends.
Always friends!

Polar Bear Fun
A polar bear's day...
swimming,
playing with family,
dancing,
goofing around,
a snooze before going home.
It's my turn to drive home.

Boy It's Cold Out There!
What can we do when it's so cold?
Slide down some snow banks.
Build a snowman with dad.
You could watch a dog sled race.
Strap on your skates....
and strike out on a lake.
Ride to the top of a mountain.
Then snowboard down.
You could even try skiing.
It's more fun with a friend.
Mostly, it's just fun to play outside with friends.
Don't forget to stay warm.
And never stick your tongue to a metal pole.
The End

Months
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

I Like Computers
I like computers.
I like my new mouse.
I like to check the weather.
I like the news.
I like sports.
I like to write stories.
I like to play computer games when I am finished with my work.
Sometimes I just like to have a cat nap.

Horse Breeds and Markings
There are lots of different breeds and markings on a horse.
This horse is an Appaloosa.
On both of these horses, I see a star and a snip.
All of these horses are Paints.
This horse has a blaze.
These are miniature horses.
This horse has a wall eye.
This is a baby Shetland.
This horse has a star.

All About Kites
Kites come in many colors.
Do you want to fly a kite?
First, choose a colorful kite.
Next, get a spool of string.
Hold it up high to catch the wind.
Finally, pull up to send it flying!
Some kites have different shapes.
This one looks like a dragon.
What do these kites look like?
Would you like to fly a penguin kite?
How about a whale kite?
Flying kites is fun!

Snowboarding
Jumping high is so much fun.
The powder is just right.
Awesome!!
So many choices!
The end.

A Litttle Girl
When I was a little girl, my mom took me to a meadow next to a forest.
With my dog, Lucky, I ran with Mom in the green grass.
We were having a good time.
Then a monster came, and I screamed and Mom yelled, "Run, run and don't stop!"
I ran into the trees with Lucky and stayed there. I don't know how long.
I'm a girl who lives in the forest.
Lucky and I lived there for a couple of years.
My mom used to call me an angel. I hope one day to fly into my mom's arms.
I want to find my mom.
One day I found my hometown.
I went home.
My mom is the most loving. She was waiting for me to come home.
She looked the same to me. She was so happy to see me again.
She said,"You look like your dad, Sweetheart."
I'm so glad for me and Mom and Lucky to be home with each other.
My home is where the people love me more than anything.

When to call 9-1-1
What is 9-1-1?
9-1-1 is the number you call if there is an emergency.
What do you tell them?
You tell them your name, address, and the emergency.
What is an emergency a policeman can help you with?
An example is when someone is not  conscious. They won't wake up. We can call 9-1-1.
If there is a car accident, we can call 9-1-1.
If someone is choking, we can call 9-1-1.
If someone is drowning we can call 9-1-1.
If there is a fire, we can call 9-1-1.
When we call 9-1-1, someone will come to help us.
The police, the firemen, or the ambulance will come to help us.
When should you not call 9-1-1?
We should not call 9-1-1 when there is no emergency.
We do not call 9-1-1 for animals, as a joke, or to practice.
Only call 9-1-1 when you have a real emergency, and they will come to help you.

About Obama
Mr. Obama is going to the White House.
He is the president.
He takes care of the United States of America.
His family voted to bring a dog home.

Yogi and Boo Boo
Once upon a time, there were two bears named Yogi and Boo Boo.
Boo Boo was a cute, little bear that liked to teach PE.
Yogi was the big, silly bear that loved politics.
Both loved football.
Here they are with all their friends.
They both loved to goof around.
Yogi loved to sing.
Boo Boo just thinks he is a tough guy.
Here are their students.
This is the end of the line. My friends Yogi and Boo Boo are very cool.

Nice Cars
This hot car is fast.
This is an old, nice car.
This is a Lowrider.
These are new cars in Saskatoon.
This is a new Lamborghini.
This is a  nice ride.
But this is a very nice car.
This is a Model T.
This pink car is for girls.
This is a striped car.

Wheelchair Gardening
Wheelchair Gardening
Gardens come in all sizes and shapes.
Some gardens are small and simple.
Some gardens are huge and fancy.
Some people plant gardens in pots.
Some gardens are in boxes on the ground.
We use wheeelchairs, so we will build a wheelchair garden.
A wheelchair garden is a wooden box that is high enough to reach from a wheelchair.
We will need wood and soil.
We buy the wood and take it to the woodworker.
The 
woodworker cuts the wood into the right lengths.
Boxes have four sides. We will need four pieces of wood.
We can make the garden box with a screwdriver and screws.
We could use a power drill and screws.
We could build the box with a hammer and nails.
When the box is finished, we will fill it with soil.
We can plant seeds.
We can transplant little seedlings.
With lots of water and sunlight, the plants will grow.
We will have a bountiful garden.

Animal Babies
Animal babies are everywhere.
A baby elephant with his mother.
A tiger cub in the sun.
A baby antelope and its mother.
A baby deer learns to walk.
A baby zebra drinks from his mother.
A lion cub sits with his mom.
Baby ducks on the railroad tracks--watch out!
A tiny baby bunny is so cute!
A baby monkey watching you!
Baby birds are hungry!
Puppies are babies, too!
Watch out, you never know when you will see an animal baby!

Shapes
Shapes are everywhere.
A circle is outside.
Hearts are on the candle.
Squares are on the building.
Triangles are on money.
Where can you find shapes?

Body Parts Around Us
This baby has blue eyes.
This cow has a big nose.
This lady has pink lips.
This man has big hands.
This lady has pretty toes.
We all have body parts.

Dinosaurs
Dinosaurs
My favorite dinosaur has a club tail.
My favorite dinosaur has spikes on its back.
My favorite dinosaur has a long neck.
My favorite dinosaur looks like a lizard.
My favorite dinosaur has a long tail.
My favorite dinosaur has sharp teeth.
My favorite dinosaur ate plants.
My favorite dinosaur has a big head.
My favorite dinosaur has a pointy head.
My favorite dinosaur has a horn on its head.
My favorite dinosaur looks like an alligator.
My favorite dinosaur eats meat.
Do you have a favorite dinosaur?

Brad's Book About Venus
Venus is a planet.
This is a picture of Venus in the sky.
This is Venus at sunset.
Here is Venus under the moon.
You can see Venus from the country.
You can see Venus from the city.
Venus looks small next to the moon.
You can look through a telescope at Venus.
Venus is also the name of a Roman goddess.
Venus is also the name of a plant.

Race Cars
I like Dale Earhart, Jr.'s race car.
This race car is a good red car and it is the hottest in the world.
This race car looks like it is going to win the race.
This flying race car is not cool.
Jeff Gordon is going to win the Nextel Cup Race!
This engine is from Rick Hendrix's car.
This car won the race!
This race car is a small race car toy.
This pile of cars is not bad.

Melissa's Shiny Things
Ring of green.
Red ring.
Bright flower.
All the gold.
Peek-a-boo!
Indian necklace.
Beautiful ornament.
Bracelet of gold.

My Horses
Mother horse and baby horse.
Black and brown horses.
One horse eating grass by the trees.
A horse in the air with a man on it.
Going home from riding horses in the sunset.
In the air.
Waving his hat in the air.
Going to camp with the horses.

Sleepy, Sleepy Animals
The cat looks out the window. The cat sees a bird. The bird flies to its nest. What does the cat see?
The bird makes her nest in the trees. She finds feathers. The bird hears woof woof! Where is the nest?
The dog is silly! He wears glasses. The dog reads a story about a horse. Who reads a story?
The horse gets scared. She jumps high. The horse sees a great big whale! Who jumps high?
The whale plays in the water. His tail makes a big splash! People are all wet! Where does the whale play?
The cat is sleepy. She sleeps on a pillow. Where does the cat sleep?
The bird gets sleepy. He sleeps in his nest. Where does he sleep?
The dog gets sleepy. He sleeps on the couch. Where does he sleep?
The horse gets sleepy. She falls asleep in the barn. Where does she sleep?
The whale gets sleepy. He falls asleep in the water. Where does the whale sleep?

Let's Go to the Game!
It's Friday night. Time for football.
Let's go to the game!
Look at the players. Go team!
Look at the Cheerleaders. Go team!
Look at the band. Go team!
Look at the crowd. Go team!
Look at the coach. Go team!
Kick-off!
Run, run, run!
Tackle. Oh no!
Run, run, run!
Touchdown! Oh yes!
We win! Yea!
I'm glad we went to the game.

Going to the Airport
Going to the Airport
When I go to the airport, they will take my suitcase.
We will stand in line.  That's okay.
We will put our things in a bucket.  We will take off our shoes.
I will walk through a security door.
We will walk to our terminal.  We might walk on a moving sidewalk.
I will sit in a chair and wait to get on the plane and that's okay.
We will find our seat.  We will sit down and wait for the airplane to go in the air.
We're up in the air!  We're flying!
I am having fun!  I like to go on an airplane!

Football Game
Football is a very good game.
Somebody got a touchdown.
Somebody tied the game.
Then somebody threw and caught the ball.  He got a touchdown.
Then they had a time out, and the next team gets a turn.
Then they do push-ups.
3, 2, 1, 0!  The game is over! The Red Team won.

Then and Now
Then: Some houses had dirt floors.
Now: Some houses have tile floors.
Then: Grocery stores were small.
Now: Grocery stores are big.
Then: Rooms had very little furniture.
Now: Rooms have lots of stuff.
Then: Cowboys branded the livestock.
Now: Fences keep the livestock closed off.
Then: Everyone went to school in one room.
Now: Every grade has their own room.
Then: People listened to music on a victrola.
Now: We listen to music on mp3 players.
I like living now!

Cruising
Cruising
This is my first time on a cruise ship. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm staying in a cabin. 
I'm gonna have fun!
I'm traveling to Aruba. 
I'm gonna have fun!
I'm snorkeling in Aruba. 
I'm gonna have fun!
I'm spending a day at sea. 
I'm gonna have fun!
I'm traveling to Curacao. 
I'm gonna have fun!
I'm watching the dolphin show. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm traveling to St. Maarten. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm traveling on a tall ship. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm spending the day poolside. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm traveling to St. Thomas. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm going on a helmet dive. I'm gonna have fun!
I'm traveling back to Chicago!
I want the sun!!!!!

Cakes
There are many cakes in the world.
Some cakes do not look like cakes.
Some cakes look like cakes.
Some cakes are just delicious!
It's really fun to eat cake.

My Body is Special
My body is special.
With my hands,
I touch the butterfly.
With my ears,
I hear the train.
With my tongue,
I taste the ice cream.
With my eyes,
I see the clown.
With my nose,
I smell the flower.
My body is special and so am I.

My Z Book
The letter Z.
Zebra starts with z.
Zero starts with z.
Zig zag starts with z.
Zipper starts with z.
Zizzer zazzer zuzz starts with z.
Zoo starts with z.
Zoo keeper starts with z.
The letter z.

Dogs
Dogs come in all shapes, sizes and colours. They are wonderful pets.
Baby dogs are called puppies and are very tiny when they are born.
This is such a cute little puppy!
Puppies grow up into dogs.  There are many different breeds.
There are Pugs.
Here is a Golden Retriever like Murphy.
Here is another Pug.
Here is an Alaskan Malamute.
Here are two Black Labs just like Shadow.
Here are two Huskies running in the snow.
Here is a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel.  This is a very nice dog.
Here are two Chihuahuas.  They are very small.
Here is a Poodle.  They have curly hair.
Here is a Dachshund. This dog has short legs.
Here is a Yorkshire Terrier.  It is a small dog.
Here is a Dalmatian.  It is a larger dog.
Here is a Basset Hound.
Here is a Papillon like Crystal.  She is a small dog.
This is a Newfoundland dog like Ollie.  He is a very big dog.
This is a Viszla like Bella.  She likes to run and play.
Here is a Shitszu like Coco.  She is a small dog.
We love our dogs.

My Pet Dinosaur
I have a pet dinosaur.
My dinosaur swims in my pool.
My dinosaur eats hot dogs. They are hot!
We like to play on the computer.
I love my dinosaur! We are friends.

My Pet Dinosaur
I have a dinosaur.
My dinosaur sleeps outside of my apartment.
I go for walks with my dinosaur.
My dinosaur eats fish.
I love my dinosaur! He is my pet.

Shoes, Shoes, and MORE Shoes!
Look at all these shoes to choose from!
Here's what NOT to choose when wearing shorts!
Are these for real?
Are you a high heel shoe person?
Sneakers?
Maybe flats?
Or Crocs?
Here are my favorite!
I love my Chucks. You may prefer to call them Converse All Stars!
They've been around for a LONG time.
You can get them in any color you want!
Seriously...
I wouldn't be caught dead in these shoes!
Maybe I'd wear these shoes for Halloween.
Since when do arms wear Converse?
I love shoes.
What are your favorite shoes?

Eggs!
Eggs
Eggs, eggs, eggs!
I love eggs!
Chickens lay eggs.
Eggs can be many colors and sizes.
Eggs can crack.  Do you know what is inside?
Gooey egg! When an egg cracks, the gooey inside comes out.
We have to be careful with eggs so we don't break them.
Eggs, eggs, eggs!   I love eggs!

Goods and Services
Goods are things people make or use to satisfy their needs.
Goods are things people make or use to satisfy their wants.
Goods are things we can see and feel.
Some goods are things we need.
Some goods are things we want.
A baseball glove is a good.
You can see it and touch it.
A soda is a good.
You can see it and touch it.
A pencil is a good.
You can see it and touch it.
Services are activities that satisfy people's needs.
Services are activities that satisfy people's wants.
We can't feel or hold services.
A service is something that someone does for us.
A vet does something for us.
A vet takes care of our pets.
A police officer does something for us.
A police officer keeps us safe.
A firefighter does something for us.
A firefighter puts out fires.
We can use money to buy goods.
We can use money to pay for services.
A person who purchases goods and services is a buyer.
Purchase is a word that means buy.
Buyers use money to purchase food.
Buyers use money to purchase clothes.
Buyers use money to purchase other goods.
Buyers use money to purchase services.
Buyers use money to purchase services from a doctor.
Buyers use money to purchase a car wash.
Buyers use money to purchase other services.
A seller is a person who sells goods.
A seller is a person who sells services.
People can be both buyers and sellers of goods and services.

Vanessa's Cake Book
I like this cake because it is like a hamburger.
Harry Potter bought this cake!
My dog, Lucky, would like these cute cakes.
You have to play to get a slice of this cake.
You need to change the names before eating!
I want this cake for my birthday.
Which cake do you want?

Governments; Compare and Contrast
In the United States, we have a president.
Here are 5 United States presidents.
In the United Kingdom, they have a queen.
In the United Kingdom, they have a prime minister.
The President lives in the White House.
The president works in the Oval Office.
The Queen lives in Buckingham Palace.
The Prime Minister lives on Downing Street.
In the United States, we have a Congress.
In the United ,they have a Parliament.
In the United States, the Congress works at the Capitol.
In the United Kingdom, the Parliament works in London.
In both countries, you can be arrested.
You can have a trial.
In the United States, you can have a jury trial.
You can also have a trial with only a judge.

The Echidna
I can grow up to half a metre.
I have a long nose.
Wendy was driving in her car one day, and got a flat tire when she ran over me.
I am spiky and have fur.
I love to dig, and I live in scrapes.
My picture is  on the five cent coin.
I am able to swim.

Postman
This is a postman.
Postmen work for the post office.
They bring us mail.
Some drive a mail car.
Some postmen walk.
Some drive big trucks.
They bring mail to our mailbox.
Thanks, postman!

Meet Kobe Bryant
Meet Kobe Bryant
Kobe played basketball in high school.
He was drafted by the Charlotte Hornets after high school.
He nows plays with the Los Angeles Lakers as a shooting guard.
He also plays with the USA team.
He has many endorsements such as Nike, The Coco Cola Company, Energy Drink, and Tony Hawk.
This is Kobe Bryant's life. The End

Happy Easter
Happy Easter!
Easter is in the spring when flowers come out.
This is the Easter Bunny.
He hides eggs for us to find.
I like this egg.
This is an Easter basket.
You can find candy,
toys,
and lots of fun things in my basket.
Happy Easter!

Foot Book
Left foot, left foot. Right foot, right.
Feet in the morning,
feet at night.
Left foot,  left foot, left foot,  right.
Wet foot.
Dry foot.
High foot.
Low foot.
Front feet.
Back feet. Black feet.

House of Cards
Have you ever built a house of cards?
All you need is a deck of playing cards...
and a steady hand.
It's fun!
Concentrate to make the cards balance on edge.
Small triangles grow into a large triangle.
If you use small cards, your house will be small.
If you use big cards, your house will be BIG!
This is a very big house of cards.
I will stick to the smaller ones that I can make.
It's fun to make a house of cards with friends.
Smile!  You did it.

Food ABC's
A is for apple.
B is for banana.
C is for carrot.
D is for doughnut.
E is for egg.
F is for French fries.
G is for grapes.
H is for hamburger.
I is for ice cream.
J is for jelly beans.
K is for kiwi.
L is for lime.
M is for marshmallow.
N is for nuts.
O is for orange.
P is for potatoes.
Q is for quail.
R is for rice.
S is for spaghetti.
T is for tacos.
U is for upside down cake.
V is for vegetables.
W is for watermelons.
Y is for yogurt.
Z is for zucchini.

A Plant's Basic Needs
Plants are living things. To grow, a plant needs four things;air, food, water, and light.
Air gives plants carbon dioxide. Carbon dioxide is a gas. Plants need this gas to grow.
Plants get food from the soil. Plants need food to grow.
A plant gets water from rain. Plants need water to grow.
All plants need light. Plants need sunlight to grow.
Plants have the same basic needs as animals; air, food, water, and light.

Bicycles are Fun!
Bicycles are fun to ride!
I like to race on my bike.
My dog goes on my bike rides too!
I always wear a helmet for safety.
It's fun to ride with a friend.
Do you like to ride bikes?

Exploring China
This is a picture of a city in China.
This is a pug dog getting ready for the Chinese New Year!
This is a picture taken in the morning of a body of water.
This is Hong Kong, a city in China.
This is Bund, a sightseeing tunnel.
This is another picture in Hong Kong.
This is a market in China. A market is a place where people can buy things.
These are soldiers in China.
This is the Great Wall of China. Why do you think they built this large wall?
This is a woman in China with her child.
Some mountains in China.
In China, many people use bikes to get to where they need to go.
Did you know that Pandas live in China too?
In China, people drink a lot of tea.

Puns
What is it?
It's a goldfish!
What is it?
It's a doornail!
What is it?
It's whole milk!
What is it?
It's ice tea!
What is it?
It's a burger king!
What is it?
It's a butterfly!
What is it?
It's heartburn!
What is it?
It's a fire drill!

Bears Everywhere!
I see a white bear. The bear swims. He's all wet!
I see a black bear. He climbs. Up, up, up!
I see a koala bear. He says, "Shh!"
I see a brown bear. He sleeps. Shh!!
I see a panda bear. He yawns. Night, night!
I see a black bear. He hides. Peek-a-boo!
I see a koala. He drinks! Thank you, friend!
I see a panda bear. He looks and looks. That's me!
I see a baby koala. He is little. Be careful!
I see two pandas. They play. My turn!

All About Dinosaurs
Some dinosaurs lived in water.
Some dinosaurs had long necks. Some didn't have long necks.
Some dinosaurs had wings. Some didn't have wings.
Some dinosaurs had horns. Some had no horns at all.
Some dinosaurs are on T.V.
This part of the bones were the skull, teeth, claws, and ribs.
All dinosaurs became extinct.
All kinds of dinosaurs were found in China, Asia and Australia. They were found in Antarctica, also.

Insects, Insects All Around
Insects all around.
Insects with legs.
Ant on the grass.
Spider in his web.
Butterfly on a flower.
Beetle with spots.
Caterpillar getting fat.
Ladybug is small.
Fly away fly.
Honey bee eating lunch.
Grasshopper can jump.
Dragonfly can flutter its wings.
Praying mantis looking at me.
Beetle with stripes.
Insect that pinches.
Insect that's red.
Insects, insects all around.

Solid Shapes
I have 6 faces, 8 corners, and 12 edges. I can slide and stack. I cannot roll. What shape am I?
I am a rectangular prism.
I can roll and slide. I can not stack. I only have 1 face. What shape am I?
I am a cone.
I have 2 circular faces. I can roll, stack, and slide. What shape am I?
I am a cylinder.
I can roll. I cannot stack or slide. I have no faces. What shape am I?
I am a sphere.
I cannot roll. I can stack and slide. I have 6 square faces. What shape am I?
I am a cube.

Dominique's V Book
V is for vegetables.
V is for van.
V is for valentine.
V is for vest.
V is for vacuum cleaner.
V is for video camera.

Paul Bunyan
Paul Bunyan is a tall tale.
That means he did things that were larger than life.
Paul and Babe like to go bowling.
Babe is hitching a ride to Texas.
MMMMMM. . .  I smell pancakes.
Howdy y'all!  Welcome to logging country.
Paul Bunyan dug the Great Lakes.
Is this axe big enough?

When My Teacher Goes Home
My teacher takes care of me all day. But she goes home before I do every afternoon.
It makes me sad when my teacher leaves.
I worry about who will take care of me while she's gone.
I know another teacher stays in my classroom.
More friends come and play with me, too. I know my friends and I will be safe.
I can wave goodbye when my teacher leaves.
I can get a hug from my friend,
or my favorite teddy,
or from another teacher.
I can go to the Cozy Corner until I feel better.
I can read a book,
paint,
work a puzzle,
or build with blocks.
I can play quietly with a friend,
or dance to music.
I know my teacher will be back to play with me again tomorrow.

A World of Colors
Red
Orange
Yellow
Green
Blue
Purple
Pink

Dad and I
Dad and I are rhinos.
Dad and I are giraffes.
Dad and I are elephants.
Dad and I are pandas.
Dad and I are dogs.
Dad and I are zebras.
Dad and I are whales.
Dad and I are orangutans.
Dad and I are polar bears.

Nick and Aimen
Nick and Aimen like boats.
Nick and Aimen like blue cars.
Nick and Aimen like singing.
Nick and Aimen like school.

Flowers
Flowers can be many colors.
I see orange flowers.
I see yellow flowers.
I see red flowers.
I see pink flowers.
I see green flowers.
I see purple flowers.
I see white flowers.
I see blue flowers.
I love flowers!

Dinosaurs
I like dinosaurs.
There are many kinds of dinosaurs.
These dinosaurs have long necks.
Look at all the dinosaurs.
Dinosaurs, dinosaurs!

Mountains Can Be...
Mountains
Mountains can be snowy.
Mountains can be volcanoes.
Mountains can be full of trees.
Mountains can be as high as the clouds.
Mountains can be waterfalls.
Mountains can be rocky.

Let's Make a Pizza!
Let's make a pizza!
First, we need some dough.
We need to make it into a flat crust.
We can use a rolling pin...
or we could use our hands.
Next, we put sauce on the pizza crust.
We can spread the sauce all around.
Then, we sprinkle cheese on top of the sauce.
Now is the fun part...we get to add toppings!
Would you like onions on your pizza?
Would you like tomatoes on your pizza?
Would you like French fries on your pizza?
Would you like mushrooms on your pizza?
Would you like pepperoni on your pizza?
Would you like pickles on your pizza?
Would you like sausage on your pizza?
Would you like ice cream on your pizza?
Would you like peppers on your pizza?
Would you like apples on your pizza?
Would you like olives on your pizza?
Would you like broccoli on your pizza?
After we put toppings on our pizza, we can put it in the oven to cook.
When the pizza is cooked, we can cut it with a pizza cutter.
The pizza is all done. It looks delicious!
Let's eat!

Here Comes Spring!
Your greenhouse can look like this...
if you water your flowers,
if it gets enough light,
if you choose the right flower pot,
if you use the right soil,
if you plant different herbs,
if you have a variety of colors,
if you have yellow ones,
pink ones,
and blue ones, too.
If you plant the right way,
you will have a beautiful greenhouse!

Snacks
I like to eat all kinds of snack food.
I bring my snack in a brown paper bag each day.
I like to eat Cheez-its.
My mom packs some for my snack.
They are delicious!
Sometimes, I like to eat chocolate muffins for snack!
Chocolate is so tasty!
I also eat healthy snacks.  I like to eat apples.
Bananas are another healthy snack that I like to eat.
I go to the market to help my mom pick up groceries.  She lets me pick out some snacks that I can bring to school.
I like to go shopping with my mom.
I love to eat snack with my friends!

Chicks-Circle of Life
Chicks have a circle of life.
Life begins in the eggs.
After 21 days, the baby chick begins to peck out of the egg.
When the chick gets out, it is wet and tired.
"Cheep, cheep, cheep!" says one chick to the egg. "There is much more room out here."
The chicks talk about the hard work it took to get out of the eggs.
It's time to celebrate our lives.
When we are all grown up,
we will start the circle of life again!

Spring Things!
Spring is almost here!
In spring, we can play outside!
Elizabeth
In spring, we can play in mud puddles. 
Darius
In spring, we can listen to thunder storms.
Jacob
In spring, we can see the pretty flowers.
Cassie
In spring, it is warm enough to play in the water.
Hi-May
In spring, we can cook o the grill more.
Daisy
In spring, we can play "Catch Me if You Can!"
J.D.
In spring, we can plant our gardens.
Ms. Icenhour
In spring, it is already getting too hot!
Mr. Bare
In spring, we can have a nap in a hammock. Ms. Marini
In spring, I would sit on my porch and drink my coffee.
Mrs. Ficquette

Animals
We can find animals all over the world.
The cat lives in my house.
The lamb lives at a farm.
The camel lives in the desert.
The deer lives in the woods.
The lion lives in the jungle.

Where Do You Live?
People live in different places.
A long time ago, some people lived in pyramids.
Today, some people live in houses made of mud and straw.
Some Native Americans live in tepees.
Some people live in igloos.  Brrr!
Some people live in big houses.
Some people live in old houses.
Some people live in houses on the water.
Some people live in houses on wheels.
Where do you live?

Me
I am happy.
I am sad.
I am running.
I am jumping.
I am reading.
I am hungry.
I am eating.
I am tired.
I am sleeping.

Things I Want to Do
One day, I want to go back to Paris.
One day, I want to be a cricket umpire.
One day, I want to swim in the Olympics.
One day, I want to scuba dive.
One day, I want to ride in a race car.
One day, I want to work in the Mars Bar Factory.
One day, I want to play lawn bowls.
One day, I want to travel the world.
One day, I want to play basketball.

Making Pizza
Let's make pizza.
First, we need English Muffins.
Spread the tomato paste on the muffin.
Add the pineapple.
Add the ham.
Sprinkle the cheese on top.
Put it in the oven.
Enjoy!

Water Cycle
A pond is made of water.
The sun heats the water and it evaporates.
The water condenses into a cloud way up in the sky.
The water droplets come together and fall as rain.
The plants drink up the water.
Some of the water collects back in the pond.  The cycle begins again!

Trees
Trees are green in spring.
Some leaves turn orange in the fall.
Some trees have long branches.
Some trees have blossoms in summer.
Some leaves turn red in the fall.
Many trees lose their leaves in the fall.
We can make pictures of trees.
Trees can grow beside the lake.
Trees can grow in the city.
The snow covers the trees in winter.
Trees are white with snow.
Trees can grow in front of the mountains.

On the Farm
On the farm, I see a barn.
On the farm, I see a cow.
On the farm, I see a horse.
On the farm, I see a sheep.
On the farm, I see a duck.
On the farm, I see a rooster.
There are lots of animals to see at the farm.

The Wooly Giant
Wooly mammoths are mammals.
Wooly mammoths were elephants. They were huge back then!
Cavemen also drew pictures to tell stories about wooly mammoths.
Wooly mammoths spend 16 to 18 hours a day either feeding or moving toward food or water.
Some wooly mammoths lived in herds. Like elephants, wolly mammoths had to stick together. Sometimes wooly mammoths were on their own.
Wooly mammoths' skulls are similar to a Cyclopes Caveman's because it looks like they only have one eye. But they don't. They have two eyes.

Water is important!
We need water.
Water is very important.
Water covers most of the earth.
All living things need water.
We use water to drink,
to clean,
to cook,
and to play.
You see water as a gas,
as a liquid,
and a solid.
Plants need water.
Animals need water.
We all need water.
Oceans are salt water.
Rivers are mostly fresh water.
Ponds are fresh water.
Lakes are usually fresh water.
We all need water.

South Africa
The South African flag.
Nelson Mandela, the 1st president, 1994-1999.
The current president, Kgalema Motlanthe.
Popular mealie food.
The Springboks, the national rugby team.
Cricket, a favorite sport.
Squash, another favorite sport.
There are Black Africans.
There are Colored Africans.
There are Asian Africans.
There are all colors of African people.
Johannasburg is
the capital. There are 1,916,100 people.
There are lots of animals, like these elephants.
There are lions.
There are giraffes.
There are zebras.
There are gorillas.

Steps for Taking an Order
Hello, room 159, this is ____. How may I help you?
What size?
What kind?
Cream or...
sugar?
Would you like it delivered?
What is your room number?
What is your name?
I'll bring it right away. Thank you!

The Planets
Here are all of our planets!
Here are the outer planets; Pluto, Neptune, Uranus, Saturn, and Jupiter.
Pluto takes 249 years to orbit the Sun.
Neptune has eight moons.
Uranus is made out of gas and liquid and has at least 21 moons.
Saturn's rings are made of rocks.
Jupiter is the largest planet in our solar system.
Here are the inner planets; Mars, Earth, Venus, and Mercury.
Mars is called the 'Red Planet' because of the color of the soil.
Earth is the largest inner planet. We live on Earth!
Venus has a thick atmosphere that traps heat.
Mercury is closest to the Sun.
The Sun is a star made of gas. All our planets are heated by the sun and they orbit around the sun.

Baby Echo Finds Echo at Last
One day Baby Echo was looking for his mother.
He looked and looked, but he couldn't see her.
So he hopped over to the middle of the big branch.
He looked and looked there, but he still couldn't see her.
So he hopped over to the very edge of the big, long branch.
He looked and looked there, but he still couldn't see her.
He sat up and thought, "Where is my mother?"
Just then, he heard a noise behind him.  He turned around and looked down.
Baby Echo saw his mother.  At last, he was happy.

Sports Cars
These cars are really fast.
This car is parked in front of a church.
This is the coolest, fastest car ever.
This is a very strange, slow car.
This is a sporty racing car.
What a lovely colour of car!
This looks like the Bat Mobile.
This red car looks like a lamborghini.

Outside
I like to play outside with my friends.
I like to hold on to the monkey bars.
I like to play on the swing in the playground.
I like to go fast down the slide.
It is fun when my friends and teachers are at the park with me!
The Lowell School is so much fun!

The 3 Little Pigs
This little pig made his house out of sticks.
This little pig made his house out of hay.
This little pig made his house out of bricks.
The big bad wolf wanted to eat the pigs.
The big bad wolf blew the stick house down.
The wolf blew the straw house down.
The big bad wolf huffed and puffed, but could not blow the brick house down.

The Three Little Pigs
The big bad wolf is hungry.
This little pig made his house out of hay.
This little pig bought some sticks for $2.00.
This little pig made his house out of bricks. Now he is chilling.
The first little pig made his house out of hay.
The second little pig made his house out of sticks.
The third little pig made his house out of bricks.

Fast Bikes
The best bike around is a Hog!!!
The black bike is faster than the blue bike.
This bike is good for show and tell.
Riding with friends is better.
This is a Low Rider!
Three wheelers are good for doing donuts.
Let's drag race!
Bad to the bone!
The end

Pigs! Pigs! Pigs!
Pigs are my favorite animal.
Pigs come in many different colors.
Pigs cool off in the mud.
Pigs have curly tails.
A pig's nose is called a snout.
Pigs are intelligent animals.
Pigs are lazy.
Baby pigs are called piglets.
I love pigs!

My Australian Animal
This is an echidna.
The echidna is a mammal and monotreme because it lays eggs.
It has sharp spines and claws.
The echidna is only found in Australia. They are usually found amongst rocks, in hollow logs and near bushland.
It uses its claws to dig out termites from ant hills and logs.
Baby echidnas are called puggles.

High School Musical
High School Musical is fun to watch!
I have seen all three of the movies.
High School Musical 3 was the best!
I like to listen to the songs.
A Night to Remember is my favorite song from High School Musical 3.
The clothes and shoes in the movie were so pretty.
My favorite girl in the movie is Gabriella.
My favorite boy in the movie is Troy.
I hope that there will be a High School Musical 4!

What Will You Do on Spring Break?
Mrs. Worthington will spend time with her 3 girls.
Tyler will play soccer.
Makenna will play with her dog.
Quentin will play with his dinosaur toys.
James will play with his new puppies.
Jonathan will play with his shark toys.
Zane likes to play on his skateboard.
Cameron will play with his dinosaur toys.
Jakob will play with his cat.
Damien will play with his shark toys.

Peter's Football Dream
Peter, get ready for the game.
Run with the ball.
Peter yells, "Hut, hut, hike."
Give it a good kick.
Tackle!
Touchdown!
And then the dance.
I love to get muddy.
Peter says, "I love football!"

Scott Likes Trucks
Five trucks at the toll booth.
One big green truck.
Nine orange trucks.
One yellow van.
One red truck and one yellow truck.
One red pick up truck.
One red and white tow truck.
One blue tow truck.
I see the engine.
One big orange truck.
What do you see?
One old orange truck.
What color is this truck?
This is a yellow truck cab.
One new blue truck.
Three green truck cabs.
One blue truck with BIG wheels.
How many trucks do you see?

Rabbit Friends
Milly and Max were friends.
Max heard something in the grass.
He hopped away to find out what it was.
It was a lost, hungry, baby bunny.
Milly gave the baby something to eat.
Now they were happy.

Little Red Riding Hood
Mummy told Little Red Riding Hood to visit her grandma.
She took a basket of fruit with her.
She walked through the woods.
Little Red Riding Hood got lost.
She met a wolf.
So she ran to her grandma's house.
She knocked on the door, and the wolf pretended to be the grandma.
Little Red Riding Hood killed the wolf.

Shapes
Can you see something in the shape of a square?
What is the shape of a circle?
What shape is the sail on the boat?
This sign has eight sides. It is an octagon.
This entrance is an arch.
What shapes can you see here?
This is a pentagon. It has five sides.
What is the shape of a rectangle?
Look at this walkway and the trees. What shape does it make?
What shape is the ferris wheel?
Can you see the oval shape?
What shapes can you see here?
How many triangles can you see?
Look! What shapes can you see around you?

Yolanda the Panda
Yolanda the Panda slurps candy for lunch.
It dribbles all over her hand.
I have a hunch,
having candy,
so handy,
is making her tummy expand.

Kristen's Trip to Hawaii
I want to go to Hawaii.
We will stay at the Hale Koa hotel in Honolulu.
I want to surf in Hawaii.
I want to hula dance when I go to Hawaii.
I want to eat bananas when I go to Hawaii.
I do NOT want to eat pineapple when I visit Hawaii.
We will go to the beach in Honolulu, Hawaii!
We will take an airplane when we travel to Hawaii.
Aloha!

Hermit Crabs
I like Speed Racer. Speed Racer is the name of our crab.
The Hulk is fast!
The crabs crawl.
I like hermit crabs.

Kittens
The kitty is nice.
Daddy and mommy cats.
A can with plants.
Kitty looks at Joey.
Kitty is mad.
Cat loves Dylan.

There was Little Turtle
There was a little turtle,
who lived in a box. He swam in a puddle.
He climbed on the rocks.
He snapped,
at a mosquito.
He snapped,
at a flea.
He snapped,
at a minnow,
and he snapped at me!
He caught the mosquito.
He caught the flea.
He caught the minnow.
But he didn't catch me.

Powerpuff Girls
The Powerpuff Girls are heroes.
They were made by a scientist named Professor Utonium.
He accidentally dumped in Chemical X.
Buttercup, Blossom, and Bubbles made a new Powerpuff Girl with a computer, some flowers,
some bubbles, more flowers, another computer, and then they dumped in Chemical X.
Mojo Jojo used machines to make animals that attacked the Powerpuff Girls.
The girls beat him up.

Measurement
A scale measures weight.
A ruler is good for measuring inches and centimeters.
This ruler measures snow.
This thermometer measures the temperature.
This thermostat measures the temperature inside of a house.
This clock measures time.
Through measurement we are able to understand our world.

The I-Dog Book
The I-Dog Book
This is an I-Dog.
Here's the little pooch out of the box.
I-Dog is also made in Japan.
I-dog, I-Cy, and I-Cat!
This is how you hook up the I-Pets: 1. First, and this is really important, turn them on. 2. Plug one end of the connector cord into the side of your I-Pet's input port. 3. Have fun!!!
Also, you can place them near a speaker because they all have a microphone.
All robots comes with a User's Guide.
I-Dog hanging with I-Cy. Brrrr!
I-Dog moving and dancing!!
This is what an I-Dog looks like from Japan.
Good-bye!

Frogs!
Frogs
Some frogs are green.
Frogs live in ponds.
Frogs have big eyes.
Frogs have long legs.
Frogs have a big mouth.
Frogs are animals.
Frogs eat insects.

Quilt Geometry
A quilt is a blanket made with bits of cloth.
Quilt triangles.
Quilt squares.
Quilt rectangles.
Quilt of circles.
Diamond quilt.
Star quilt.
Cats like quilts!
Squares and triangles fit together.
Squares and triangles again!
Do you see the hexagons in this one?
Super Mario is made from squares and rectangles.

Cars
I like the blue car.
I like the orange car.
I like the red car.
I like the green car.
I like the yellow car.
I like the black car.
I want the blue car!

Three Little Monkeys
Three little monkeys sitting in a tree teasing Mr. Alligator.
Can't catch me! Can't catch me!
Along came Mr. Alligator.
Quiet as can be.  Snap!
Two little monkeys sitting in a tree teasing Mr. Alligator.
Can't catch me! Can't catch me!
Along came Mr. Alligator.
Quiet as can be.  Snap!
One little monkey sitting in a tree teasing Mr. Alligator.
Can't catch me! Can't catch me!
Along came Mr. Alligator.
Quiet as can be.  Snap!
No little monkeys sitting in a tree.

A Fan of Taylor Swift
I love her music.
I have her music from her Fearless cd on my ipod.
My favorite song she sings is Love Story.
I would love to see her in concert. I would also love to meet her in person.
I think she is a good role model for young girls.

Spring is Here
All the grass is turning green,
turning green,
turning green.
All the grass is turning green.
Spring is here.
All the flowers are growing tall,
growing tall,
growing tall.
All the flowers are growing tall.
Spring is here.
All the birds are building nests,
building nests,
building nests,
All the birds are building nests.
Spring is here.
All the trees are budding now,
budding now,
budding now.
All the trees are budding now.
Spring is here.

Zack & Cody
I love to watch the Zack and Cody Show.
This is Zack.
This is Cody.
Zack and Cody have lots of fans.
I wish I could have their autograph.  That would be great.

Eating Colors
We eat colors.
Red apple.
Orange pumpkins.
Yellow banana.
Green lettuce.
Blue berries.
Purple grapes.
Pink strawberries.
Brown brownies.
Black olives.
Rainbow candy.
YUM!

Dora and Diego
I see Dora.
I see Boots.
Let's find Diego!
I see Diego.
Let's play!
Christopher wants to play.

I Like Shrek
I like Shrek.
I like Fiona.
I like Donkey.
I like Puss in Boots.

All About Plants
This plant has white petals.
The pistil is the part of the plant that makes the female sex cells, the eggs.
The ovary contains the egg cells.
A seed is an undeveloped plant with food stored in its covering.
Chlorophyll is the green in plants that help them make food by trapping the sun's energy.
The anther is the part of the plant that makes the pollen.
Spores are cells in a seedless plant that can grow into a new plant.
Fertilization is the joining of a female sex cell and a male sex cell into one cell,a fertilized egg.
Germination is the sprouting of a seed into a new plant.
Pollination is the transfer of a flower's pollen from anther to pistil.
Dormancy is a time in winter when plants stay alive by saving energy for growth in spring. Dormant trees drop their leaver to save water during the winter.
Plants are interesting.

My Brother's Birthday
My little brother had a birthday.
He is 3 years old.
Our family bought a cake.
He blew out the candles.
We sang "Happy Birthday."
My little brother laughed.

Way up High in the Apple Tree
Way up high in the apple tree,
five little apples smiled at me.
I shook that tree as hard as I could.
Down came the apples and mmmmm were they good!

John
John lives in New York. He makes maple syrup.
He makes 500 gallons in three minutes.
He delivers it in New York,
Hawaii,
Canada,
Massachusetts,
and Maine in five minutes.

I Like School
I like school. I like it a lot.
It's my favorite place, believe it or not.
I love blowing bubbles.
I love all the toys.
I love quiet,
and I love noise.
I love painting with feathers,
building with blocks,
reading good books,
and dancing in socks.
My teacher loves me. I know it's true.
She smiles and laughs the whole day through.
I'm a Pioneer kid. It's plain to see...
'cause I'm just as happy as a kid can be.

Mother's Day
Once a year, we celebrate Mother's Day.
Mother's Day is celebrated in the spring when the flowers are blooming.
Which is why they're a traditional Mother's Day present.
Sweet treats are also a great way to make Mom smile.
Mother's Day is celebrated all over the world.
In America, Mother's Day is on the second Sunday of the month of May.
It is a day to let Mom sleep in late.
Breakfast in bed will also make Mom happy.
Reading poetry to Mom is sure to make her smile.
A handmade necklace is a great Mother's Day present.
A framed picture of yourself is a present Mom will cherish forever.
But spending time with Mom is what she loves best.

Kit-Kat
Kit-Kat is an orange cat.
Kit-Kat likes to take naps. Zzzzz!
Kit-Kat likes to hide outside. Can you find him?
Kit-Kat has a lot of friends.
Kit-Kat likes to read on the computer.
Look a kitten!

Tools
This is my tool box.
This is my hammer.
This is my screw driver.
This is my saw.
This is my wrench.
This is my tape measure.
These are my pliers.
This is broken.

Dinosaurs
I love dinosaurs!
Dinosaurs come from eggs.
T-Rex is my favorite.
T-Rex eats dinosaurs for food.
Some eat grass and leaves.
Some run fast.
Some fly.
Some swim.
Some have three horns.
Some have sharp teeth.
Now they are in the museum.

Wrestling Takes Hold
Wrestling Takes Hold
Wrestling is one of the oldest sports that people have taken part in.
Wrestling began as far back as 3000 B.C.
The first matches were part of the training for the military.
A long time ago, wrestling became a sport in the Olympic games. It is still an Olympic sport today.
Since 1920, both freestyle wrestling and Greco-Roman wrestling have been featured at the Olympics.
At the 2000 Olympic games, eight classes of wrestling in both Greco- Roman and freestyle were exhibited.
Wrestling takes skill and strength.

Lightning
Lightning is my favorite thing.
The water reflects the lightning.
Lightning makes the sky bright.
Sometimes lightning is purple.
You can stay inside when there's a lightning storm.
You can see lightning through the water.

I Like to Eat
I like to eat bananas.
I like to eat spaghetti.
I like to eat eggs.
I like to eat apples.
I like to eat chicken.
I like to eat pears.
I like to eat candy.
I like to eat rice.
I like to eat cucumbers.

Scott Joplin
Scott Joplin played Ragtime music. He was known as "The King of Ragtime".
Scott Joplin was born in Texas on November 24,1868.
He liked to write music. Many of his ideas came from African music.
Scott Joplin played the piano.
Two songs he wrote were "The Mapleleaf Rag" and "The Entertainer".
His song "The Entertainer" was used in a famous movie in the 70's called "The Sting".
He died on April 1,1917.

Ben 10
Whenever Ben needs to smash or throw something, Four Arms is the alien of choice.
Wild Mutt is a blind alien that can shoot spines from its back.
 Gwen hates it when Ben turns into it.
Upgrade can merge with any mechanical device.
Heat Blast is the alien of choice when he needs to get through fire or burn things.
Grey Matter is 13cm tall (not very tall at all). He is good with mechanical objects.
XlR8 is a very good runner and is good at defeating enemies.
Rip Jaws is good at swimming and is the alien of choice when catching up to a boat.
Stink Fly is a stinky bug that is good at slowing people down. I wish I could have gotten a better picture than this.
Ben likes turning into Ghost-freak to get through walls.
Diamondhead is almost indestructible.
Look out for Ben 10 toys in your favourite shops, and my next book will be Ben 10 Alien Force. I hope some girls will like this book too.

Subtract Some More
Let's subtract!
I had 3 Easter eggs.
1 egg broke.
2 eggs were left.
There were 6 Easter bunnies.
2 bunnies hopped away.
4 bunnies were left.
There were 4 baby chicks.
3 chicks took a nap.
1 chick was left to play.
There were 2 chocolate rabbits.
I ate 1.
Yum!!
There was 1 chocolate rabbit left.

Tornado Survival Book
Tornadoes are powerful and dangerous.
Tornadoes cause a lot of damage.
Tornadoes are made of lots of wind.
Sometime tornadoes are called cyclones, dust devils and waterspots.
Tornadoes show up in the states of Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri and Kansas.

Black Cats
Brandon has a black cat.
The cat's name is Puffkin.
The black cat sits in the box.
The black cat is wearing a red coat.
The black cat sits on the couch.
The black cat is hiding in the grass.
The baby hugs the black cat.
The black cat is scary.
The black cat has yellow eyes.
The black cat has some white fur, too.
The black cat has a friend.
The black cat sits in the pumpkin.
The black cat sits on the bench.
The black cat runs.
The black cat walks in the snow.
Count the black cats.
The black cat is sniffing the flowers.
The black cat jumps.
The three black cats are sleeping.
The black cat is Superman.
The kitten is little.
The black cat is wearing a red collar.

Dora's Friends
This is Dora.
Boots is Dora's best friend.
I don't know if Swiper is Dora's friend.
Dora is my friend.  I love Dora the Explorer.

Camping
My family decided to go camping.
Here we are packing up the car.
Here is our tent.
Here is our sleeping bag.
Here is our camp stove.
Here is our camp fire.
Camping is so much fun.

My Favorite Things!
My Favorite Things!
My name is Kristin and these are a few of my favorite things...
My favorite hobby is clogging!
My favorite drink is Dr. Pepper!
My favorite food is Mom's chocolate gravy!
My favorite restaurant is Pizza Hut!
My favorite activity in P.E. is riding the scooter!
My favorite singer is Jordin Sparks!
My favorite candy is chocolate!

Owls
Today is a special day in our school.  Today is 4 Winds Day.
We are going to learn about owls from our friends, Mrs. Nagy and Mrs. O'Keefe.
There are all kinds of owls.
This is a Barred Owl.
This is a Snowy Owl.
This is a Barn Owl.
This is a Sawhet Owl.
This is a Screech Owl.
This is a Great Horned Owl.
Owls sleep during the day.
They are called nocturnal because they hunt mostly at night.
Owls are predators.
They eat small rodents and birds.
They use their sharp talons...
and sharp beaks to catch and tear their prey.
Owls fly on silent wings.
Their wings are specially developed to let air pass through them in such a way that their prey doesn't even hear them approaching.
Owls have two stomachs.  They begin breaking down their food in the first stomach.
The hair, fur, feathers and bones are then pushed back up to the first stomach.
The usable parts of the food are pressed out of the digested food in the second stomach.
The owl makes a pellet at this stage of digestion and then casts it out of its mouth.  It is called an owl pellet.
Owls are very interesting birds.
We loved learning about owls.

Biological Family
Ears
Body
Eyes
Smile
Nose
Hair
Feet

Baseball Fields
Baseball games are fun to go to.
Baseball fields are big.
Lots of fans can fit in a baseball field.
Fields are in the city.
Fireworks are after the game.

Spring Break
Spring Break
On spring break, you can swim.
You can go snorkeling.
You can play baseball.
You can go to New York.
You can sleep.

Leland and Pinocchio
Leland likes Pinocchio.
Pinocchio likes Leland.
Jiminy Cricket is Pinocchio's friend.
Pinocchio likes to dance and eat cake.
He also likes to write.
Leland would like to visit him some time. Good-bye for now.

Things I Do
I can look.
I can see.
I can gaze.
I can listen.
I can hear.
I can taste.
I can eat.
I can smell.
I can sniff.
I can feel.
I can hold.
I can touch.
I can think.
I can wish.
I can dream.

Water
I like the water.
I like to swim.
I like to jump in the waves.
I like to sail.

I Like Baseball
I like to play baseball.
I like to watch live baseball on TV.
I play baseball at Dell Diamond in Round Rock, Texas.
I play catcher behind the plate.
It is important to hit and catch the baseball when you play.
Professional baseball players are good. They do not cheat!
Being a spectator is lots of fun. We get to interact throughout the game.
I especially like to watch fireworks after the game.

I Love...
Love!
I love Coke!
I love my cat!
I love candy!
I love chips and queso!
I love the beach!
I love my dog!
I love listening to music!
I love a nice, hot bath!
But MOST of all...I love my husband!
The End

Going Mall Walking
Today we will go to the mall to exercise.
First, we will gather our things and get on the bus.
Next, we will stay in a group.
Then we will exercise by walking through the mall.
We might look for something special.
Someone may want to buy coffee.
Or check out the pet store.
Don't touch the animals!
Chocolate sounds good!
We will meet in the food court for a snack.
We will stay in a group.
We will get back on the bus.
We will come back to school.

Funny Dogs
Wee! Dogs like to swing.
These two are dressing up.
Big teeth!
Pretty as a picture.
It's sunny!
It is fun getting dressed.
Lots of fun!
I'm a cat, meow!
I'm a witch! Ha! Ha!
Two dogs mean twice the fun!
This doggy is taking a ride.
He is riding, too.

I Love the Monkees!
Do you know who the Monkees are?
They are a band from the 60's that started out as a T.V. show but became a real band.
The members are Davy Jones, Peter Tork, Mike Nesmith and Micky Dolenz.
They are the only band that has ever had the #1 ALBUM and #2 album at the same time!
This is the Monkees logo. I'm such a big fan that I have a tattoo of it!
Micky Dolenz was a big fan of Jimi Hendrix.
He opened for the Monkees twice.
But the crowd screamed, "We want the Monkees, we want the Monkees!"
So he walked off stage and never toured with the Monkees again.
Frank Zappa was a fan of the Monkees. This is him with Peter Tork.
This is the Monkee-mobile from their show.
Here is a toy model of it. I have this in my Monkee collection.
The Monkees' fans paid for their star on the Hollywood walk of fame.
Davy Jones has always been my favorite!
This is him when he was young.
This is Davy now.
I was lucky enough to have met him three different times!
This is Micky Dolenz.
All of the Monkees still perform as solo artists.
This was Davy Jones first solo album.
The Monkees have a movie called 'Head'.
Jack Nicholson produced the movie, 'Head'.
This is not my room, but my room used to look similar to this!
I LOVE the Monkees!

Easter Sunday
Easter Sunday
Chocolates for everyone.
Special gifts.
Pink bunnies.
Fresh eggs.
A gift for mom.
Special decorations.
Small yellow ducks.

Dice
This is a normal dice.
You can hang fuzzy dice in cars.
Dice can be used to learn to read.
Dice can be used to play games.
I like dice!

The Dodge Charger
Here are some 1970 Dodge Chargers!
This is a cool red one!
Do you like Dodge Chargers?
I wish I could own one for myself.
I especially like the one from the Dukes of Hazzard.
Do you know the name of this car?
It is called "The General Lee".
Have you ever seen the T.V. show?
Or how about the Dukes of Hazzard movie?
This place is called Cooters.
I would like to eat here.
Dodge Chargers come in all colors!
I really think red is my favorite!
This car is so sharp!
Maybe one day I can buy this car!
At least see it in person and take a picture with it.
That would make my day!

Naughty Johnny
Johnny emerged from his mother's inky, black Escalade.
He went up the narrow stone steps of Derek Jeter Middle School.
As he entered the building, the snow began to fall.
Johnny plodded along the tiles of the empty hallway.
The only sound was the thump, thump, thump of his black Nike shoes.

Day and Night
In the morning,
the sun comes up.
In the morning, I wake up.
In the morning, I brush my teeth.
In the morning, I get dressed.
In the morning, I eat breakfast.
In the morning, I go to school.
At night, the sun goes down.
The moon comes out.
At night, I eat dinner.
At night, I take a bath.
At night, I brush my teeth.
At night, I read a story.
Good night.

Author's Purpose
Author's Purpose
Some entertain. They make us laugh or cry.
Some explain.  This is how to make pancakes.
Some inform.  They tell us about Hawaii.
Some express opinions.  She dislikes chores.
Some try to persuade us not to give homework.
People write for different reasons.

Telling Time
Telling Time
Clocks have two hands.
The short hand points to the hour.
The long hand points to the minutes.
Minutes are counted by 5s starting at 12.
This is a digital clock.  Easy!
This is an analog clock.  What skill!

The Peanuts
Charlie Brown and his friends are together.
Lucy and Charlie Brown play football.
Snoopy is on his house.
Snoopy and Woodstock wear glasses and play songs.
Linus has a blanket.
Charlie Brown and Linus are in the snow.

A Rainbow of Fish
A Rainbow of Fish! by Dani
The manta ray is blue.
The goldfish are red.
This fish is yellow.
The starfish are pink and purple.
This fish is blue.
The clownfish is orange.
The fish eggs are brown.
The seahorse is green.
The jellyfish are white.
This fish is black.
Fish are very colorful.

See, Hear, Touch, Smell, and Taste
I see with my eyes.
I feel with my hands.
I hear with my ears.
I smell with my nose.
Some people taste with their mouth.

How to Make a PB&J
4-10-09
Materials include bread, jelly, peanut butter and a spoon.
Step one: Get 2 pieces of bread.
Step two: Spread peanut butter on one side of the bread.
Step three: Spread jelly on the other side of the bread.
Step four: Put the two pieces of bread together.
Step five: Eat and enjoy.

How to Make Coffee
4-10-09
Materials include a coffee pot, filter, coffee and water.
Step one. Put water in a pot.
Step two. Put a filter in.
Step three. Put the coffee in a filter.
Step four. Put a lid on the pot.
Step five. Plug the coffee pot in to perk.

Make a Super Cian Burger
4-10-09
Materials include a hamburger bun, cheese, Romano cheese and ham.
Step one: Get a hamburger bun.
Step two: Put on ham and Romano cheese.
Step three: Add more cheese and Romano cheese.
Step four: Put on more cheese and Romano cheese.
Step five: Put it together.

How to Make a Pinewood Derby
4-10-09
Materials include a box and paint.
Step 1: Get the Pinewood Derby box kit.
Step 2: Open it. Take everything out of the box.
Step 3: Sand the parts.
Step 4: Paint it.
Step 5: Put it together.

How to Play Wii
4-10-09
Materials are a remote, game and a player.
Step one. Plug it in.
Step two. Turn it on.
Step three. Put the disc in.
Step Four. Get the remote.
Step Five. Play the game.

The "it" Word Family
The cat bit me!
They are fit.
Can you see one pit?
She hit.
The candle is lit.
Do you see the mitt?
I quit!
Do they like to sit?

Flowers
We like flowers.
This flower is yellow.
This flower is pink.
This flower is red.
This flower is blue.
This flower is white.
This flower is purple.
This flower is orange.
We like colorful flowers.

My Engine Speeds
My body is like an engine with different speeds.
Sometimes it is at low speed.
At low speed, my engine moves slowly.
I think of it as a slow walk or stroll.
There are times it is good to be at low speed. It is good for relaxing.
When my body is at just right speed, I feel like I am jogging.
I can think so clearly.
I can concentrate and am not distracted.
Sometimes my jogging turns into a run.
I am distracted by my surroundings.
I think too much about what is going on around me and what others are doing.
That is fast speed. It may be OK in a race, but not when I am trying to do my work.
When I need to work, I can change my body to just right speed. I think of it as a very focused jog!

Earth Day
In 1963, former senator, Gaylord Nelson, began to worry about our planet.
Senator Nelson knew that our world was getting dirty.
He knew that many of our plants and animals were dying.
He decided to have a special day to teach everyone about the things that needed changing in our environment.
On April 22, 1970, the first Earth Day was held.
People all over the country made promises to help the environment.
Everyone got involved and since then Earth Day has spread all over the planet.
People work to find clean ways to use energy.
People work to save water and keep it clean.
People work to stop the air from getting dirtier.
People work to save the ice for polar bears.
People work to save the forests for pandas.
Gorillas need big forests to survive.
Turtles need clean open beaches to hatch from their nests.
What can we do to help?
We can keep things out of the landfill.
We can save our used plastic, glass, and paper.
This recycling truck takes glass, plastic and paper to the factory.
This carpet was made from recycled plastic.
All of these new paper things are made from used paper.
Old wooden things can be used again.
Earth Day is our special day to look at the planet and see what needs changing.

The End of Jack
Once upon a time in the country, there lived a boy named Jack and his mom. They were very poor.
One day, Jack's mom sent him to town to sell the milk and the cow. They needed money because they were very poor.
Jack met an old man who said, "I'll trade these magic beans for your pants." Jack said, "No thanks." "Then I'll have to throw you off a cliff!" said the old man. Jack replied, "Okay, I'll trade my pants for the magic beans."
When Jack got home, his mom asked, "Jack, where are your pants?" "Well, Mom," said Jack slowly, "I traded my pants for these magic beans." "What!" said his mom very crossly. As quick as a wink, she threw the magic beans into the garden. Jack was sent to bed with no dinner.
The next morning, Jack saw a giant volcano with a beanstalk on the side of it in the garden. He climbed up the volcano and then up the beanstalk.
At the top, he saw a castle shaped like a unicorn and made out of clouds. He went in the castle and saw a sleeping giant and a bag of silver.
Jack grabbed the bag of silver and raced down the beanstalk, down the volcano, and home.
The next morning, Jack went back up and into the castle. This time he saw the sleeping giant and a giant dinosaur that laid gold eggs!!! He grabbed it and rushed out of the castle and went bouncing down the beanstalk, down the volcano to home.
The last day, Jack went up the beanstalk and this time the giant was awake!!! "Fe,fi,fo,fum, I smell the blood of an English man," said the giant. He saw Jack climbing down the beanstalk! He cut down the beanstalk and Jack fell into the volcano and lived happily Never after.

Our World
Our World
There are glaciers. They are high and cold.
There are deserts, which are very hot.
There are small islands.
There are big islands. This island is cold.
There are high volcanoes.
There are wide rivers and long rivers.
There are big, cold lakes.
Best of all, there's my home!

Our Flower Garden
Welcome to our flower garden.
This is a pretty white and pink flower.
Two friends at the flower garden.
Lots of beautiful flowers.
These flowers smell good.
Orange flowers.
Who put this flower in my ear?
Bees are working hard.
What a pretty pansy.
Three cool guys at the flower garden.
The End!

Having Fun Snowmobiling
I went snowmobiling with my dad.
We were at my aunt's house.
We turned a lot of corners.
I almost fell off!
I got snow on my face!
My dad got snow on his face, too!
Soon, it was time to go.
I hope we can go again!

Nine Little Puppies and a Dog
The puppy is  sitting on the pillow.
Two puppies  are silly.
The  baby  is hugging the puppy.
The  puppy is  running.
The puppy  is sitting.
The  puppy  is  sleeping.
The  puppy  is   playing.
The  puppy  is  sleeping  and  eating.

Hot Rods
This red car is awesome.
This is my grandpa's car.
Vin Diesel drove a GTO like this one.
The car is really old.
This is a 1966 Corvair.
This Trans Am will go very fast.
This Mustang goes very fast.

My Favorite Sports
I love to swim in pools.
I was the manger of the girls JV basketball team.
I play baseball on the Challenger team with my friends.
I like to watch the Yankees with my father.
I golf at the Wolfert's Roost with my dad and mom.
I go bowling with my friends on Tuesdays.
I ski with Mrs. Daniels on Sundays during the winter.
I have a pink bike that I am learning to ride.
My dad and I are huge fans of the Giants.
My family likes to go to the River Rats hockey games.

Puggles
Puggles are a mix breed dog.  They are a mix of a pug and a beagle.
Puggles live an average of 10 to 15 years.
Puggles are well behaved with children and are very playful.
Coat color can vary within the same puggle litter.
Some people like puggles because they are small and cute.

Rock Bands
Rock bands have singers.
Some singers just sing.
Some singers play the guitar, too.
Some singers dress up.
Girls and boys both sing.
Some singers dance.
Some singers wear sunglasses.
Rock bands have guitar players.
Some guitar players have a mohawk.
Some guitar players are old.
Rock bands have drummers.
Drums are important to rock bands.
Peace out!

My Sesame Street Book
I love to swim!!
I love cookies!
I am Big Bird and this is Oscar the Grouch!
These are my friends.

Hunter
My name is Hunter.
This is my mama and papa.
This is my big brother, Taavo.
This is my brother, Kaelan.
This is my baby brother, Soren.
This is the cake I made for my mom.
I like raspberries.
This is the cake I made for my dad.
I like to swing.
I like to spin.
I like to bounce on my bed.
I love my life.

Flying with Dirt Bikes
I like to jump high on dirt bikes.
I like to win races.
I like the color and the number 7 on this dirt bike.
I like to fly downhill on my dirt bike.
I would love to do no handers off my dirt bike.
Riding dirt bikes is fun.

I Love School Buses
I like to ride the bus in the winter.
These buses took students on a trip.
This bus may be at a bus stop.
These red lights flash when a student is getting picked up or dropped off.
This student is probably a walker.
Here is a student sitting on the bus.
These buses are waiting for school to end to take the students home.

Jordan and Ninna
Here are Jordan and Ninna.
This is Jordan.
This is Ninna.
Jordan is a Shrek Easter bunny.
Ninna is a funny Easter bunny.
This is the turtle face.
Ninna is so silly!
Jordan looks like a movie star.
Jordan is the next American Idol!
Jordan and Pappy are asleep.  Good night.

Horses Like to...
Horses Like to...
Horses like to eat.
Horses like to run.
Horses like to play together.
Horses like to rest.
Horses like to sleep.
Good-night.

Flowers for Osman
I see a pink flower.
I see a blue and yellow flower.
I see a bee!
I see a small hummingbird.
I see a bee flying.
I see two big flowers.
I see a small lady bug.
I see a hummingbird.
I love flowers in the spring.

S Book
S is for sailboat.
S is for spaghetti.
S is for strawberry.
S is for soup.
S is for sunset.
S is for spoons.
S is for snake.
S is for spider.
S is for sandwich.
S is for sleep.
S is for salad.
School's out. Sensational!!

The Life of a Butterfly
These are butterfly eggs.
The caterpillar emerges from the egg.
The caterpillar eats lots and lots of leaves.
The caterpillar makes a chrysalis.
The butterfly emerges from the chrysalis.
The butterfly dries its wings.
The butterfly looks for a place to lay its eggs, and the cycle begins again.

What am I?
What am I?
I have big eyes.
I have a long tail.
I eat bananas.
I have hands, just like people.
I live with my family.
What am I?
I am a monkey.

Chinchillas
Chinchillas are soft.
Chinchillas eat Cheese Nips and pellets.
You can buy a chinchilla at the pet store.
Chinchillas are comfortable.
I like chinchillas!

The Busy Spider
A story about a very busy spider.
One sunny day...
A spider jumped on a fence.
"Neigh, neigh," said the horse.
"Do you want to come for a ride?"
"No, I'm working."
"Moo, moo," said the cow.
"Do you want to eat some grass?"
"No, I'm working."
"Baa, baa," said the sheep.
"Do you want to run?"
"No, I'm working."
"Maa, maa," said the goat.
"Do you want to jump?"
"No, I'm working."
"Oink, oink," said the pig.
"Do you want to play in the mud?"
"No, I'm working."
"Woof, woof," said the dog.
"Do you want to chase a cat?"
"No, I'm working."
"Meow, meow," said the cat.
"Do you want to sleep?"
"No, I'm working."
"Quack, quack," said the duck.
"Do you want to swim?"
"No, I'm waiting."
"Cluck, cluck," said the chicken.
"Do you want to catch a fly?"
Surprise! The spider caught the fly and ate him up.
"Whoo, whoo," said the owl.
"Who made this beautiful web?"
The spider just slept. It had been a very, very, very busy day.

The World of Basset Hounds
When you think about owning your own dog, it is important to research the breed you are interested in.
The Basset Hound is a large dog with short legs.  The most common trait to the Basset Hound is long ears and droopy eyes.
Basset Hounds are part of the Hound group. They are bred to track rabbits and hares.
Their long noses and long ears help with tracking one specific smell.
With their nose to the ground, Basset Hounds are good trackers.  They move quickly, which is surprising because of their short legs.
But with great speed comes a long rest.  Basset Hounds need their rest and they love their nap times.
Although Basset Hounds have low maintenance, they do need their ears cleaned once a week and their coat brushed also.
As with any dog, the cute puppy you see will turn into an adult dog.
But the number one requirement to owning any dog is to love them and make them part of your family. Just like Trooper is part of my family.

Animals Eating
What do animals eat?
Squirrels eat nuts.
Mice eat seeds.
Butterflies eat nectar from flowers.
Ducks eat leaves.
Horses eat grass.
Some dogs eat bones.
But... cats should not drink Coca Cola!

My Three Wishes
I found a lamp and rubbed it.
A genie came out and gave me 3 wishes.
I got 100 million dollars.
I got a house with a pool.
The car has terrific rims .

We Feel...
We feel happy when we watch movies.
We feel mad when we get hungry.
We feel silly when we get tickles.
We feel sad when we get sick.
We feel scared when someone is angry.
We have lots of feelings, but best of all, we like to feel happy!

Tiger, Tiger
Tiger, Tiger, what do you see? I see a ...
Wolf, Wolf, what do you see? I see a ...
Giraffe, Giraffe, what do you see? I see a...
Polar Bear, Polar Bear, what do you see? I see a ...
Meerkat, Meerkat, what do you see? I see a ...
Gorilla, Gorilla, what do you see? I see a ...
Parrot, Parrot, what do you see? I see ...
Children looking at me.

Lion, Lion
Lion, Lion, what do you see? I see a ...
Hippopotamus, Hippopotamus, what do you see? I see a ...
Panda Bear, Panda Bear, what do you see? I see a ...
Otter, Otter, what do you see? I see a ...
Penguin, Penguin, what do you see? I see a ...
Zebra, Zebra, what do you see I see a ...
Monkey, Monkey, what do you see? I see a ...
Elephant, Elephant, what do you see? I see ...
Children looking at me!

Food ABC's
A for apple.
B for banana.
C for cranberry.
D for doughnut.
E for egg.
F for French fry.
G for grapes.
H for hamburger.
I for ice-cream.
J for jelly.
K for kiwi.
L for lima beans.
M for mashed potatoes.
N for nutmeg.
O for oranges.
P for popsicles.
R for radish.
S for syrup.
T for tomato.
U for unleavened bread.
V for vegetables.
W for watermelon.
Y for yellow squash.
Z for zucchini.

Birds in New Jersey
The Goldfinch is New Jersey's state bird.
The Bald eagle is seen in New Jersey.
Turkeys run wild in New Jersey.
Seagulls can be seen at the beach and in parking lots.
Cardinals are a beautiful sight.
A robin is one of the first signs that spring is here!
Blue jays make their nests in the trees.

Poison Ants
Some ants are scary because they are poisonous, like a bulldog ant.
Let's talk about a bulldog ant.
A bulldog ant hides under a leaf.
When an insect walks by, it will run out and jab it with its poisonous jaw.
Then it will shred its prey.  Now let's talk about a different ant.
Worker ants grab the cocoon very gently and the cocoon lets out a little silk.
They let out a little silk because the silk inside the cocoon helps to protect the baby ants inside the cocoon.
And just to tell you, this story isn't just about poisonous ants.
A bulldog ant, when chasing a human, will poison the person who it bites.
And he or she will have to go to the hospital.  I don't know if there are poisonous ants in New Hampshire.
I saw a fire ant before.  Fire ants might be in New Hampshire.  WATCH OUT!!!

Changing
Crawling
Changing
Hatching
Flying
Planting
Growing
Watering
Swimming
Changing
Hopping

IMAX?
Ernie thinks this is an "Old Wife" fish. I likes coral reefs and cold ocean waters.
Dolphins are Jasmaine's and Ernie's favorite. They are not fish.  They are mammals.
Shoaib loves Sting Rays.  They are related to sharks.
Some goldfish live in the sea.
Hector wants to see a hammerhead shark. He only wants to see one in the movie, though.
King angel fish are very pretty.  There are a lot of different kinds of angelfish.
The lionfish has a poisonous spine so no fish or scuba divers want to get close.
This is a sea slug.
Sharks eat people.  Hector wants to see one at IMAX. He doesn't want to swim with a shark.
Shoaib wants to eat a porcupine fish.  That wouldn't be smart.  It blows itself up for protection.
Hector will see an eel.  Will it be blue?
A tomato clownfish just like Nemo.
A horse that lives in the sea?  Do we ride these horses?
Our whole class loves seahorses.
Ernie said this octopus shoots black ink when it gets mad.
Shoaib likes the octopus.  He thinks we will see one at IMAX tomorrow.

Some Cars are...
Some cars are small.
Some cars are big.
Some cars are new.
Some cars are old.
Some cars are fast.
Some cars are slow.
Some cars are cool.
Some cars are not!

Pretty Flowers
Yellow flowers.
Pink flowers.
Pink and purple flowers.
Red flowers.
Pink flowers.
Red and white flowers.
Purple and orange flowers.
Yellow and pink flowers.
Purple flowers.
Pink and white flowers.
Purple and yellow flowers.
Orange and yellow flowers.
Yellow flowers.
Purple flowers.
We like pretty flowers.

Wolves
Wolves
A wolf looks like a large German Shepherd dog.
Wolves live and hunt in packs.
Wolves live in Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Alaska.
The wolf eats old and sick animals by wounding or hurting an elk or moose.
A wolf pup weighs 1 pound at birth and is blind and helpless.
When a wolf comes back from a hunt, it will regurgitate some food for the young.
Wolves will defend their territory.
A wolf will talk to friends and enemies by howling.
It is a known fact that a wolf has never hurt a human, except in fables and movies.
The End

Feeling Part 1
I can feel the  leaves.  They feel soft.
I can feel the seed.  It feels warm.
I can feel the sand on the stairs.  It feels gross.
I can feel the stairs.  They feel hard.
I can feel the railing.  It feels a little cold.
I can feel the stone.  It feels hard.
I can feel the car window.  It feels smooth and nice.  
I'm going to drive away!

If I Were a Seed
If  I  were  a  seed,  someone  would  plant  me  in  the  ground.
Then  they  would  water  me  and  give  me  sunlight.
After  a  few  days,  I  would  grow  into  a  small  stem.
Then  I  would  grow  to  be  a  little  bigger.  Next,  I  would  grow  leaves.
Last,  I  would  have  a  big  flower  on  me.  Someone  would  come  pick  and  smell  me.
I  would  be  put  in  a  vase  with  water  and  soil.  They  would  have  to  put  me  in  a  sunny  spot.
After  a  few  weeks,  I  would  die.  After,  I  died  that  would  be  the  end  of  me!

The Elephant's Habitat
The elephant's habitat has a pond and some grasslands.
You can see a reflection of the big elephant in the pond.
There are lily pads and green grasses floating on the pond.
Elephants need to drink lots of water.
They feed on the grasses in their habitat.
An elephant's habitat is important for their survival.

Baseball
Baseball is a well known sport around the world.
Many people of all ages play it.
The athletes that play pro baseball get paid the most out of all sports.
It's a really fun sport.
Now girls started playing this sport, but it is called softball, which is basically the same thing.
Some get to pitch the "first pitch" in a MLB game.

Central Park
Central Park is in
New York City.
Central Park is located in Manhattan.
More than 25 million people visit each year.
There are lots of things to do in the park.
You can sit and rest,
or go for a ride on the merry-go-round.
There are lots of statues,
and people to see.
You can go ice skating,
or visit the Central Park Zoo.
You can go for a walk, ride a boat,
or listen to music.
There is so much to do.
You will have to visit again.

Shaun's Garbage Trucks and Street Sweepers
Shaun likes garbage trucks.
Some garbage trucks are white.
Some garbage trucks are green.
Some garbage trucks are red.
Some garbage trucks have front loaders.
This is a yellow toy  garbage truck.
This toy garbage truck is green and yellow.
This toy has a front loader.
Shaun likes street sweepers.
This street sweeper is green.
This street sweeper is lifting its hopper.

Shrek and I
This is Shrek!
This is my family! Fiona is my wife!
Shrek and Fiona went for a nature walk!
Shrek and Fiona are happy!

Star Wars Legos
I like Legos.
I like to build Legos!
I want to get Star Wars Legos!
Star Wars Legos are cool!
I like Legos!

Cats, Cats, and More Cats
This is a tiger. He is sitting by the water.
This is a baby kitty. She likes to be pet.
These cats are fighting.
I think these cats are dancing.
What is this cat looking at? I think it might be a fire truck.
The cat is taking a nap. Shhhh!
I hope that they don't bite each other.
Punch, punch, punch!
These cats are waiting to go home with you.

Horses
A horse can run.
A horse can walk.
A horse can jump.
A horse can buck.
A horse can work.
A horse can play.
A horse can drink.
A horse can eat.
A horse can swim.
A horse can carry.
A horse can have a baby.
A horse can rest.
A horse can be beautiful!

Bird Trouble.
Lalita had fed the bird and gone out to meet a friend.
She had left the door of the cage open.
Marina, the bird, flew out.
Wendy, the cat, was watching.
She chased the bird.
The house was a mess.
Marina flew back in her bird cage.
What will Kim say when she gets home?

Habesne Mensam?
Mensa
Habesne Mensam?
Mensae
Habesne mensas?
Habesne mensam?
Mensam habeo!
Janua
Habesne januam?
Januam  habeo!
Stylus
Habesne stylum?
Stylum habeo !
Styli
Habesne stylos?
Stylos habeo!
Pileus
Habesne pileum?
Pileum habeo!
Pilei
Habesne pileos?
Pileos habeo!
Penna
Habesne pennam?
Pennam habeo!
Pennae
Habesne pennas?
Pennas habeo!
latinum.org.uk

Sunprints
How can we take a photo without a camera?
All you need is the sun...
and some special blue paper.
Read the instructions on the kit.
Place an object on the paper. Put it in the sunshine.
When the paper turns pale, carry it inside.
Put the paper in a basin of water.
You will see the paper turn blue again.
But now it will have an image of your object!
These were made with earphones.
This is how paper clips and a safety pin turn out.
Ferns always make pretty sunprints.

About Fire Trucks
This old fashion truck is parked in the street.
These fire trucks are parked in the fire station, ready to go.
The fire trucks are in the parade.
The fire truck helps the firemen to put out the fire because it has ladders and water.
Firemen are training to put out fires.
Firemen wait for the bell to ring.
The lights and siren are not on when there's not a fire.
This is a Humvee fire truck. It can go anywhere!
The police and ambulance travel with the fire trucks to emergencies.

SALVE, AMICE!
SALVE, AMICE!
SALVETE, AMICI!
SALVE, AMICA! ES LAETA.
SALVETE, AMICAE! ESTIS CONTENTAE.
SALVE, PUER!  ES PUER HILARULUS.
SALVETE, PUERI! ESTIS PUERI EXCITATI.
SALVE, FEMINA! ES FEMINA PULCHRA.
SALVETE, FEMINAE! ESTIS FEMINAE BONAE.
SALVE, VIR! ES VIR STRENUUS.
SALVETE, VIRI! ESTIS VIRI DEFESSI.
SALVE, TERRA! ES MUNDUS MIRUS.

Datives II
Pueri ancillis cenam quarebant.


The boys were looking for dinner for the slave girls.
Puellae libertis cenas dederunt.


The girls gave dinners to the freedmen.
Feminae poetis gladios offerebant.

Women were offering swords to poets.
Puellae poetis fabulas narrabant.

The girls were telling stories to the poets.

The Deathly Hallows Part 2
The Potters and the Weasleys go to Hogwarts on the Hogwarts Express and arrive at their academy, Hogwarts.
Albus, Rose, and Hugo get onto the first-year boats with Hagrid. When they go inside, they see Professor Neville.
In the fall, James and Albus lie on the ground under their dad's invisibility cloak, not knowing that it's invisible. When people passed by, they thought they were not living. They didn't see their bodies. But Neville knew they weren't dead.
When they're out in the forest on a Saturday, James  and Albus Potter find the elder wand.
On Sunday, Rose and Hugo find the resurrection stone in Aragog's clearing. They combine all of the Deathly Hallows and all the characters become the rulers of Death and Living.

parvula arānea
arāneum
parvula arānea
ascendit.
arānea ascendit.
parvula arānea ascendit.
arānea canālem intrat.
sūrsum ascendit.
nimbus adest.
pluit.
et pluit.
iterum pluit.
pluvia arāneam lavat.
aqua ē canāle effundit.
ecce!
sol lucet.
parvula aranea ascendit.
canālem intrat.
sūrsum ascendit.
iterum!

Washing Hands
Hand washing is important because you stay healthy and don't get germs.
Wash your hands before and after you eat.
Wash your hands before and after you pull weeds.
Wash your hands before you cook dinner.
Wash your hands before and after you go fishing.
Wash your hands when you use the bathroom.
Wash your hands after you play on the playground.
Wash your hands before and after you play.

Snacks I Like to Eat
I  like  to  eat  Goldfish.
I  like  to   eat  Doritos.
I   like   to   eat   grapes.
I  like  to  eat  apples.
I  like   to   eat   strawberries.
I  like to  eat  pears.
I  like  to eat  chips.
I  like to eat  pretzels.
I  like  to  eat  M&M's.
I  like  to  eat  Wheat  Thins.
I  like  to  eat  Cheez-Its.
I  like  to  eat  cookies.

Our G Book
Gg
G is for ghost.
G is for goat.
G is for gate.
G is for gorilla.
G is for geese.
G is for glue stick.
G is for game.
G is for grandma.
G is for gourd.
G is for guard.
G is for giraffe.
G is for glasses.
G is for grandpa.
G is for golf.
Gg

Cows are Cool
This cow is lying down in a field. Sometimes I wish I could do that.
Cows are naturally curious. That is why this one got so close to the camera.
In the summer when they get hot, they lie down under trees.
Cows close their eyes when it gets dusty.
These cows are NOT from around here. How do we know?
Time to be milked. They are headed for the barn.

Interesting Turtles
This turtle is near a lake. Someday, one of us is going to buy Mr C. a cottage near a lake.
Turtles are reptiles. They eat jellyfish, frogs, fish and small mammals.
Sea turtles migrate in order to lay their eggs.
They dig the holes in the sand with their flippers.
They have scaly skin.
This bird is going to eat a turtle.

Trip to Columbus
Columbus is a great place to visit. Ohio State University in Columbus has a great stadium!
I want to travel to  Columbus by car. It will be 398 miles. It will cost about $48.00 for gas.
I will stay at the Best  Western, North Columbus.
I want to go to the Columbus Zoo. I like to watch animals.
Cosi would be fun to see.
I will eat out in restaurants, like Bob Evans and the Atomic Cafe.
It will cost $269.00 for my trip.
It will be fun!

Our Mealworms
A mealworm is going in a Venus Fly Trap.
Then it got eaten by the plant.
The mealworm got eaten by a rat.
Now there are lots of mealworms.
The mealworms are  partying.
It looks like they're in a tanning booth.

Three Little Monkeys
Three little monkeys sitting in a tree, teasing Mr. Alligator.
Can't catch me. Can't catch me.
Along came Mr. Alligator, quiet as can be.
Snap!
Two little monkeys sitting in a tree, teasing Mr. Alligator.
Can't catch me. Can't catch me.
Along came Mr. Alligator, quiet as can be.
Snap!
One little monkey sitting in a tree, teasing Mr. Alligator.
Can't catch me. Can't catch me.
Along came Mr. Alligator, quiet as can be.
Snap!
No more little monkeys sitting in the tree.

Marly's Adventures
Once there was a dog named Marly.
Marly liked to run, so she went up a hill.
She saw a rabbit. She said, "Hi!"
Marly said, "I need help down."
So, the rabbit helped her.
Then she saw her house. She said, "There it is."
They went to Marly's house.
The rabbit wanted
to stay. Marly said, "She can stay." Marly and the rabbit became best friends.

Books
Oh! Bury me in books when I am dead,
Fair quarto leaves of ivory and gold,
And silk octavos, bound in brown and red,
That tales of love and chivalry unfold.
Heap me in volumes of fine vellum wrought,
Creamed with the close content of silent speech;
Wrap me in sapphire tapestries of thought
From some old epic out of common reach.
I would my shroud were verse-embroidered too—-
Your verse for preference—in starry stitch,
And powdered o’er with rhymes that poets woo,
Breathing dream-lyrics in moon-measures rich.
Night holds me with a horror of the grave,
That knows not poetry, nor song, nor you;
Nor leaves of love that down the ages weave
Romance and fire in burnished cloths of blue.
Oh, bury me in books, and I’ll not mind
The cold, slow worms that coil around my head;
Since my lone soul may turn the page and find
The lines you wrote to me, when I am dead.

What am I?
What am I?
I have big ears.
I have big legs.
I have a long trunk.
I have a tail.
I am grey.
What am I?
I am an elephant.

What am I?
What am I?
I have wings that are colorful.
I eat nectar.
I live in the jungle and the garden.
What am I?
I am a butterfly.

Animals I Like
Animals I Like
I like elephants.
I like baboons.
I like bears.
I like monkeys.
I like Timon and Pumba.
I like kangaroos.
I like lions.

Gabriel and Gabriel
This is a story called Gabriel and Gabriel.
We both go to the same school but are in different classes.
We both like to play football.
We both go to each others' houses to play video games.
We both like football. One of the teams we both like is the 49ers. We  both like Frank Gore.
We both like to watch UFC, and our favorite fighter is Nick Diaz.
We have been friends since Kindergarten.
Our dads went to school with each other.

Sam the Sea Otter and Friends
Sam the Sea Otter and Friends
One day, Sam the Sea Otter found a clam. He opened the clam and inside was a magical pearl.
He took care of the pearl and a few days later Mariell the Mermaid came for the pearl.
She  slapped the pearl out of Sam's hand and Sam said,"THIS PEARL IS MINE!"
But, the mermaid swam off, and Sam went after her. He caught up and took the pearl back.
They were fighting over the pearl. Suddenly, it cracked. Out came a penguin named Poppy.
Poppy needed someone to take care of him, so Mariell and Sam had to  work together. They became best friends because they had a lot in common.
Sam, Mariell and Poppy lived happily ever after as the three amigos.

Dogs
I see a dog.
Dogs are in the grass.
I like dogs.
Dogs run.
Dogs play in the snow.
Dogs walk.
Dalmatians have spots.
The dog has a red ball.
Dogs sleep.
Get up.
I see a shepherd dog.
Dogs fight.
Dogs like flowers.
Dogs like frogs.
Wolf dogs fight.

I Like to Play Instruments
I like to play the guitar.
I like to play the maracas.
I like to play the drum.
I like to play the bells.
I like to play the tambourine.
I like to play the piano.
I like to play the trumpet.
I like to play the harp.
I like to play the violin.
I like to play the accordion.
I like to play the tuba on my head.

A Pond Story
A Pond Story
Ducks live in ponds.
Turtles live in ponds.
Frogs live in ponds.
Fish live in ponds.
Butterflies live by ponds.
Snakes live by ponds.

Arm's Length
When my arm is out straight, we don't touch. That's an arm's length.
We walk together an arm's length away.
While we talk, we are an arm's length away.
I won't touch you when we talk.
I won't bump into you when I walk by.
When I walk by older people...
or people who use a cane,
I'll slow down and give them a little more room.
When I see people talking, I will not walk between them. I will go around.
When I talk to you,
I'll stand still as a tree.
I'll smile. I stayed in my space.

Canis et Lupus
Canis et Lupus
Ecce Lupus!
Ecce silva!
Lupus domum habet in silva.
Lupus in silva cibum quaerit.
Non multum cibum ínvenit.
Lupus macer est.
Quam macer Lupus est!
Ecce Canis!
Canis domum habet in urbe.
Canis Dómino servit.
Dóminus cibum Cani dat.
Dóminus multum cibum Cani dat.
Canis pinguis est.
Quam pinguis Canis est!
Canis Lupo occúrrit.
CANIS: "Salve, amíce!"
LUPUS: "Salve, amíce!"
LUPUS: "Mirátus sum: quam pinguis es tu!"
LUPUS: "Cibum semper quaero, sed saepe non invénio."
LUPUS: "Unde tantum cibum habes tu?"
CANIS: "Dóminus meus cibum mihi dat."
CANIS: "Cibum mihi dat de mensa sua!"
LUPUS: "Sed vídeo in collo tuo cicatríces."
LUPUS: "Unde cicatríces in collo habes?"
CANIS: "Mi amíce, hoc nihil est."
CANIS: "Intérdum me álligant caténa."
CANIS: "Caténa cicatríces mihi in collo facit."
LUPUS: "Quam miser es tu, Canis!"
LUPUS: "Cibum habes."
LUPUS: "Sed cibus servitútis est."
LUPUS: "Vale, mi amíce!"
LUPUS: "Volo vívere in libertáte, non in servitúte."
Vocabula:
Aesopus.PBWorks.com/1

Handwashing
We must wash our hands to keep clean and healthy.
When you are going to the bathroom and when you are done, you have to wash your hands.
When you prepare food, you have to wash your hands before you serve the food.
After you are done playing outside, wash your hands. If you don't, and you put your hands in your mouth, you could get sick.
If you put the garbage in the garbage can, wash your hands.
Wash your hands after you touch a little dog, and before you touch a baby.
Remember to wash your hands after you go outside, touch an animal and anything dirty.

Venatione
Catus: "Mihi placet venatio."
Venator venatur feras.
Hic venator est  catus (felis).
Felis purgat domum a muribus.
Ecce muscipula.
Etiam muscipula purgat domum a muribus.
Ecce: Venator.
Ecce: Canis. Hic canis venator est.
Ubi sunt canes?
Ecce!
Canis sagax vestigat feram.
Canis sagax persequitur.
Ecce vertagus.
Vertagus persequitur.
Puer: Insidiabor gryllis!
Ecce, Gryllus!
Ecce rana.
Caerulea est rana.
Rana induta est pelle caerulea.
In propria pelle qviescit.
Tranqvilla est rana.
Puella: Ego ranas captabo!
Puella: "Papiliones captabo ego!"
Ecce Papilio.
Ecce eruca.
Papilio est insecta alata.
Papilio est alata eruca.
Eruca, larva est.
Larva papilionis pedes habet vel decem (10) vel qvattuordecim (14) vel sexdecim (16).
Larva mutatur in pupam.
Pupa (Chrysalis) est cava intus.
In pupa, nasciturus est papilio
ceu infans in cunis.
latinum.org.uk

Majorum Londiniarum
Henricus de Corenhell et Ricardus filius Reynerii
Isti fuerunt primi vicecomites Londoniarum
facti ad festum Sancti Michaelis, anno gratie Millo centesimo LXXXVIII
anno primo regni Regis Ricardi;
et eodem anno destructi sunt Judaei per Angliam.
eodem anno factus est Henricus filius Eylwini
de Londene-stane
Major Londoniarum;
qvi fuit primus
Major
in Civitate
et duravit Major
usqve ad finem vitae suae,
scilicet fere per viginti qvinqve annos.
Et eodem anno idem Rex
et Philippus, Rex Francie
aggressi sunt
versus Jerosolimam
et innumerabilis populus
cruce signatorum
cum eis.
**Finis**
latinum.org.uk

What Am I?
What Am I?
I eat bananas.
I live in the trees.
I have four legs.
I have a tail.
I can swing on the trees.
What am I?
I am a monkey.

Our Favorite Food
My sons really like pizza.
My husband loves tofu.
My lovely daughter eats spaghetti well.
My favorite food is spaghetti.
And I like all kinds of noodles.
Salad is good for your health.
Dessert is my happiness.
But I have to give it up because of losing weight.

Animals
I can see a cow.
I can see a horse.
I can see a sheep.
I can see a goat.
I can see a cat.
I can see a chicken.
I can see a duck.
I can see a magpie, but it is not Olive.

The Cat and Venus
The Cat and Venus
This is a cat.
This is a young man.
The young man loves the cat.
This is Venus, the goddess of love.
The man prays to Venus:
"O Goddess, change the cat into a woman!"
Venus agrees.
Venus changes the cat...
into a woman.
The cat has a woman's figure now.
She is beautiful.
The man is happy because he loves the woman.
The man takes the woman home.
Venus has her doubts and says:
"She definitely has a woman's figure."
"But does she have a woman's nature or  a cat's nature?"
"She definitely has a woman's face."
"But does she have a woman's mind or a cat's mind?"
Venus conducts an experiment.
Venus conducts an experiment using a mouse.
The woman sees the mouse.
The woman runs after the mouse.
The woman grabs the mouse.
Venus is angry and says:
"The woman's appearance deceived me!"
"She has a cat's nature, not a woman's nature."
So Venus changes the woman...
into a cat.
The cat eats the mouse.
The cat is happy because it is eating the mouse.
The man is sad because he is alone.
Venus is laughing because she is a harsh goddess.
The moral of the story is:
Look at the mind,
not at the face.
Appearances can be deceiving!
More information: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/3

The Farm
Many people in North Carolina live on a farm.
Some farms are big and some are small.
Big barns house animals and store equipment.
Cats like to live and play in the barn.
Dogs do many important jobs on the farm.
Some farmers keep roosters..
and chickens.
The chickens lay eggs.
Most farmers keep a horse or two.
Some farmers raise sheep.
Some farmers raise pigs and piglets.
Some farms have cows.
Goats can produce milk.
Donkeys can work on the farm.
The farmers need to keep the fences in good repair to keep the animals safe.
All farmers need tractors.
They use tractors to plant seeds.
The seeds grow into hay to feed the animals.
The tractor pulls the machine that bales the hay.
The hale is baled and stored for the winter.
Farming is hard work, but many people love the life of a farmer.

Rainbow Lizard
A rainbow lizard is blue and red.
It is 20 feet long.
It lays eggs.
Males are a dull color.
Females are bright colored.
It eats plants.
It hunts for insects.
It is a reptile.

African Hyena
A hyena is a very smart animal.
It weighs up to 20 pounds.
It has brown spots on its fur.
It runs up to 36 m.p.h.
Hyenas live in clans.
They are led by females.
They hunt wildebeest,
birds
and insects.
They are predators.

Animalium
Salve!
Anas tetrinnit: Anglice sonat 'quack quack'
Agnus balat.
Anglice sonat 'bleats'.
Anser gannit.
Apis bombitat.
Anglice sonat 'buzz buzz buzz'
Aqvila clanget.
Anglice sonat 'screams'.
Asinus rudit. Anglice sonat 'hee haw'
Bos mugit.
Anglice sonat 'lows'
Auriga clamat.
Bubo cucubat.
Anglice sonat 'too whit too whoo'
Bubo ululat.
Anglice sonat 'hoo hoo'
Cicada fritinnit.
Ciconia gloctorat
Anglice sonat 'cluck cluck'
Cornix crocitat.
Angilce sonat 'caw caw caw'
Corvus crocit.
Anglice sonat 'caw caw caw'
Cuculus cuculat. "coo coo, coo coo"
Eqvus hinnit.
Anglice sonat 'neighs'
Cygnus drensat.
Anglice sonat 'cries'
Felis clamat. "miaoow"
Gallina glocit. Anglice sonat 'cluck cluck cluck'
Gallus cucurit.
Anglice sonat 'cock-a'doodle-do'
Graculus clamat.
Anglice sonat 'chatters'
Grus gruet.
Hirundo minurrit. Anglice sonat 'twitters'
Lepus vagit.
Anglice sonat 'eek eek eek'
Passer pipiat.
Anglice sonat 'chirp chirp'
Perdix cacabat.
Pullus pipit.
Anglice sonat 'cheep cheep cheep'
Rana coaxat.
Anglice sonat 'croak croak croak'
Serpens sibilat 'ssssss'
Strix fritinnit.
Anglice sonat 'screech'
Ulula ululat.
Anglice sonat 'hoot hoot'
Vultur pulpat.
Mus mintrit.
Anglice sonat 'eek eek eek'
Lupus ululat.
Anglice sonat 'howls'.
Ursus murmurat.
Anglice sonat 'Grrrr'
Canis ringitur.
Sus (Porcus) grunnit. Anglice sonat 'grunts'
Cicada stridet.
Anglice sonat 'sings'
Piscis natat.
Puer natat in aqva.
Avis volat
In aere volat avis.
Qvadrupes graditur. Anglice sonat 'walks'
Qvadrupes graditur.
Serpens serpit. Anglice sonat 'slithers'.
Vermis repit. Anglice sonat 'crawls'
Cervus currit.
Aries arietat. Anglice sonat 'butts'
Canis hicce dormit.
latinum.org.uk

Class2 Group3
I get so nervous that I can't breathe well.
I am perfect.
Be popular with people who like you.
I feel really stupid.
I don't know what to do.

Trip to Paris
Before 50, I want to take a trip to Paris.
The first place that I want to visit in Paris is Orsei Museum because there are many masterpieces by Impressionists.
The museum used to be a train station. It opened as a museum in 1985.
The next place for me to go is Les Invalides, the Tomb of Napoleon.
The little man is in the red box.
St. Capelle Cathedral is the third place to go in my life.
The Cathedral is famous for its 1,100 stained glass windows.
The last one is Arc de Triomphe.
Many people say that the view from the Arc de Triomphe at night is really fantastic.
If I travel to Paris before 50, my dream will come true. Wait for me, Paris.

Life is...
A man and a woman fall in love.
They want to spend their time together in their own beautiful, cozy house.
A baby is a gift to them.
She always makes them happy.
As she grows up, she has her own feelings.
Sometimes she becomes mischievous. Sometimes she says, "No."
They are worried about her changes. They can't accept her refusal.
They want to laugh and talk with her.
Her parents realize one thing. Family is to understand each other with love.
They wait, wait, and wait...
With their patience and love, she grows up beautiful.
Some days, she will feel lonely.
And then... she will be  happy like her mother.
This is life...

Greece
You can see the treasures of the world in Athens.
Athens is the capital of Greece.
Famous and great people, including Socrates, were born in Greece. He gave up his life for the truth.
The Greeks liked to write poems.
The Santorini Island has beautiful scenery.
Greece has clear, thick blue seas.
Holy abbeys were built on the top of the rocks in Meteora.
Paul sent letters to the people in Corinth because they worshiped the idols.

Butterflies
I like all kinds of butterflies.
Butterflies are fun to watch when they come out of their cocoon.
I like when butterflies land on your hand.
When they put their wings together, they can look like a leaf.
They like to land on branches, flowers, and grass.
They are fun to watch when they land on flowers.
Butterflies have different color wings.
All butterflies are beautiful!

Birds
Birds
A robin has an orange belly.
A blue jay is blue.
A cardinal is a bright red bird.
A penguin is black and white. It lives where it is cold.
A peacock has many beautiful feathers.
A mallard has a green head.
A rooster has a red comb on its head.
A flamingo is pink and has long, skinny legs.

Schedules
The most important thing is this: a schedule.
Decide now on a schedule.
I mean a real schedule.
You must stick to it.
Take the first step now and keep it up.
The longer you do it, the easier it will be.
You know what they say: Today is the first day of the rest of your life. Do it!

Jet Li
Jet Li
Jet Li knows "Kung Fu."
Jet Li fights Jackie Chan.
Nobody can beat Jet Li.
Jet Li was in the "Mummy" movie.
Jet Li is a good guy.
Jet Li is the best.
Jet Li has a wife.
Jet Li never dies.

Happy Things
She is smiling. This is nice.
She is looking at me.
He is playing.
He is yawning  at the camera.
I get in trouble when I am yawning.
A happy face will not get me in trouble.

Toyon Tiger
Toyon Tiger
Once upon a time, there was a tiger.
The principal of Toyon School saw the tiger and said, "It should be the school mascot."
So he became school mascot.
Whenever the school has a party, the mascot will come and dance to the music.
Today the Toyon Tiger is glad that he is the Toyon school mascot!

Going on a Picnic
It's the end of the year.
We will spend some time with good friends.
We'll pack a lunch.
Take a walk.
Jump on a bus.
Meet at the park.
What might we need to buy at the store to eat?
Fruit sounds good.
There's a lot of different kinds to choose from.
How about some vegetables and dip?
Sounds good!
We'll pack a basket full of goodies.
Want some cucumbers?
How about a couple of hot dogs?
Sounds good to us!
These are not hot dogs!
Maybe you want a burger.
And an ice cold pop!
Juicy watermelon, too.
We want ice cream!
Eat it fast before it melts.
Once you've eaten lunch, what can you do?
PLAY BALL!
Shoot a couple of hoops.
Stop and smell the flowers.
Don't forget sunscreen!
Will you need it if it rains?
Enjoy the day!

CHAPTER 10 NOUNS!!
verbum - word
nauta - sailor
unda - wave
periculum - danger
clamor - shout
caelum - sky,heavan
litus - shore
mare - sea
saxum - rock
mons - mountain
silva - wood, forest
homo - man,human being

Playground Rules
The 1st playground rule: Go down the slide & not up it. You can fall and possibly hit your head on the bar.
The 2nd rule is don't run & keep your hands to yourself. You might accidently push someone and they could fall.
The 3rd rule: Share the equipment with other kids and don't keep it to yourself. Don't be greedy.
The 4th rule: Don't climb on top of the monkey bars. You might fall off and break your head open.
The 5th rule: Do not jump off and do not do back flips. You might hurt yourself.
The 6th rule: Do not throw tanbark. It might go in someone's mouth or in their eyes. It could infect their eyes or they could choke.
The 7th rule: Don't run on the black top. You might fall down and hurt your leg.
Remember that you always have to make the right choices when you are on the playground.

Shrinking
This is a man shrinking.
A girl found him in a blender!
He is a small man.
He likes to ride but he doesn't know what it is.
He likes to draw and write.
He found other small people and got a job.
He bought a little car for him and the other people.
He got help from the big people to build a city.
And they ate happily ever after!!!

Mentis - Latin
Vestibulum Latinitatis:MENTIS:
J.A.Comenius.
Mens cogitat semper aliqvid ;
Mens etiam in somno somniat.
Unde sunt somnia?
Intellectus intelligit;
Ratio ratiocinatur.
Memoria meminit.
...et si qvid oblita...
...recordatur.
Voluntas cupit.
Voluntas declinat malum.
Sed saepe voluntas fallitur.
Gaudet
Tristatur.
Securus nihil curat.
Tutus nihil timet.
Vegetus laborat.
Fessus qviescit.
Vigilia fatigat.
Sopor recreat.
Cum septem horas dormivisti..
..et evigilas...
Surge!
Excita alios!
latinum.org.uk

Canis et Lupus: The Dog and The Wolf
Canis et Lupus
The Dog and The Wolf
Canis et Lupus
Ecce Lupus!
This is a wolf.
Ecce Lupus!
Ecce silva!
This is a forest.
Ecce silva!
Lupus domum habet in silva.
The wolf has his home in the forest.
Lupus domum habet in silva.
Lupus in silva cibum quaerit.
The wolf looks for food in the forest.
Lupus in silva cibum quaerit.
Non multum cibum ínvenit.
He does not find a lot of food.
Non multum cibum ínvenit.
Lupus macer est.
The wolf is thin.
Lupus macer est.
Quam macer Lupus est!
The wolf is so thin!
Quam macer Lupus est!
Ecce Canis!
This is a dog.
Ecce Canis!
Canis domum habet in urbe.
The dog has his home in the city.
Canis domum habet in urbe.
Canis Dómino servit.
The dog obeys his master.
Canis Dómino servit.
Dóminus cibum Cani dat.
The dog's master gives him food.
Dóminus cibum Cani dat.
Dóminus multum cibum Cani dat.
The dog's master gives him a lot of food.
Dóminus multum cibum Cani dat.
Canis pinguis est.
The dog is fat.
Canis pinguis est.
Quam pinguis Canis est!
The dog is so fat!
Quam pinguis Canis est!
Canis Lupo occúrrit.
The dog runs into the wolf.
Canis Lupo occúrrit.
CANIS: "Salve, amíce!"
DOG: "Hello, friend!"
CANIS: "Salve, amíce!"
LUPUS: "Salve, amíce!"
WOLF: "Hello, friend!"
LUPUS: "Salve, amíce!"
LUPUS: "Mirátus sum: quam pinguis es tu!"
WOLF: "Wow - you are so fat!"
LUPUS: "Mirátus sum: quam pinguis es tu!"
LUPUS: "Cibum semper quaero, sed saepe non invénio."
WOLF: "I am always looking for food, but often I do not find it."
LUPUS: "Cibum semper quaero, sed saepe non invénio."
LUPUS: "Unde tantum cibum habes tu?"
WOLF: "Where do you get so much food?"
LUPUS: "Unde tantum cibum habes tu?"
CANIS: "Dóminus meus cibum mihi dat."
DOG: "My master gives me food."
CANIS: "Dóminus meus cibum mihi dat."
CANIS: "Cibum mihi dat de mensa sua!"
DOG: "He gives me food from his own table!"
CANIS: "Cibum mihi dat de mensa sua!"
LUPUS: "Sed vídeo in collo tuo cicatríces."
WOLF: "But I see scars on your neck."
LUPUS: "Sed vídeo in collo tuo cicatríces."
LUPUS: "Unde cicatríces in collo habes?"
WOLF: "Where do you get those scars on your neck?"
LUPUS: "Unde cicatríces in collo habes?"
CANIS: "Mi amíce, hoc nihil est."
DOG: "My friend, that's nothing."
CANIS: "Mi amíce, hoc nihil est."
CANIS: "Intérdum me álligant caténa."
DOG: "Sometimes they tie me up with a chain."
CANIS: "Intérdum me álligant caténa."
CANIS: "Caténa cicatríces mihi in collo facit."
DOG: "The chain makes scars on my neck."
CANIS: "Caténa cicatríces mihi in collo facit."
LUPUS: "Quam miser es tu, Canis!"
WOLF: "You are in trouble, dog!"
LUPUS: "Quam miser es tu, Canis!"
LUPUS: "Cibum habes."
WOLF: "You have food."
LUPUS: "Cibum habes."
LUPUS: "Sed cibus servitútis est."
WOLF: "But it is the food of slavery."
LUPUS: "Sed cibus servitútis est."
LUPUS: "Vale, mi amíce!"
WOLF: "Farewell, my friend!"
LUPUS: "Vale, mi amíce!"
LUPUS: "Volo vívere in libertáte, non in servitúte."
WOLF: "I want to live in freedom, not in slavery."
LUPUS: "Volo vívere in libertáte, non in servitúte."
Vocabula:
Aesopus.PBWorks.com/1

Feles et Venus: The Cat and Venus
Feles et Venus
The Cat and Venus
Feles et Venus
Ecce Feles!
This is a cat.
Ecce Feles!
Ecce Puer!
This is a boy.
Ecce Puer!
Puer Felem amat.
The young boy loves the cat.
Puer Felem amat.
Ecce Venus, amóris Dea.
This is Venus, the goddess of love.
Ecce Venus, amóris Dea.
Puer orat Vénerem:
The boy prays to Venus:
Puer orat Vénerem:
"O Dea, muta Felem in Puéllam!"
"O Goddess, change the cat into a girl!"
"O Dea, muta Felem in Puéllam!"
Venus ádnuit.
Venus agrees.
Venus ádnuit.
Venus Felem mutat ...
Venus changes the cat ...
Venus Felem mutat ...
... in Puéllam.
... into a girl.
... in Puéllam.
Feles nunc habet Puéllae formam.
The cat now has a girl's figure.
Feles nunc habet Puéllae formam.
Pulchra est!
She is beautiful.
Pulchra est!
Puer gaudet, quod Puéllam amat.
The boy is happy, because he loves the girl.
Puer gaudet, quod Puéllam amat.
Puer Puéllam domum ducit.
The boy takes the girl home.
Puer Puéllam domum ducit.
Venus dúbia est, et dicit:
Venus has her doubts, and says:
Venus dúbia est, et dicit:
"Certe habet Puéllae formam."
"She definitely has a girl's figure."
"Certe habet Puéllae formam."
"Sed Puéllae natúram habet, an Felis?"
"But does she have a girl's nature - or a cat's nature?"
"Sed Puéllae natúram habet, an Felis?"
"Certe habet Puéllae fáciem."
"She definitely has a girl's face."
"Certe habet Puéllae fáciem."
"Sed Puéllae mentem habet, an Felis?"
"But does she have a girl's mind - or a cat's mind?"
"Sed Puéllae mentem habet, an Felis?"
Venus experiméntum agit.
Venus conducts an experiment.
Venus experiméntum agit.
Venus experiméntum agit per Murem.
Venus conducts an experiment using a mouse.
Venus experiméntum agit per Murem.
Puélla Murem spectat.
The girl sees the mouse.
Puélla Murem spectat.
Puélla currit!
The girl is running!
Puélla currit!
Puélla Murem captat.
The girl grabs the mouse.
Puélla Murem captat.
Venus iráta est, et dicit:
Venus is angry, and says:
Venus iráta est, et dicit:
"Puéllae spécies me decipit!"
"The girl's appearance deceived me!"
"Puéllae spécies me decipit!"
"Habet Felis natúram, non Puéllae!"
"She has a cat's nature, not a girl's nature."
"Habet Felis natúram, non Puéllae!"
Ergo Venus Puéllam mutat ...
So Venus changes the girl ...
Ergo Venus Puéllam mutat ...
... in Felem.
... into a cat.
... in Felem.
Feles Murem dévorat.
The cat eats the mouse.
Feles Murem dévorat.
Feles gaudet, quod Murem dévorat.
The cat is happy, because it is eating the mouse.
Feles gaudet, quod Murem dévorat.
Puer lácrimat, quod Puéllam non habet.
The boy cries, because he doesn't have the girl.
Puer lácrimat, quod Puéllam non habet.
Venus ridet,  quod Dea dura est.
Venus is laughing, because she is a harsh goddess.
Venus ridet,  quod Dea dura est.
Fábula docet:
The moral of the story is:
Fábula docet:
Mentem specta...
Look at the mind ...
Mentem specta...
... non fáciem.
... not at the face.
... non fáciem.
Spécies décipit!
Appearances can be deceiving!
Spécies décipit!
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/3

Cervus et Cornua Eius: A Goliardic Poem
Cervus et Cornua Eius: A Goliardic Poem
Sítiens ad flúmina
Cervus properávit.
Videns umbram córnuum,
multum se iactávit,
Et crura gracília
nímium culpávit.
Attamen extollens multum sē māgnificāvit.
Inter haec latrántium
voces audiébat.
Cervus mortem métuens
fugam capiébat.
Magnitúdo córnuum
quem propediébat
Currere nē posset; querulā tunc vōce gemēbat:
Miser, inquam, fátuus,
magis extollébam
Digna vitupério,
sic insolescébam.
Dum laudávi córnua,
crura contemnébam.
Amplius illa nocent mihi quae plūs cāra tenēbam.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/4

My Favorite Music
I like Michael Jackson's "Earth Song."
I like The Backstreet Boys. They sing "Everybody."
I like ABBA. They sing "Mama Mia."
I like  the Fatboy Slim song, "Rockafella Skank."
I like Tenacious D. He sings "Tribute."
I like Electric Light Orchestra. They sing "All Over the World."
I like David Byrne.  He  sings "Like Humans Do."

Elephants
I live in the jungle!
I am grey!
I eat grass!
I am BIG!
I have a trunk!
I am an elephant!

Water Buffalo Love
Water Buffalo Love
This water feels so good!
Time for a bath.
Why did he bother?
Yum, good grass!
Still eating? Time to get to work, water buffalo!
That's better... I guess (still nibbling).
You are a devoted mother.
My baby... my mama.
You are patient,
long suffering,
and trustworthy.
My sturdy friend.
Time to head home.
And eat dinner!
The End

Vacation
Vacation
Vacation is going far away alone.
Vacation is exploring a new place.
Vacation is playing and shouting in an exciting place, like Epcot.
Vacation is doing something new.
Vacation is putting all places on my palm.
Vacation is spending a magic night.
Vacation is meeting a new person.
Vacation is in the field of flowers.
Vacation is sitting on a bench closing your eyes.
Vacation is missing somebody.
Vacation is flying freely.

Qvalitates (Latine)
Odor est suavis.
Foetor teter est.
Lutum humidum est.
Pulvis est siccus.
Ossa dura sunt.
Caro mollis est.
Glacies lubrica est.
Pruna calida est.
Pruna candens est.
Carbo ater est.
Carbo frigidus est.
Nos incedimus vestiti.
Aethiopes qvidam nudi.
Unicornis est animal ferum.
Vacca, animal mansuetum est.
Leo, animal saevum est.
Vacca, animal cicur est.
Ovis, animal mite est.
Conviva hilaris est.
Locus amoenus est.
Amicitia jucunda.
Nuncium laetum est.
Incommodus est locus.
Commodus est locus.
Tempus est opportunum.
Tempus importunum est.
Instrumentum aptum est.
Instrumentum ineptum est.
Res necessaria est.
Res supervacanea est.
Opinio falsa est.
Opinio vera est.
Rei usus utilis est.
Rei usus noxius est.
Res rei similis est.
Res rei dissimilis est.
latinum.org.uk

What is an Anagram?
Can you see the words? What are they? They are originally "Sport World!"
'Tea' can be 'eat' by reshuffling.
You can see a teacher in the picture. What can 'teach' be by reshuffling?
Yes, that's right. You can change the 'teach' into 'cheat'.
O.K. Next problem is 'master'. What can 'master' be?
Just think and think.
Right! The answer is 'stream.'
Interesting? Yes. Try to do it by yourselves. Bye.

Proverbia de Vulpe: Proverbs about the Fox
Provérbia de Vulpe
Proverbs about the Fox
Provérbia de Vulpe
Cum vulpe habens commércium...
... doles cave.
When you are doing business with a fox, beware of treachery.
Cum vulpe habens commércium, doles cave.
Ingénium suum...
... vulpécula mutáre nescit.
The fox cannot change its nature.
Ingénium suum vulpécula mutáre nescit.
Vulpes...
... aetáti fit astútior.
With age, a fox becomes even trickier.
Vulpes aetáti fit astútior.
Domi leónes...
... foras vulpes.
Lions when at home, but foxes when away from home.
Domi leónes, foras vulpes.
Quaélibet vulpes...
... caudam suam laudat.
Each and every fox praises its own tail.
Quaélibet vulpes caudam suam laudat.
Contra vulpem...
... vulpinándum est.
Against a fox, you have to think like a fox.
Contra vulpem, vulpinándum est.
Scit multa vulpes...
... magnum echínus únicum.
The fox knows many things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing.
Scit multa vulpes, magnum echínus únicum.
Non cauta vulpes...
... dénuo in casses cadit.
The fox who is not careful again falls into the trap.
Non cauta vulpes dénuo in casses cadit.
Vétula vulpes...
... láqueo haud cápitur.
The old fox is not caught in the snare.
Vétula vulpes láqueo haud cápitur.
Sub pelle ovína...
... vulpes latet.
Beneath the sheep's clothing hides a fox.
Sub pelle ovína, vulpes latet.
Dimíttis pullos...
... sub custódia vulpis.
You're leaving the chicks in the care of a fox.
Dimíttis pullos sub custódia vulpis.
Dormiénti vulpi...
... cadit intra os nihil.
If the fox is sleeping, nothing just falls into its mouth.
Dormiénti vulpi cadit intra os nihil.
Ubi leónis déficit...
... pellem índue vulpis.
When the lion's skin does not succeed, put on the skin of the fox.
Ubi leónis déficit, pellem índue vulpis.
Vulpes pilum mutat...
... non mores.
The fox changes its coat, but not its character.
Vulpes pilum mutat, non mores.
Mísera est vulpes...
... quae unum tantum latíbulum habet.
Woe be to the fox who has just one hiding place.
Mísera est vulpes, quae unum tantum latíbulum habet.
LatinViaProverbs.com

A Day With Daniel
Daniel was working hard one day.
Mr. Smith sat next to him and startled him when he started talking.
He and Mrs. Eldridge thought that what Mr. Smith said was pretty silly.
They laughed and laughed!
Daniel laughed so hard he nearly split in two the long way!
Whew!  He's getting better.
Oh, my!  Who knew that laughing could bring THIS on!
We need to work on getting back to being us!
Will this help?
Yeah!  That's better!
Oh, what fun we had!
"Say goodbye, Mrs. Eldridge!" says Daniel.
Thanks for reading!

Cervus et Cornua Eius: Repetite!
Cervus et Córnua Eius
___ ___ ___ ___
Cervus et Córnua Eius
Ecce Cervus!
___ ___!
Ecce Cervus!
Cervus córnua habet.
___ ___ ___.
Cervus córnua habet.
Cervi córnua magna sunt.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Cervi córnua magna sunt.
Cervus crura habet, sed magna non sunt.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Cervus crura habet, sed magna non sunt.
Cervi crura tenuíssima sunt.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Cervi crura tenuíssima sunt.
Cervus, sítiens, ad fontem venit, ut bibat.
___, ___, ___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Cervus, sítiens, ad fontem venit, ut bibat.
Dum bibit, Cervus imáginem suam spectat in aquis.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Dum bibit, Cervus imáginem suam spectat in aquis.
Cervus córnua sua laudat.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Cervus córnua sua laudat.
"Quam pulchra sunt mea córnua!"
"___ ___ ___ ___ ___!"
"Quam pulchra sunt mea córnua!"
"Magna sunt mea córnua, et mirífica."
"___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___!"
"Magna sunt mea córnua, et mirífica."
Cervus crura sua damnat.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Cervus crura sua damnat.
"Quam indígna sunt mea crura!"
"___ ___ ___ ___ ___!"
"Quam indígna sunt mea crura!"
"Tenuíssima sunt mea crura, et túrpia."
"___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___."
"Tenuíssima sunt mea crura, et túrpia."
Dum Cervus se spectat, venátor appropínquat.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Dum Cervus se spectat, venátor appropínquat.
Cervus audit canes latrántes.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Cervus audit canes latrántes.
Cervus pertérritus est.
___ ___ ___.
Cervus pertérritus est.
Cervus celérrime fugit!
___ ___ ___!
Cervus celérrime fugit!
Quam velox Cervus est!
___ ___ ___ ___!
Quam velox Cervus est!
Venátor, cum cánibus, Cervum petit.
___, ___ ___, ___ ___.
Venátor, cum cánibus, Cervum petit.
Per campum, Cervus cánibus praecúrrit.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Per campum, Cervus cánibus praecúrrit.
Sic Cervus evádit, et currit in silvam.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Sic Cervus evádit, et currit in silvam.
Sed inter árbores silvae, Cervi córnua haerent.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Sed inter árbores silvae, Cervi córnua haerent.
Córnua Cervum détinent, ut cúrrere non possit.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Córnua Cervum détinent, ut cúrrere non possit.
Profécto canes Cervum apprehéndunt.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Profécto canes Cervum apprehéndunt.
Cervus moribúndus  clamat:
___ ___ ___:
Cervus moribúndus  clamat:
"Me míserum!"
"___ ___!"
"Me míserum!"
"Quam stultus eram!"
"___ ___ ___!"
"Quam stultus eram!"
"Damnávi crura, sed ecce: crura mihi utilíssima erant."
"___ ___, ___ ___: ___ ___ ___ ___."
"Damnávi crura, sed ecce: crura mihi utilíssima erant."
"Laudávi córnua, sed ecce: córnua me perdunt."
"___ ___, ___ ___: ___ ___ ___."
"Laudávi córnua, sed ecce: córnua me perdunt."
"Nimis sero errórem intéllego."
"___ ___ ___ ___."
"Nimis sero errórem intéllego."
Fábula docet:
___ ___:
Fábula docet:
Laudáte non pulchrum, sed útile.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Laudáte non pulchrum, sed útile.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/4

Sports
He is playing soccer.
He is shooting a basketball.
He is riding a horse.
They are playing baseball.
He is playing tennis.
They are synchronized swimming.
They are running.
She is boxing.
He is surfing.

School
This is my school.
I go to school by school bus.
I have many diverse friends at school.
Teachers are kind and cheerful.
Sometimes, they are very careful and strict.
I always listen to the teachers to learn a lot.
I'm very attentive when I listen to others.
There's a time when we worry about studying.
I study hard until late at night.
So I'm very tired by daytime.
But there is something exciting at school.
Also, we learn how to dance and enjoy it.
Usually after lunch, we go out and play on the playground.
Watching cheerleaders' perform is also fun.
The empty classroom is waiting for us.
The pictures with my friends will be remembered forever.

Snowman
We made a snowman.
Snowman has a carrot nose.
Snowman has a hat.
Snowman has a scarf.
Snowman has buttons.
We love snowman.

My Rose
This is my beautiful rose.
I have roses in many different colors.
I can decorate a cake with roses.
This is my angel, who takes care of my roses.
My rose in winter is a little bit dead.
This is my picture of roses.
This is a bouquet of roses for my mom.
This is a garden rose on my patio.

My Mom and Wheat
Every year, my mom grows wheat for celebrating the New Year.
Everyday, she waters the wheat to help it grow.
She puts a sheet on it to protect it from insects.
She pulls the weeds and bad plants out from the good ones.
The wheat grows and everyday it gets bigger.
When the wheat gets big, she separates it from its shafts.
She makes bread from it.
The bread that my mom makes is the best bread I have ever tasted.
My mom makes SAMANAK from the wheat.
Samanak is a kind of sweet dessert and it's so delicious.

Summer Fun Days
Picnics
Friends
Swimming
Ice cream
Grilling
Bubbles
Beach

Spring
Spring
Spring is pink and black.
Spring is barbecue.
Spring is flowers.
Spring is watering.
Spring is cows having babies.
Spring is planting.
Spring is rain.

Sylva densa est.
Sylva densa est.
Sylva rara est.
Ager fecundus est.
Ager sterilis est.
Ager fecundus aut sterilis est.
Motus celer est.
Motus tardus est.
Motus est celer aut tardus.
Cursor alacer est.
Piger est cursor.
Cursor alacer aut piger est.
Securis acuta est.
Securis stupida est.
Acuta securis vel stupida est.
Hebes est securis.
Operarius ignavus est.
Operarius gnavus est.
Gnavus aut ignavus est operarius.
Cibus crudus est.
Cibus coctus est.
Cibus crudus vel coctus est.
Sermo jocosus est.
Sermo serius est.
Sermo jocosus est, vel serius.
Historia certa est.
Historia dubia est.
Historia certa aut dubia est.
Testimonium verum est.
Testimonium falsum est.
Testimonium verum aut falsum est.
latinum.mypodcast.com

Elementorum
Ignis ardet.
Flamma flagrat.
Scintilla gliscit.
Tonitrus tonat.
Fulgur fulgurat.
Ventus flat.
Pluvia pluit.
Nix ningit.
Aqva in plano fluit.
Ex vase manat aqva.
E fonte aqva salit.
E puteo hauritur.
Gutta stillat.
Ex vapore fit ros.
Ex vapore fit pruina.
latinum.org.uk

De Tellure
Ecce: Tellus (Terra).
Ex revolutione Telluris diurna,
provenit ut non sphaera sit,
sed sphaeroida oblata.
Ecce: sphaera.
Sphaera est rotunda.
Ecce: sphaeroida oblata.
Sphaeroida oblata non sphaera rotunda est, sed oblata.
Ecce: sphaeroida oblata.
Sphaeroida oblata....
cujus diameter aeqvatorius exsuperat axem..
circiter 37 milliaribus anglicanis.
Ecce: axis.
Ecce: diametros (linea media)
Ecce: aeqvator
Diameter Telluris est 7926 milliarium.
Tellus movetur circa solem...
spatio 365 dierum...et..
5 horarum....
et 48 minutarum.
latinum.org.uk

Proverbia de Piscibus
Provérbia de Píscibus
Pisces natáre opórtet.
Ne piscem natáre docúeris.
Ut piscis extra aquam...
... sic mónachus extra cellam.
Feles amat pisces...
... sed aquas intráre recúsat.
Voluptáte hómines capiúntur...
... ut hamo pisces.
Curvo sine hamo...
... piscem non cápies.
A cápite...
... foetet piscis.
Post tres dies piscis viléscit ...
... et hospes.
Non omni flúvio pisces.
In magno magni...
...capiúntur flúmine pisces.
Aqua túrbida ...
... piscósior est.
Ántequam pisces céperis...
... múriam misces.
Piscis captívus vinum vult...
... flúmina vivus.
Piscem vorat maior minórem.
Pisces
LatinViaProverbs.com

Proverbia de Piscibus: Proverbs about Fish
Provérbia de Píscibus
Proverbs about Fish
Provérbia de Píscibus
Pisces natáre opórtet.
Fish gotta swim.
Pisces natáre opórtet.
Ne piscem natáre docúeris.
Don't try to teach a fish to swim.
Ne piscem natáre docúeris.
Ut piscis extra aquam...
... sic mónachus extra cellam.
A fish out of water is like a monk out of his cell.
Ut piscis extra aquam, sic mónachus extra cellam.
Feles amat pisces...
... sed aquas intráre recúsat.
A cat loves fish, but refuses to get in the water.
Feles amat pisces, sed aquas intráre recúsat.
Voluptáte hómines capiúntur...
... ut hamo pisces.
People are captured by pleasure, like fish on a hook.
Voluptáte hómines capiúntur, ut hamo pisces.
Curvo sine hamo...
... piscem non cápies.
Without the curved fishhook, you will not catch a fish.
Curvo sine hamo piscem non cápies.
A cápite...
... foetet piscis.
A fish stinks starting from the head downward.
A cápite foetet piscis.
Post tres dies, piscis viléscit ...
... et hospes.
After three days, a fish stinks, and so does a houseguest.
Post tres dies, piscis viléscit, et hospes.
Non omni flúvio pisces.
There are not fish in every river.
Non omni flúvio pisces.
In magno magni...
...capiúntur flúmine pisces.
Big fish are caught in a big river.
In magno magni capiúntur flúmine pisces.
Aqua túrbida ...
... piscósior est.
Turbulent waters are more full of fish.
Aqua túrbida piscósior est.
Ántequam pisces céperis...
... múriam misces.
Before you've caught the fish, you're mixing the fish sauce.
Ántequam pisces céperis, múriam misces.
Piscis captívus vinum vult...
... flúmina vivus.
A fish when it's caught wants wine; when it's alive, it wants rivers.
Piscis captívus vinum vult, flúmina vivus.
Piscem vorat maior minórem.
The bigger fish eats the smaller fish.
Piscem vorat maior minórem.
Pisces
LatinViaProverbs.com

Water
Water
Water helps plants grow.
Water gives life.
Water creates beauty.
Water moves.
Water is for drinking.
Water is for swimming.
Water is for playing.
Water is for washing.
Water is for baptizing.
Water is for everyone and everything.

Formica et Cicada: The Ant and The Grasshopper
Formíca et Cicáda
The Ant and The Grasshopper
Formíca et Cicáda
Ecce Formíca!
This is an ant.
Ecce Formíca!
Formíca negotiósa est, et prudens.
The ant works hard, and thinks about the future.
Formíca negotiósa est, et prudens.
In aestáte, Formíca labórat...
... cólligens fruméntum.
In summer, the ant works hard, gathering food.
In aestáte, Formíca labórat, cólligens fruméntum.
Colléctum fruméntum trahit...
... in cavérnam suam.
Then it drags the food it has gathered into its hole.
Colléctum fruméntum trahit in cavérnam suam.
Cibum repónit in aestáte...
...ut cómedat in híeme.
The ant stores up food in the summer to eat in the winter.
Cibum repónit in aestáte, ut cómedat in híeme.
Ecce Cicáda!
This is a grasshopper.
Ecce Cicáda!
Cicáda otiósa est, et imprúdens.
The grasshopper takes it easy, not thinking about the future.
Cicáda otiósa est, et imprúdens.
In aestáte, Cicáda cantat...
... et non labórat.
In summer, the grasshopper sings and does not work hard.
In aestáte, Cicáda cantat, et non labórat.
Sed mox tempus híemis ádvenit...
... cum magno frígore.
Soon winter time arrives, with very cold weather.
Sed mox tempus híemis ádvenit, cum magno frígore.
Formíca in cavérna sua  manet...
...cómedens cibum suum.
The ant stays in its hole, eating its food.
Formíca in cavérna sua  manet, cómedens cibum suum.
Sed Cicáda cibum non habet.
But the grasshopper doesn't have any food.
Sed Cicáda cibum non habet.
Auxílium quaerens, Cicáda venit...
... ad Formícae iánuam.
Looking for help, the grasshopper comes to the ant's door.
Auxílium quaerens, Cicáda venit ad Formícae iánuam.
Famélica Cicáda clamat:
The hungry grasshopper shouts:
Famélica Cicáda clamat:
"O Formíca, te implóro...
... da mihi cibum!"
"O Ant, I beg you: give me some food!"
"O Formíca, te implóro: da mihi cibum!"
"Cópiam habes tu, et ego nihil."
"You have a lot of food, and I don't have any."
"Cópiam habes tu, et ego nihil."
"Fame iam moritúra sum!"
"I am about to die of hunger!"
"Fame iam moritúra sum!"
Sed Formíca Cicádam intérrogat:
But the ant has some questions for the grasshopper:
Sed Formíca Cicádam intérrogat:
"Ego tota aestáte laborábam...
... cólligens fruméntum.
"I worked all summer long, gathering food."
"Ego tota aestáte laborábam, cólligens fruméntum."
"Dum ego sic laborábam, quid agébas tu?"
"While I was working, what were YOU up to?"
"Dum ego sic laborábam, quid agébas tu?"
Cicáda respóndet:
The grasshopper answers:
Cicáda respóndet:
"Per flores errábam...
... et per grámina."
"I was wandering among the flowers and in the grass."
"Per flores errábam, et per grámina."
"Cármina cantábam ómnibus, gratis."
"I sang songs for everybody, free of charge."
"Cármina cantábam ómnibus, gratis."
"Hoc erat mihi opus aestívum."
"That was my task for the summer."
"Hoc erat mihi opus aestívum."
Formíca ridet et iánuam claudit:
The ant laughs and closes the door:
Formíca ridet et iánuam claudit:
"Si aestáte cantábas...
... híeme nunc salta!"
"If you sang for the summer, now dance for the winter!"
"Si aestáte cantábas, híeme nunc salta!"
Fábula docet:
The moral of the story:
Fábula docet:
Sine labóre...
...non erit panis in ore.
If you don't work, you won't have bread to eat.
Sine labóre, non erit panis in ore.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Formica et Cicada: Repetite!
Formíca et Cicáda
___ ___ ___
Formíca et Cicáda
Ecce Formíca!
___ ___!
Ecce Formíca!
Formíca negotiósa est, et prudens.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Formíca negotiósa est, et prudens.
In aestáte, Formíca labórat...
... cólligens fruméntum.
___ ___, ___ ___, ___ ___.
In aestáte, Formíca labórat, cólligens fruméntum.
Colléctum fruméntum trahit...
... in cavérnam suam.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Colléctum fruméntum trahit in cavérnam suam.
Cibum repónit in aestáte...
...ut cómedat in híeme.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Cibum repónit in aestáte, ut cómedat in híeme.
Ecce Cicáda!
___ ___!
Ecce Cicáda!
Cicáda otiósa est, et imprúdens.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___
Cicáda otiósa est, et imprúdens.
In aestáte, Cicáda cantat...
... et non labórat.
___ ___, ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
In aestáte, Cicáda cantat, et non labórat.
Sed mox tempus híemis ádvenit...
... cum magno frígore.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Sed mox tempus híemis ádvenit, cum magno frígore.
Formíca in cavérna sua  manet...
...cómedens cibum suum.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Formíca in cavérna sua  manet, cómedens cibum suum.
Sed Cicáda cibum non habet.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Sed Cicáda cibum non habet.
Auxílium quaerens, Cicáda venit...
... ad Formícae iánuam.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Auxílium quaerens, Cicáda venit ad Formícae iánuam.
Famélica Cicáda clamat:
___ ___ ___:
Famélica Cicáda clamat:
"O Formíca, te implóro...
... da mihi cibum!"
"___ ___, ___ ___: ___ ___ ___!"
"O Formíca, te implóro: da mihi cibum!"
"Cópiam habes tu, et ego nihil."
"___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___."
"Cópiam habes tu, et ego nihil."
"Fame iam moritúra sum!"
"___ ___ ___ ___!"
"Fame iam moritúra sum!"
Sed Formíca Cicádam intérrogat:
___ ___ ___ ___:
Sed Formíca Cicádam intérrogat:
"Ego tota aestáte laborábam...
... colligens frumentum.
"___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___."
"Ego tota aestáte laborábam, et fruméntum colligébam."
"Dum ego sic laborábam, quid agébas tu?"
"___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___?"
"Dum ego sic laborábam, quid agébas tu?"
Cicáda respóndet:
___ ___:
Cicáda respóndet:
"Per flores errábam...
... et per grámina."
"___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___."
"Per flores errábam, et per grámina."
"Cármina cantábam ómnibus, gratis."
"___ ___ ___, ___."
"Cármina cantábam ómnibus, gratis."
"Hoc erat mihi opus aestívum."
"___ ___ ___ ___ ___."
"Hoc erat mihi opus aestívum."
Formíca ridet, et iánuam claudit:
___ ___, ___ ___ ___:
Formíca ridet, et iánuam claudit:
"Si aestáte cantábas...
... híeme nunc salta!"
"___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___."
"Si aestáte cantábas, híeme nunc salta!"
Fábula docet:
___ ___:
Fábula docet:
Sine labóre...
...non erit panis in ore.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Sine labóre, non erit panis in ore.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Qvid hoc est?
Qvid ego conspicio?
Ignis  est.
Ignis ardet.
Vide ignem!
Qvid est?
Flamma  est.
Flamma flagrat.
Vide flammam.
Qvid hoc est?
Scintilla  est.
Scintilla gliscit.
Qvomodo id vocatur?
Nubes.
Nubes pendent in aere.
Hoc vero qvid est?
Fulgur  est.
Fulgur fulminat.
Qvid hoc?
Mola pneumatica est .
Qvid hoc est?
Pluvia est.
Aqva est.
Pluvia pluit.
Qvid est?
Nix  est.
Nix ningit.
Hoc vero qvid est?
Poculum est.
Aqva est.
Qvid hoc est?
Aqva  in poculo est.
Vide aqvam!
Hoc vero qvid est?
Fons est.
Qvid est?
Puteus est.
Vide puteum!
Hoc vero qvid est?
Gutta est.
Qvid hoc est?
Ros est. Ex vapore fit ros.
Qvid hoc est?
Pruina est. 
Ex vapore fit pruina.
Videsne vaporem?
Vaporem video.
latinum.org.uk

Summertime Fun!
I have more time to have fun in the summer. I can go to many different places.  I get to have special things to eat, and I am able to play and watch a lot of sports.
It’s fun to go all different places during the summer.
I get to go on roller coasters when I went to Six Flags.  They go really fast.
I make sand castles when I’m by myself at the beach.
The movies are great during the summer. When I go to the movies, I eat popcorn.
I eat a lot of treats in summer. I get to have ice cream almost everyday.  It cools you off when it is hot.
Cake is good to eat in the summer.  When I have cake, I put ice cream on it and eat it with a spoon.
It is good to eat popsicles. Sometimes, they melt all over my hand.  Summer treats are the best!
Over summer vacation, I play video games.  My favorite is Warriors, and I always play by myself.
I also go outside and walk to the store. I buy iced tea and drink it on the way home.
I watch movies with my whole family on Friday nights during the summer.  We have popcorn and soda.
There are many things to do!

Summer is great!

URSUS ET BUBO
ECCE URSUS.
NOMEN EI EST "WINNIE".
URSUS IN FOVEAM CADIT.
URSUS CLAMAT.
"CLAMOREM AUDIO!" DICIT BUBO.
BUBO AD CLAMOREM VOLAT.
BUBO URSUM IUVAT.
URSUS ET BUBO LAETI SUNT.
FINIS!
TRES PORCELLAE DICUNT "VALETE"

Formica et Cicada by Caspar Barth (paraphrased)
Formīca et Cicāda
Cicāda
canendō
trīvit omne tempus
aptum penū parandō.
Hieme ingruente,
vīctū carēre coepit.
Sed inaudīvit Cicāda
Formīcam esse
vīctū adfluentem.
Cicāda ad Formīcam profecta est,
et orāre coepit:
"Ō Formīca, pasce me!"
Formīca parca est, et rogat:
"Quid nam aestāte factitābās?"
"Minimē te obmūnīvistī cibō
hiemī ingruentī!"
Cicāda professa est:
"Cantābam."
Formīca rēspondit:
"Ergō: licet  cantilēnīs peractīs,
nunc saltēs."
Et Formīca rētrōversa est
in cavum.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Formica et Cicada by Caspar Barth (iambic dimeter)
Formīca et Cicāda
Cicāda cum  canendō
Trīvisset omne tempus
Aptum  penū  parandō,
Hjem(e) ingruente coepit
Vīctū  carēre. Sed  cum
Inaudiisset esse
Formīc(am) e(ō) adfluentem
Ad (e)am  profecta, coepit
Orāre pasceret  sē.
Formīca parca, quid  nam
Aestāte factitāsset
Rogāre, quō  minus  sē
Hjemī  cib(ō) ingruentī
Obmūnīvisset? illa
Cantāsse sē  profess(a) est.
Nunc ergō, cantilēnīs
Saltēs  licet,   peractīs.
Rēspondit, in  cavumque
Formīca rētrōvers(a) est.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Formica et Cicada  by Nequam (paraphrased - bilingual)
Formīca et Cicāda
Cicāda nārrātur
ad Formīcam adīsse
brūmā,
The grasshopper is said to have gone to the ant during the winter,
Cicāda nārrātur ad Formīcam adīsse brūmā,
ut Formīca sibi  daret
paucula grāna
frūmentī.
to ask the ant to give her a few little grains of food.
ut Formīca sibi  daret paucula grāna frūmenti.
Formīca refert:
The ant replies:
Formīca refert:
"Cūr nōn quaesīstī sūdandō
tempore messis
haec grāna,
"Why during harvest time did you not seek with your own sweat those grains
"Cūr nōn quaesīstī sūdandō tempore messis haec grāna,
quae modo nunc tibi petis?"
which you are now asking me to give you?"
quae modo nunc tibi petis?"
Cicāda rēspondet:
The grasshopper answers:
Cicāda rēspondet:
"Cantāns,
vagābar per amoena virēta."
"I sang and wandered through the lovely greenery."
"Cantāns, vagābar per amoena virēta."
"Nōn erat mihi ulla requiēs cantandī."
"I didn't take any break from singing at all."
"Nōn erat mihi ulla requiēs cantandī."
Hinc Formīca refert:
At this point the ant replies:
Hinc Formīca refert:
"Tunc cantāstī;
modo nunc saltā!"
"You sang then; now dance!"
"Tunc cantāstī; modo nunc saltā!"
"Nam haec grāna, parta labōre meō,
sine tē comedam."
"I'm going to eat my grains without you, since I got them by my own hard work."
"Nam haec grāna, parta labōre meō, sine tē comedam."
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/7

Summer Things
Summer
Roller coaster
Baseball bat
Campfire
Bike
Pool
Parade
Flag

Gallus et Margarita by Phaedrus (iambic trimeter)
Gallus et Margarīta
In sterculīnō, pullus gallīnāceus,
dum quaerit ēscam, margarītam repperit.
Iacēs indīgnō, quanta rēs, inquit, locō!
Hoc sī quis pretiī cupidus vīdisset tuī,
ōlim redīssēs ad splendōrem pristīnum.
Ego quod t(ē) invēnī, potior cui mult(ō) est cibus,
nec tibī prōdesse, nec mihī quicquam potest.
Aliae versiones: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/5

Ecce Corpus
Hoc vero quid est?
Hoc est corpus.
Corpus est, non hocus-pocus. :-)
Voca illud!
Salve, O Corpus!
Salve!
Cujus est vox?
Vox corporis est!
Cui servis?
Corpori!
Qvem vides?
Corpus video.
Cumqvo ibis?
Corpore!
latinum.org.uk

What Am I?
What Am I?
I am a reptile.
I have a long body.
I have scales.
I slither.
I eat birds and rabbits.
I live in the bush.
I hatch from  eggs.
What am I?
I am a snake.

In Terra Sunt - Grammatica
In terra sunt Alti Montes.
Qvis ibi stat?
Terra ibi stat!
Voca illam!
O, Terra!
Salve, O Puella!
Cujus est vox?
Vox terrae est.
Salve, O Puella!
Qvem vides?
Terram video.
Qvem vides?
Video aliqvid in terrā
Alti montes in terra sunt.
Ecce: Mons.
Salve, O Tu, Mons!
Pars montis.
Addo partem monti.
Cui serviunt?
Respondent: Monti!
Qvem vides?
Montem video.
Video aliqvid in monte.
In terra sunt
Profundae Valles.
Haec est vallis.
Salve, o tu, Vallis!
Cujus est vox?
Vox vallis est.
Cui servis?
Valli servio.
Qvem vides?
Vallem video.
Video aliqvid in valle.
In terra sunt Elevati Colles.
Hic collis est.
Salve, O Tu, Collis!
Respondet: "Salve."
Cujus est vox?
Vox collis.
Cui servis, o puer?
Colli servio.
Qvem vides?
Video collem.
In colle aliqvid video.
In terra sunt Cavae Speluncae.
Quis ibi stat?
Cava spelunca ibi stat.
Voca illam!
Salve, O cava spelunca!
Respondet: "Salve."
Cujus est vox?
Vox cavae speluncae est.
Cui servis?
Cavae speluncae servio.
Qvem vides?
Cavam Speluncam video.
Video aliqvid in cava spelunca!
In terra sunt
Plani Campi.
Ecce Campus.
Voca illum!
Salve, O Tu, Campe!
Respondet: "Salve."
Cujus est vox?
Vox campi est.
Cui servis?
Campo servio.
Qvem vides?
Campum video.
Video aliqvid in campo.
In terra sunt
Opacae Sylvae.
Ecce sylva opaca.
Voca illam!
Salve, O Tu, Sylva Opaca!
Respondet: "Salve!"
Cujus est vox?
Vox sylvae opacae  est.
Cui servis?
Servio sylvae opacae.
Qvem vides?
Opacam Sylvam video.
Video aliqvid in sylva opaca.
latinum.org.uk

Summer Fun
Summer Fun!
I can’t wait for summer! My mom and dad let me have more fun.
I like to do lots of things in the summer.
There are places to go, there is yummy food to eat, and I like to do activities.
I like to go to the beach in the summertime.
I play in the sand and go swimming in the water.
Another thing I like to do is go to Lake Compounce.
I go on rides in the water park, and I get really wet.
On rainy days, I like to go to the mall with my mom.
My favorite store is Claire`s. My mom lets me buy earrings.
I like to look at the other stores, too!
I like to go to many different places on summer break.
I like to eat different foods in the summer. Food is good!
I like grape popsicles the best.
I like to eat ice cream in the summer.  I always eat it in a bowl. I like it with sprinkles.
My favorite summer fruit is strawberries.  I eat strawberries with whipped cream on them.
Summer food is fantastic!
Summer is fun, and I'm happy it is almost here.

Horses
I like horses.
I like horses running.
I like painted horses.
This horse's eyes are blue.
I think this horse is white.
I really love brown and white horses.
This horse wants to get through the gate.
This horse is in the woods.
This horse is eating grass.
These horses are running away.
These horses are putting their heads against each other.
This horse is putting his ears down.
These people ride horses.
This horse is drinking water.
This horse is in a stable.
This horse is smiling.
This horse is going to go swimming.
This horse is standing.

Winter Cold
It's cold in the winter.
We wear a warm coat in winter.
We wear a hat in the winter.
We wear boots in the winter.
Mitts keep our hands warm in the winter.
Winter is fun when we are warm.

Dylan's Story
Hi! My name is Dylan.
I drive to school in a blue van.
My favorite color is orange.
I like to go out for Chinese food with Marissa.
I like airplanes.
I have friends named Ross, Lee, Terry, and Arnold.
I like to eat hamburger's with lots of ketchup.
I have a dog named Kota.
I have a job at the police station taking out the trash.
Sometimes, I like to pick on Jeff. Don't touch my coffee, Jeff!!!
Sometimes I like to toot and act like a poop.

Joe's Story Part 2
Hi. It's Joe again. I want to tell you more about me.
Sometimes, I like to be a pest.
I have a dog named Cooper.
Baby Izzy cries a lot and wakes up the whole house.
I like to sing Happy Birthday.
Did I mention that I like to be a pest sometimes?
Brenda says that sometimes I can be a pill!
I go to Uncle Brian and Aunt Tammy's house for a cookout and swimming.
I like the song "Get Back" by the Beatles because it says, "JO JO."
I live with Bob and Angela.
I have a step sister named Tiffany.
Angela likes to groove to the Grateful Dead.
I always eat my chicken nuggets at lunch.
I am happy to see my friend, Matt, again.
One Halloween, Angela dressed me up as a nerd. It was a cool costume.
My real name is Anthony. You can call me Tony.
I like to go on field trips with Kevin and Ray, but sometimes I have to come back because I act like a punk.
This Halloween, I dressed up as a UPS driver that got run over. It was a cool costume.

Spring Rain
The rain is falling.
We wear boots when it rains.
We wear a raincoat.
A raincoat keeps us dry.
Take an umbrella in the rain.
Umbrellas are colourful.
We walk with an umbrella in the rain.
We jump the puddles in the rain.

Little Creations
Ladybug on a flower bud.
Spider on a web.
Hummingbird humming.
Busy bees.
Pretty blue flowers.
Tall white flowers.
Running water.
Jimmy cricket.
Beautiful butterfly.
Tight, little, blue flower bud ready to open.
Pink and white.
Purple flowers all together.
Five petals and five drops of rain.

Plurals: Canes, nomine Montius et Daisia
Montius et Daisia...
Montius sedet in horto!
Videt amicam Daisiam!
Canes ludunt!
Nubent canes!
Canes ad insulas nomine "Hawaii" eunt!
Sex catulos habent!
Canes semper feliciter vivunt!
Finis!

Plurals: cuniculus te salutat
Cuniculus te salutat.
Cuniculi te salutant.
Cuniculus cenat.
Cuniculi cenant.
Cuniculus te audit.
Cuniculi te audiunt.
Cuniculus stertit.
Cuniculi stertunt.

Plurals: FELES
FELES VESTEM GERIT.
Feles cenant.
Feles
dormiunt.
Feles nictat.
Feles bibit lac.
Feles mortua est.

What's in Adam's Bag?
What's in Adam's backpack?
In Adam's backpack, what can you find?
There are lots of books! Books about Marley,
Kung Fu Panda,
iguanas,
reptiles,
sharks,
and Scooby Doo.
Adam likes to write! He likes to write on notebooks,
and notecards.
But a clothes pin?

Flowers
Flowers come in all different colours.
Flowers smell nice.
Flowers have different shapes and sizes.
Flowers are pretty.
Bees love the nectar from  flowers.
Butterflies like flowers.
Ladybugs like flowers.
Hummingbirds like flowers.
Hummingbirds get their food from flowers.
I like flowers.

Rudimenta Grammaticae - Basics of Grammar 1
Rudimenta Grammaticae. J.A. Comenius. 1657.
De Literis
About Letters
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP QRSTUVXYZ sunt literae majusculae.
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP QRSTUVXYZ are majuscules. (capital or 'upper case' letters)
abcdefghilklmnopqrstuvxyz sunt literae minusculae.
abcdefghilklmnopqrstuvxyz are miniscules (lower case)letters.
Enuntiantur
They are enunciated (said clearly)
singulae sono proprio.
each with their own special sound.
Uniformi enuntiantur.
They are each said the same way all the time.
Ph legitur ut p-h, non legitur ut 'F'.
Ph is read as
 p-h, not as F.
Characteres Literarum pingendi sunt pulchre, ut sit scriptura legibilis.
The shapes of the letters are to be well formed, for readable writing.
Exerceatur ergo.
It needs to be practiced.
De Syllabis.
About syllables.
Syllaba est vel UNIUS literae....
A syllable is either ONE letter long...
ut 'A'.
like 'A'.
Syllaba est vel DUARUM literarum...
Or a syllable is TWO letters....
ut 'AB'.
like 'AB'.
Syllaba est vel TRIUM literarum...
Or a syllable is THREE letters...
ut 'abs'.
like 'abs'.
Syllaba est vel QVATUOR literarum...
Or a syllable is  FOUR letters...
ut 'Tabs'.
like 'Tabs'
Syllaba est vel QVINQVE literarum...
Or a syllable is FIVE letters...
ut 'Trabs'.
like 'Trabs'
Syllaba est vel SEX literarum...
Or a syllable is SIX letters...
ut 'Stirps'.
like 'Stirps'.
latinum.mypodcast.com

Rudimenta Grammaticae 2 - Basics of Grammar 2
Rudimenta Grammaticae. J.A. Comenius. 1657
The basics of grammar.
De Nomine
About Names (Nouns)
Vocabula capitis secundi dicuntur NOMINA.
The words in the second chapter are called NAMES (NOUNS).
Est autem nomen, vel masculini generis...
A name (noun) is either of male (masculine) gender...
ut hic REX,
like this KING,
vel feminini generis...
or of female (feminine) gender...
ut haec REGINA...
like this QUEEN...
vel neutri generis...
or of neuter (no sex) gender...
ut hoc REGNUM.
like this KINGDOM.
ut hoc CORPUS.
like this BODY.
Qvum nomen...
When a name...
per diversas terminationes...
by changing the different end bits
flectitur...
is bent around (inflected)...
vocatur talis terminatio...
each ending (termination)  is called...
casus.
a case.
ut dominUS
ut dominE
ut dominI
ut dominO
Qvot autem sint CASUS...
How many CASES there are
apparet
is apparent (can be seen)
ex interrogatione
through interrogation (question)
et responsione.
and response (answer).
Singulariter
Singular
Qvum de UNO loqvimur...
When we talk about ONE...
ita:
in this way (thus):
Qvis ibi stat?
Who is standing there?
Dominus stat ibi.
The master stands there.
Voca illum!
Call him!
O Domine!
O Master!!
Respondet: 'Salve!'
He answers: 'Greetings!'
Cujus est vox?
Whose voice is it?
Vox domini est.
It is the master's voice.
Cui servis?
Whom do you serve?
Domino servio.
I serve the master.
Qvem vides?
Whom do you see?
Dominum video.
I see the master.
Cumqvo ibis?
With whom do you go?
Cum domino.
With the master.
Sunt ERGO Latinis...
THUS, in Latin there are...
casus SEX...
SIX cases...
qvi appellantur:
which are called:
1. NOMINATIVUS
1. Naming (Nominative)
2. VOCATIVUS
2. Calling (Vocative)
3. GENITIVUS seu POSSESSIVUS
3. Belonging (Genitive or Possessive)
4. DATIVUS
4. Giving (Dative)
5. ACCUSATIVUS seu ACTIVUS
5. Action (Accusative)
6. ABLATIVUS seu INSTRUMENTIVUS
6. Departure (Ablative or Instrumental)
latinum.mypodcast.com

Rudimenta Grammaticae 1
Rudimenta Grammaticae. J.A. Comenius. 1657.
De Literis
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP QRSTUVXYZ sunt literae majusculae.
abcdefghilklmnopqrstuvxyz sunt literae minusculae.
Enuntiantur
singulae sono proprio.
Uniformi enuntiantur.
Ph legitur ut p-h, non legitur ut 'F'.
Characteres Literarum pingendi sunt pulchre, ut sit scriptura legibilis.
Exerceatur ergo.
De Syllabis.
Syllaba est vel UNIUS literae....
ut 'A'.
Syllaba est vel DUARUM literarum...
ut 'AB'.
Syllaba est vel TRIUM literarum...
ut 'abs'.
Syllaba est vel QVATUOR literarum...
ut 'Tabs'.
Syllaba est vel QVINQVE literarum...
ut 'Trabs'.
Syllaba est vel SEX literarum...
ut 'Stirps'.
latinum.mypodcast.com

Rudimenta Grammaticae 3 - Basics of Grammar 3
Rudimenta Grammaticae. John Comenius. 1657.
Qvot autem sint casus, apparet ex interrogatione et responsione.
The number of cases becomes apparent through question and response.
Pluraliter...
Plural...
qvum de pluribus loqvimur
when we talk about many
Sic:
Thus (in this way):
Qvi sunt isti?
Who are these people?
Domini sunt.
They are masters.
Voca eos!
Call them!
O Domini!
O Masters!
Qvorum vox?
Whose voice is it?
Vox dominorum.
The masters' voice!
Qvibus servis?
Whom do you serve?
Dominis servio.
I serve the masters.
Qvos vides?
Whom do you see?
Dominos video.
I see the masters.
Cum qvibus ibis?
Whom are you going with?
Cum dominis.
With the masters.
Nominativus et Vocativus dicuntur casus recti...
The nominative and vocative are called "straight" cases.
alii obliqvi dicuntur.
the others are called 'angled' or 'oblique'
Nominativus & Vocativus: Nusqvam enim differunt illi duo...
Nothing really is different between these two (Nominative & Vocative)
nisi in declinatione secunda...
except in the second declension..
et qvidem tantum in iis nominibus
and then only names...
qvae nominativo in -US desinunt...
and then only when the nominative case ends in  -US
ut Brutus, Brute.
(et tu, Brute?)
like Brutus, Brute. (and you as well, Brutus?)
Nomina generis neutri semper habent accusativum similem rectis.
Neuter nouns always have their accusative like the 'straight' case.
Desinuntqve illi tres pluraliter in -A
And these three plurals end in -A
ut, "Ecce: verba!"
like, "Look,  words!"
ut "O verba"
like "O words!"
ut, "Dic tria verba!"
like, "Say three words!"
et singulariter...
and in the singular...
ut, "Ecce: verbum."
like, "Look, a word!"
ut, "O verbum!"
like, "O , word!"
ut, "Dic verbum".
like, "Say a word".
Qvando nomen per suos casus... deducitur
When a noun is taken through its cases...
dicitur DECLINARI:
it is called DECLINING.
qvod apud Latinos
which by the Romans
fit qvinqve modis.
was done in five ways.
Agnoscitur autem id
This is also recognised
ex Genitivo (Possessivo)
from the Genitive (Possessive)
qvi declinationes discriminat.
which discriminates (tells apart) the declensions.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -AE
Those that have AE in the genitive
ea sunt declinationis primae.
belong to the first declension.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -I
Those that have I in the genitive
ea sunt declinationis secundae.
belong to the second declension.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -IS
Those that have IS in the genitive
ea sunt declinationis tertiae.
belong to the third declension.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -US
Those that have US in the genitive
ea sunt declinationis qvartae.
belong to the fourth declension.
Nam qvae habent in genitivo -EI
Those that have EI in the genitive
ea sunt declinationis qvintae.
belong to the fifth declension.
Ideoqve character hic cuilibet nomini adscribitur in dictionario.
That is why this defining characteristic is written in the dictionary.

Blue
What is blue?
The water is blue.
Shutters can be blue.
Flowers can be blue, too.

Hide-and-Seek
Let's start playing hide-and-seek!!
I have to start counting. One, two, three...
Where can I  hide??
We are hiding like this.
Shush, be quiet!
This smells of Koko.
Maybe he was hiding here?
Oh!
You are clever!
I agree with you. You are very good.
However, we were so funny.

World Food
There are many different traditional foods in the world.
A Chinese traditional food is jajangmyeon.
There is ramyeon and sushi in Japan.
Italy has pizza that includes many toppings on the dough.
India has curry and rice that has a special smell.
There is kimchi that tastes very hot in Korea.
Anther Korean traditional food is bulgogi that tastes sweet and good, too.
I think that our food is the best in the world.
I will try to get Korean food known around the world.

Cats
My favorite animal is a cat.
Cats are very cute.
These species of cats are not very big.
I like  kittens very much.
Kittens are very cute.  I love them.
In my neighborhood, I can hear cats crying all night.
A cat's sound is like a baby's crying. When I hear it, my heart feels hurt.
When I see a cat in  the street, I want to have it.
I only want to raise my cat.

School is Almost Over
I am really happy for school to be over.
I can do more things outside in the summer.
I can go on vacations, attend summer school and do summertime activities.
I want to go to Rhode Island. In Rhode Island, I can go on hikes and trails.
I would also like to go to Cape Cod. I would like to see my family and go canoeing.
Finally, I would like to visit New Hampshire. I would like to go to the stores there and walk around and shop.
I can go to summer school in the summer.
I can go on walks, and I can do lots of sports with my friends and have lots of fun.
Also, I can go on trails, have lunch with my friends and go in the community.
Summer school is very fun to go to in the summer.
I love having summer breaks, and summer is a lot of fun to have around.

Saying Hi!
Hello
People like it when I say "hi" to them.
There are many times during the day when I can say "hi" to people.
I can say "hi" to my family when I get up in the morning.
I can say "hi" to my bus driver.
I can say "hi" to my friends and teachers when I get to school.
I can even say "hi" to people I see in the hallway.
I can say "hi" to new people that I meet.
It makes people happy when you say "hi" to them.
I will try to say "hi" to the people I see during the day.

Puppies
PUPPIES!
Puppies sit.
Puppies smile.
Puppies look.
Puppies sleep.
Puppies bathe.
Puppies jump.
Puppies yawn.
Puppies are friends.

The World Outside
This is a leaf.  In the fall, we find leaves on the ground.
This is a tree outside.  They grow big and strong.
The ocean is outside.  We can swim in it.
Sometimes, it rains outside.  If we go out, we get wet.
This girl is jumping.  We can play outside.
These are clouds.  They are in the sky outside.
These are purple flowers.  They grow outside.
This is a kitten.  Animals live and play outside.
There is a big world outside.  Let's go see it!

Yellow
The sun is yellow.
The van is yellow.
The fish is yellow.
The ducks are yellow.
The crab is yellow.
The lemon is yellow.
The sunset is yellow.
The sunflower is yellow.
The rose is yellow.
The snake is yellow.
The bee is yellow.
The iPod is yellow.
There are many colors. I like yellow!

It's Almost Over!
I am excited for school to end!  I want to graduate and go to a new place called New Seasons.
In the summer, I like to watch baseball, and I go to see the New Britain Rock Cats.
My mom and dad have a family cookout, and we eat a lot.
I also like to go to the Portuguese Church Fair, where I listen to music and eat.
I love summer so much. I can’t wait for it to be here!

Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star
Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star
Twinkle, twinkle little star,
how I wonder what you are!
Up above the world so high,
like a diamond in the sky.
Twinkle, twinkle little star,
how I wonder what you are!

Summer
I found a starfish on the beach.
The sun sets over the sea.
She likes to walk in the water.
I like to eat lollipops.
I went to Disney World in June.
I learned to swim this summer.
Boy, do I love to eat ice cream!
Bubbles, bubbles, everywhere.

Summer
Summer is time for fun.
Boats go fast. They are fun.
These flowers are purple.
Sand feels funny.
Lazy summer sky.
This is a crab. It lives on the beach.
Pretty pink dresses.
Flipping is fun.
One sunflower.
Many sunflowers.
A starfish has 5 legs.
Swimming is cool and fun.

Dog Days of Summer
When the weather gets hot,
when the days get longer
and the crabs are at play,
look up to the sky!
Get your lollipop ready...
because summer is here!
Get your best friend.
Jump right in!
And enjoy your friends outside!

Summertime Fun
What did you do this summer?
Did you find starfish in the sand?
Did you go hold your breath under water?
Did you jump in the water?
Did you slide down a water slide?
Did you sail in a boat?
Did you play at the beach?
Did you walk in the sand?
Some people went swimming!
Some people slid on a "Slip and Slide."
Some people rode on rides.
Some people ate barbecue.
The lucky dogs got to swim.

When I Feel Angry
Angry!
Sometimes I feel angry.
All people feel angry at one time or another.
When I get angry, I will find my teacher, Mommy, Daddy or another adult.
When I find them, I will try to use words to tell them that I am angry.
I can say, "I'm angry!" or "That makes me mad!"
It is okay to use words when I feel angry.
They will talk to me about what happened and about how I feel.
This might help me to feel better.
Wherever I am, I can try to find someone to talk to about how I feel.

Summer Fun
They played in the water.
Watching the sun set over the water.
Looking at fireworks from boats in the water.
Look at that big slide.
That tube slide is fun.
He loves to  play in the water.
He played in the water with his shoes on.
You can float in a tube around the park.
Look at the lovely bowls of  watermelon.
More bowls  of  watermelon that you can eat.
He loves to eat watermelon.
Hot dogs are the best part of summer fun.

My Summer
We went camping.
We went to the beach.
We went swimming at the pool.
We went hiking.
We went to the zoo.
We went fishing.
We went to the park.
We went to Sea World!

Jumping
I can jump in the air.
I can jump off the swing.
I can jump with my friend.
I can jump on the bed.
I can jump in the grass.
I can jump in the water.
I can jump rope.
I can jump when I play.

Body Parts
I have two eyes.
I have a nose.
I have a mouth.
I have two ears.
I have hair.
I have two hands.
I have two feet.
I have a tummy.

Strong Women
Strong Women
In the past, women were obedient and they were suppressed.
But present day women are different.
They wear short clothes,
and adorn themselves.
Also, they enjoy sports,
and are interested in many.
Now women are active and open.

Rusticus et Hercules: The Farmer and Hercules
Rústicus et Hércules
The Farmer and Hercules
Rústicus et Hércules
Ecce Rústicus!
This is a farmer.
Ecce Rústicus!
Rústicus currum habet.
The farmer has a wagon.
Rústicus currum habet.
Ecce lutum!
This is mud.
Ecce lutum!
In via est lutum profúndum.
In the road, the mud is deep.
In via est lutum profúndum.
In via lutósa, Rústici currus omníno haeret.
In the muddy road, the farmer's wagon gets completely stuck.
In via lutósa, Rústici currus omníno haeret.
Rústicus valde frustrátus est!
The farmer is very frustrated.
Rústicus valde frustrátus est!
In lutum súbsidit...
He sinks down into the mud...
In lutum súbsidit...
... et Deum implórat:
... and begs God to help him:
... et Deum implórat:
"O Hércules, te implóro: audi mea vota!
"O Hercules, I beg you: listen to my prayers!"
"O Hércules, te implóro: audi mea vota!
"Propítius ádiuva me...
"Kindly come help me...
"Propítius ádiuva me...
... quod currus meus in luto haeret!"
... because my wagon is stuck in the mud!"
... quod currus meus in luto haeret!"
De caelo...
From the sky...
De caelo...
... Hércules ómnia videt.
... Hercules sees everything.
... Hércules ómnia videt.
Currum in luto videt...
He sees the wagon in the mud,
Currum in luto videt...
... et rústicum pigrum.
... and he sees the lazy farmer.
... et rústicum pigrum.
Deus íntonat:
The god speaks in a booming voice:
Deus íntonat:
"Nunc surge, O piger, et ágita equum!"
"Get up now, you lazy man, and drive your horse!"
"Nunc surge, O piger, et ágita equum!"
"Currum impélle víribus tuis!"
"Push the wagon with all your strength!"
"Currum impélle víribus tuis!"
"Ádmove manus - tum demum Hércules tibi propítius erit."
"Set your hands to the task - that's when Hercules will help you out."
"Ádmove manus - tum demum Hércules tibi propítius erit."
Fábula docet:
The moral of the story:
Fábula docet:
Otiósa vota Deus non audit.
God does not listen to lazy prayers.
Otiósa vota Deus non audit.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/9

Rusticus et Hercules: Repetite!
Rústicus et Hércules
___ ___ ___
Rústicus et Hércules
Ecce Rústicus!
___ ___!
Ecce Rústicus!
Rústicus currum habet.
___ ___ ___.
Rústicus currum habet.
Ecce lutum!
___ ___!
Ecce lutum!
In via, est lutum profúndum.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___
In via, est lutum profúndum.
In via lutósa, Rústici currus omnino haeret.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
In via lutósa, Rústici currus omníno haeret.
Rústicus valde frustrátus est!
___ ___ ___ ___.
Rústicus valde frustrátus est!
In lutum súbsidit...
___ ___ ___...
In lutum súbsidit...
... et Deum implórat:
... ___ ___ ___
... et Deum implórat:
"O Hércules, te implóro: audi mea vota!
"___ ___, ___ ___: ___ ___ ___!"
"O Hércules, te implóro: audi mea vota!
"Propítius ádiuva me...
"___ ___ ___...
"Propítius ádiuva me...
... quod currus meus in luto haeret!"
... ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___!"
... quod currus meus in luto haeret!"
De caelo...
___ ___...
De caelo...
... Hércules ómnia videt.
... ___ ___ ___.
... Hércules ómnia videt.
Currum in luto videt...
___ ___ ___ ___...
Currum in luto videt...
... et rústicum pigrum.
... ___ ___ ___.
... et rústicum pigrum.
Deus íntonat:
___ ___:
Deus íntonat:
"Nunc surge, O piger, et ágita equum!"
"___ ___, ___ ___, ___ ___ ___!"
"Nunc surge, O piger, et ágita equum!"
"Currum impélle víribus tuis!"
"___ ___ ___ ___!"
"Currum impélle víribus tuis!"
"Ádmove manus - tum demum Hércules tibi propítius erit."
"___ ___ - ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___."
"Ádmove manus - tum demum Hércules tibi propítius erit."
Fábula docet:
___ ___:
Fábula docet:
Otiósa vota Deus non audit.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Otiósa vota Deus non audit.
Vocabula: Aesopus.PBWorks.com/9

Big, Big World! Big, Big Girl!
Sometimes, you may feel you are too small to do anything.
You may feel your enemy is much bigger than you.
Other people may push you around.
You may say, "I'm too small to protect myself!"
I'm a little girl in the big, big world!"
But,
THINK about it again. Is it true?
LOOK around
and smile!
Stop being alone.
Listen to music,
play with your friend.
You CAN fly if you want (but only for two seconds)!
You're a big girl in a big, big world!!

The Circus
What will we see at the circus?
What will we see at the circus? We will see ONE circus master.
What will we see at the circus? We will see TWO circus elephants.
What will we see at the circus? We will see THREE circus clowns.
What will we see at the circus? We will see FOUR circus tigers.
What will we see at the circus? We will see FIVE circus dogs.
What will we see at the circus? We will see SIX circus acrobats.
What will we see at the circus? We will see lots of people having fun!

How We Talk
Some kids talk in different ways. She talks by signing.
Some kids talk in different ways. He talks by touching a button.
Some kids talk in different ways. She talks by writing.
Some kids talk in different ways. He talks with his eyes.
Some kids talk in different ways. I talk with a device.
Some kids talk in different ways.  We all have something to say.

Īnsulae
Britannia est īnsula.
Hibernia est īnsula.
Ītalia nōn est īnsula.
Eurōpa nōn est īnsula.
America nōn est īnsula.
Britannia nōn est īnsula parva.
Hibernia nōn est īnsula parva.
Jamaica est īnsula parva.
Australia nōn est īnsula parva.

Rainbows
Rainbows are red, orange, yellow, green, blue and purple.
I see rainbows in the sky.
Rainbows can be found in many places.
Rainbows are like a ladder to heaven.

Playing with Friends
I can do lots of things with my friends.
You can go down the slide.
You can run and jump.
You can make faces.
You can swing.
You can play with balloons.
You can blow bubbles.
You can play ball.
You can color.
You can read books.
You can play games.
What are you going to do with your friend?

James Bond 007
James Bond has many faces.
"License to Kill" is my favorite movie.
Pierce Brosnan played in 4 movies.
"Die Another Day" is the title of one movie Pierce played in.
Sean Connery was the first James Bond.
"Goldfinger" is a great movie!!!
Roger Moore played in 7 movies.  Wow, that is a lot!
7 Double O 7 movies for Roger Moore. Super cool.

Going Swimming
I love the water.  Whenever I am near water, I feel joyful.
I love to swim and float in the water.
I love to hold my breath and go under the water.
Sometimes, I like to play alone.
Other times, like at free swim, I like to play with others.
It is fun to play with other kids in the water.
Sometimes, other kids will invite me to play.  Sometimes they say yes to me when I ask them to play.
There are other times when I want to play with others and they say no.  I feel sad.  Sometimes, I get mad.
It is okay to be sad but not okay to get mad.  I can stop, take a deep breath and think of other things to do.
I can take a deep breath and dive under the water.
I can look for other children to play with in the water.
I could ask an older child to play.  Sometimes they will say yes and sometimes they will say no.  That is okay.
If I can't find a child to play with, sometimes I could even ask an adult.
It is important to remember to smile, be friendly and have fun!

Villa Roma vs Casa Americana
Vīlla est vīlla Rōmāna.
Vīlla nōn est parva. Vīlla est magna.
Vīlla est antīqua. Vīlla est alta et longa.
Vīlla Rōmāna pictūrās habet.
Magna vīlla parvam lacūnam habet. Lacūna nōn est longa. Lacūna nōn est alta.
In pictūrā casam Americānam vidēmus.
Casa nōn est antiqua; casa est nova.
Casa nōn est alta, sed casa est lāta.
Casa est in viā longā.
Casa lacūnam habet.
In lacūnā est aqua.
Aqua nōn est alta.

Hockey is Fun
This is hockey.
Hockey is fast.
Hockey is fun.
Hockey is rough and tough!
We go to a hockey game.
We cheer for the Red Wings!
Red Wings will win.
GO RED WINGS!

Cooking in Our Classroom
Getting ready to cook in our classroom.
Looking through all the cookbooks for a recipe.
Marking the place for one of our favorite recipes.
Making a shopping list of what we need.
Shopping for the things on our list.
Then we head for the check-out counter.
When we get back, we have to wash our hands.
Then we get out the mixing bowls.
Next, we measure the ingredients for our recipe.
Then the adults help us cook it.
Next, we have to wash the dishes and pots.
When the kitchen is clean again, we eat our good food.

Independence Day
Independence
Day
Going to the parade.
Here comes the firetruck to start the parade.
Next, we see some characters walking down the street.
Then, we see the band and cheerleaders.
The silly little cars come next.
Then, there is a memory float for the soldiers who have died for our freedom.
Next, we see a float with soldiers on it.
Then we see big balloons.
Then we go to the picnic area.
Here we find different kinds of grilled foods.
We see hamburgers and hot dogs.
Kabobs and more for us to buy and try.
Then we have dessert.
Later that evening, we go to the fireworks show.
Here is a red, white, and blue fireworks display.
Finally, they shoot off a final display.
We go home and do some sparklers and get ready for bed.

Fabula : Pars II : Sepulcrum
For the film of the book search tutubuslatinus on YouTube.
Salve!
Ecce currus.
Currus est domus Celti. Celtus in curro dormit.
Fido extra currum recumbit.
Fido Celtum exspectat.
Mox Celtus somno solvitur
et e curro exit.
Canis latrat.
Ecce pons.
Pons super castras stat.
Celtus ad pontem currit.
Fido cum Celto currit.
Celtus et Fido ad pontem currunt.
Celtus in ponte stat
et Geldum spectat.
Tum Celtus Albionem spectat.
Celtus tristis est.
Nam Celtus Geldum valde amat.
Sed Albionem explorare vult.
Ecce femina, nomine Theresa.
Celtus ad Theresam ambulat.
Theresa est maga benigna.
Theresa signum Celto offert. Celtus signum capit.
Maga Celto de Camera Fati narrat.
Celtus lacum spectat.
Celtus statim ad lacum festinat.
In medio laco est insula parva.
Celtus lacum intrat
et ad insulam parvam natat.
In medio insula est sepulcrum.
Sepulcrum clausum est
sed signum sepulcrum aperit.
Celtus sepulcrum intrat
et sub terram descendit.
Iuvenis fortis...
salit.
Celtus per obscurum natat.
Celtus per obscurum ambulat.
Fido est perterritus.
Subito scarabei Celtum oppugnant.
Celtus gladium destringit
et pugnat.
Celtus scarabeos superat.
Iuvenis Cameram Fati quaerit.

Perseus Porcus
HODIE
Dominus exspectat Perseum.
Dominus vocat Perseum.
Dominus lacrimat. Dominus amat Perseum.
Perseus intrat.
Dominus salutat Perseum.
Dominus et Perseus cenant.
Perseus amat Dominum.
HERI
Dominus Perseum exspectabat.
Dominus Perseum vocavit.
Dominus lacrimabat. Dominus Perseum amabat.
Perseus intravit.
Dominus Perseum salutavit.
Dominus Perseusque cenabant.
Perseus dominum amabat.

Your Mom's Baby
This is a tiger mom. Her baby is a cub.
This is a pig mom. Her babies are piglets.
This is an elephant mom.
Her baby is a calf.
This is a cat mom. Her baby is a kitten.
This is a goat mom. Her baby is a kid.
This is a sheep mom. Her baby is a lamb.
This is a goose mom. Her babies are goslings.
Moms love their babies.
Moms have special names for their babies.
You were once your mom's baby.
What does your mom call you?

Proverbia de Rosis
Provérbia de Rosis
Nulla rosa...
... sine spinis.
Nímium breves...
... flores rosae.
Saepe rosa urtícae próxima est.
Urtícae próxima...
... saepe rosa est.
E squilla...
... non náscitur rosa.
Spina rosis odoríferis próxima semper est.
Semper odoríferis...
... próxima spina...
... rosis.
Armat spina rosas...
...mella tegunt apes.
Spina áspera rosas molles saepe creat.
Saepe creat molles...
... áspera spina...
... rosas.
Etiam inter vepres...
... rosae nascúntur.
Spina etiam grata est...
... ex qua exspectátur rosa.
Coronémus nos rosis...
... ántequam marcéscant.
Coronémus nos rosis...
... cras enim moriémur.
Inter spinas...
... per aerúmnas...
... duratúras quaero rosas.
Véritas...
... et rosae...
... habent spinas.
Rosa...
... quo spinósior...
...fragrántior.
Ne péreant...
... lege mane...
... rosas.
LatinViaProverbs.com

The NBA
So high.
So rough.
So sweet.
So NBA!
So big.
So great.
So tough.
So NBA!
So important.
So alone.
So much teamwork.
That's the NBA.

Pater et Fīlia
Fīlia plōrat.
Pater quī fīliam audit nōn eam videt.
Fīlia quam pater nōn videt īrāta est.
Pater fīliam vocat.
Fīlia quam pater vocat nōn audit.
Fīlia quam pater vocat nōn respondet.
Iam pater fīliam videt.
Iam fīlia quae nōn plōrat laeta est.

Rōmulus et Remus
Rōmulus et Remus
This text is used by permission of its copyright holder, Bolchazy-Carducci Publishers, Inc.
Mārs est deus.
Mārs Rhēam Silviam amat.
itaque Rhēa Silvia
duōs fīliōs habet: Rōmulum et Remum.
Amūlius Rhēam Silviam vinculīs claudit.
Amūlius Rōmulum et Remum in aquam pōnit.
lupa ad aquam ambulat.
lupa Rōmulum et Remum bene cūrat et amat.
Rōmulus et Remus crēscunt.
posteā Rōmulus et Remus Rōmam aedificant.

Flowers
Flowers
This flower has a green stem.
This flower has blue petals.
These flowers have green leaves.
Flowers have roots.
There are many different kinds of flowers.
Some flowers are yellow.
Some flowers are red.
Flowers feed birds.
Flowers feed insects.
People love to smell flowers.
Flowers are beautiful!

Teasing
This is Laura. She is 11.
Laura has a little sister. Her name is Isabella. Isabella is 2.
Sometimes, Laura likes to tease Isabella. Why does she like to tease her?
Because she feels bored sometimes. Laura also likes the way Isabella blocks her ears and runs away.
Laura and Isabella's mum are not happy when Laura teases Isabella.
"Laura, do you know that teasing is a kind of bullying? When you tease your sister like that, you are being a bully to her? Bullying is when someone else is made to feel sad, worried, scared or upset by another person."
"Oh, I did not think of it like that. I am sorry, Isabella."
"That's okay."

Teletubby School
The Teletubbies are going to school. They love school days!
Laa-Laa and Dipsy are in the same class. They are getting ready for PE.
Tinky Winky is in an older class than the others. He is listening well to the teacher.
The Teletubbies all play together at lunchtime.
Home time! Time to get on the Tubby-Bus.

Big Cats
Tigers are big cats.
Tigers are majestic.
Tigers are fearless!
Some tigers are protected.
Tigers are competitive.
Tigers are spiritual.
Tigers are sociable.
Tigers are fearsome.
Tigers are playful.
Tigers are meticulous.
Tigers are a handful!
Love you, Mummy!

Our Holidays
Alec wanted to go on a jungle holiday, but the big, bad gorilla didn't want to let him go in the jungle!
So Alec saw some giraffes, but the gorilla didn't let them into the jungle either!
The monkey was sad that he couldn't come, but then he could.
Joshua wanted to go to the beach for his holiday.
But the waves were too big.
Then the water splashed onto him!
Carlo wanted to go up a mountain.
But he couldn't get up to the top because there were too many mountains.
When he finally got to the top, he saw a beautiful beach.

A Good Combination
Some foods just go together.
Like peanut butter goes with jelly.
And cookies go with milk.
It's what you call a good combination.
Some animals just go with nature.
Like bees go with flowers.
And pigs go with mud.
These are  just good combinations.
Some people just go together, too.
And when you have a good combination,
you know it!

Saying Hello
Sometimes we see people we know.
Sometimes we see people we don't know.
It's okay to say "Hello" to people we know.
It's not okay to say "Hello", give high fives, give knuckles or wave to people we don't know.
If you know, say "Hello."
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
If you know, say "Hello."
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
If you know, say "Hello."
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
If you know, say "Hello."
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
If you know, say "Hello."
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
If you know, say "Hello!"
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
If you know, say "Hello."
If you don't know, don't say "Hello!"
It's not okay to say "Hello", give high fives, give knuckles or wave to people we don't know.

The Iowa State Fair
The Iowa State Fair happens every August at the fairgrounds in Des Moines, Iowa.
There are lots of fun things to do at the fair.
People ride carnival rides.
Some people listen to music concerts.
There are a lot of animals in the barns, including cows.
The baby pigs are in the barn, too.
There is even a cow made out of butter at the Iowa State Fair.
People show off their best fruits and vegetables, like this huge pumpkin.
You can eat all kinds of food at the fair.
Some people like to eat food on a stick, like corn dogs.
People can look at tractors.
They can also watch car races.
Before people go home, they watch fireworks.
The Iowa State Fair is a great fair!

Hawaii
Let's go to Hawaii!
Hawaii is a group of islands.
In Hawaii, we will see a colorful boat.
In Hawaii, we will see a dolphin.
In Hawaii, we will see a sea turtle.
In Hawaii, we will see a sting ray.
In Hawaii, we will see beautiful flowers.
In Hawaii, we will see pineapples.
In Hawaii, we will see coconut trees.
In Hawaii, we will see hula dancers at a luau.
In Hawaii, we will see a surfer riding the waves.
In Hawaii, we will have fun!

The Hotel
I like to go to the hotel.
I put my suitcase on the luggage cart.  Then I go to my room.
I go up the elevator to go to my room.  I push the luggage cart in the elevator.
I like to watch TV in the hotel room.  I like Playhouse Disney.
I like to go to the restaurant and eat french fries.
The hotel has a swimming pool. I swim and play with friends.
I had my birthday party at the hotel.  The hotel was The Broadmoor. It was fun!

President Taft
William Taft was the 27th   president.
William Taft liked to play tennis.
William Taft liked to dance.
William Taft was a huge man. William Taft was 6 feet 2 inches tall.
William Taft was governor of the Philippines.

Canis et Lupus (macrons)
Canis et Lupus
Ecce Lupus!
Ecce silva!
Lupus domum habet in silvā.
Lupus in silvā cibum quaerit.
Non multum cibum invenit.
Lupus macer est.
Quam macer Lupus est!
Ecce Canis!
Canis domum habet in urbe.
Canis Dominō servit.
Dominus cibum Canī dat.
Dominus multum cibum Canī dat.
Canis pinguis est.
Quam pinguis Canis est!
Canis Lupō occurrit.
CANIS: "Salvē, amīce!"
LUPUS: "Salvē, amīce!"
LUPUS: "Mīrātus sum: quam pinguis es tū!"
LUPUS: "Cibum semper quaerō, sed saepe nōn inveniō."
LUPUS: "Unde tantum cibum habēs tū?"
CANIS: "Dominus meus cibum mihi dat."
CANIS: "Cibum mihi dat dē mensā suā!"
LUPUS: "Sed videō in collō tuō cicātrīcēs."
LUPUS: "Unde cicātrīcēs in collī habēs?"
CANIS: "Mī amīce, hōc nihil est."
CANIS: "Interdum mē alligant catēnā."
CANIS: "Catēna cicātrīcēs mihi in collō facit."
LUPUS: "Quam miser es tū, Canis!"
LUPUS: "Cibum habēs."
LUPUS: "Sed cibus servitūtis est."
LUPUS: "Valē, mī amīce!"
LUPUS: "Volō vīvere in lībertāte, nōn in servitūte."
Vocabula:
Aesopus.PBWorks.com/1

Auceps,  Palumbes, et Anguis: Repetite!
Auceps, Palumbes, et Anguis
___, ___, ___ ___
Auceps, Palumbes, et Anguis
(LatinViaFables.com)
AUCEPS: Ego auceps sum.
AUCEPS: ___ ___ ___.
AUCEPS: Ego auceps sum.
Ego aves cápio!
___ ___ ___!
Ego aves cápio!
Foras eo, ut aves cápiam.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Foras eo, ut aves cápiam.
Quid vídeo?
___ ___?
Quid vídeo?
Árborem vídeo.
___ ___.
Árborem vídeo.
Arbor altíssima est.
___ ___ ___.
Arbor altíssima est.
Quid in árbore altíssima vídeo?
___ ___ ___ ___ ___?
Quid in árbore altíssima vídeo?
Ecce: palúmbem in árbore vídeo!
___: ___ ___ ___ ___!
Ecce: palúmbem in árbore vídeo!
PALÚMBES: Ego palúmbes sum.
PALÚMBES:  ___ ___ ___.
PALÚMBES: Ego palúmbes sum.
Ego avis mitis sum.
___ ___ ___ ___.
Ego avis mitis sum.
Hic in árbore altíssima nidum hábeo.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Hic in árbore altíssima nidum hábeo.
Quid procul vídeo?
___ ___ ___?
Quid procul vídeo?
Hóminem vídeo.
___ ___.
Hóminem vídeo.
Homo procul est.
___ ___ ___.
Homo procul est.
Quod homo procul est, non me distúrbat.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
Quod homo procul est, non me distúrbat.
Hic in árbore mea máneo.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Hic in árbore mea máneo.
AUCEPS: Palúmbem in árbore vídeo.
AUCEPS:  ___ ___ ___ ___.
AUCEPS: Palúmbem in árbore vídeo.
Procul est, et arbor altíssima, sed volo palúmbem cápere!
___ ___, ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Procul est, et arbor altíssima, sed volo palúmbem cápere!
Ego adprópero et insídias mólior.
___ ___ ___ ___ ___.
Ego adprópero et insídias mólior.
ANGUIS: Ego anguis sum.
ANGUIS:  ___ ___ ___ ___.
ANGUIS: Ego anguis sum.
Ego serpens sum - serpens venenósus!
___ ___ ___ - ___ ___!
Ego serpens sum - serpens venenósus!
Ecce: hóminem vídeo.
___: ___ ___.
Ecce: hóminem vídeo.
Homo adpróperat ad me, sed me non videt.
___ ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Homo adpróperat ad me, sed me non videt.
Homo me premit!
___ ___ ___!
Homo me premit!
Homo me premit cálcibus!
___ ___ ___ ___!
Homo me premit cálcibus!
Mórdeo!!!!
___!!!!!
Mórdeo!!!!
HOMO: Quid est?
HOMO:  ___ ___?
HOMO: Quid est?
Quid me mordet? ME DOLET!
___ ___ ___? ___ ___!
Quid me mordet? ME DOLET!
ANGUIS: Homo me premit, et eum mórdeo!
ANGUIS:  ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___!
ANGUIS: Homo me premit, et eum mórdeo!
AUCEPS: Exanimátus sum!
AUCEPS:  ___ ___!
AUCEPS: Exanimátus sum!
Miser sum, quod anguis me mordet.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Miser sum, quod anguis me mordet.
Dispéreo!
___!
Dispéreo!
Álteri insídior, sed ego ipse dispéreo.
___ ___, ___ ___ ___ ___.
Álteri insídior, sed ego ipse dispéreo.
ANGUIS: Palúmbi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
ANGUIS:  ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
ANGUIS: Palúmbi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
PALÚMBES: Mihi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
PALÚMBES:  ___ ___ ___, ___ ___ ___.
PALÚMBES: Mihi Auceps insidiátur, sed ipse dísperit.
Álteri qui insidiátur, ipse dísperit.
___ ___ ___, ___ ___.
Álteri qui insidiátur, ipse dísperit.
http://LatinViaFables.com

Sssh!
Everybody sleeps.
Babies sleep.
Tigers sleep.
Birds sleep.
Hippos sleep.
Pandas sleep.
Mice sleep.
Flamingos sleep.
Time to wake up!

Animals in Nature
The lions are playing. Playing is fun!
Elephants like to go for walks. How many elephants do you see?
Spots, spots everywhere! Giraffes have long necks and lots of spots!
Monkey, monkey, what do you see? If I count to three will you tell me please?
One!
Two!
Three!
I see a crocodile looking at me!
Smile, smile, Mr. Hippo. How many naps do you take?
One!
Two!
Three! Oh boy, I am so tired!

What Will School Be Like?
I am going to school today.
I am all ready.
What will school be like?
Will school be scary?
Will school be safe?
Will school be serious?
Will school be funny?
Will school be busy?
Will school be fun?
What do YOU think school will be like?

Welcome to Mesquite
I live in Mesquite, TX. In Mesquite, there are many fun things to do.
You can go to the rodeo and chase a cow.
You can go the AMC Theater and see a movie.
You can go to Devil's Bowl Speedway and see cars race.
You can go to Celebration Station and ride a go-cart.
What's your favorite thing to do?

Getting Attention
I see someone I want to talk to.
When I want to get someone's attention, I do not grab or poke.
I gently tap someone's shoulder.
I then use my Chat PC to say, "I have something to say."
I use my Chat PC to take turns talking with my friend. I talk about myself and ask him questions. I look at my friend and wait for him to answer me before I talk again.
Talking with my friends is fun!

Sports
I like soccer.
The man wanted to get fit.
She can't hit all of the balls.
The man is swimming in a competition.
The girl plays hockey with a team.
The boy jumps to get the ball.
The man tries to score.
The girl tries to catch the ball.

Star Wars Clone Wars
This is Anakin Skywalker’s ship.
And I’m Anakin Skywalker.
I’m Ahsoka Tano, and I’m a padewan.
I’m General Grievous,
and this is my ship.
“Battle Droids, attack!” ordered General Grievous.
Anakin and Obi-wan battle the Destroyer Droid,
while Yoda battles the Battle Droids.
“Aaaaaaaaggghhh!” yell the Battle Droids.
Meanwhile, Ahsoka is fighting the Super Battle Droid,
and wins.
“Watch out, Ahsoka!” yelled Anakin.
"I’ll defeat you, young padewan,” said Grievous.
May the force be with you.
To be continued…

Things That Go!
Trucks go.
Vans go, too.
Cars go fast.
Motorcycles go fast, too.
Trains go slow.
Skateboards go slow, too.
Bicycles go on sidewalks.
Scooters go on sidewalks, too.
Airplanes go in the sky.
Helicopters go in the sky, too.
Boats go on water.
I go on water, too.

Adagio Gets Mad
Adagio is 7 years old.
Sometimes, Adagio is happy.
Sometimes, Adagio gets mad.
A different word for mad is frustrated.
When Adagio is frustrated, he sometimes can't handle his temper.
Sometimes, Adagio makes bad choices.
Some of those choices hurt others' property.
When Adagio gets frustrated, he sometimes has to be told what to do.
Adagio doesn't feel good about those choices.
Adagio wishes he wouldn't break and hurt things.
Sometimes, Adagio thinks about taking a break.
Adagio decided that instead of getting mad, he is going to take breaths and think about a better solution.
If Adagio thinks about a calm way to solve his problem, he won't get in trouble.

The List
I don't remember why, but one day I was laying in bed. I was angry.
I was angry about everything I didn't do in my childhood.  I was angry about everything people I know could do, but I could not.
I was angry about the people from my childhood that kept me from learning these things.
So I made a list.
Everything I wanted to do, make or learn went on this list.
Then I set goals to learn, make or do them.
Over the summer, I started these goals.
I didn't get very far, but I still have the list.
I still keep adding to it, still keep reaching for the top.
Funny how much a simple list can do.

Moving
There was a huge event that directly impacted my life.
I was just getting out of 3rd grade, entering 4th.
My dad wanted to go back to college at Iowa State University.
We lived a couple hours away, so commuting wasn't an option.
So, my family and I had to move to Ames.
We went from rural Iowa to the city, very different lifestyles.
I had to leave all of my friends behind.
I didn't know anybody in Ames, so it wasn't that fun at first.
It gave me the opportunity to meet some new friends.
Now, I have friends from both places that I know and talk to.

Water Cycle
Water Cycle
The water cycle has no beginning or end. Water is in the icecaps and also in the air as water vapor.
The water cycle has many types of clouds and they are: Cumlus, Alto Cumlus,
Stratocumlus,
Cirrus,
Stratus, Cumuloimbus, Nimbostratus and Cirrocumulus.
This cycle is made up of: evaporation,
condensation,
precipitation and collection.
Evaporation is when the sun makes the rivers,lakes or the ocean become hot and turn into steam or vapor. After the water is hot, the steam or water vapor goes into the air.
Condensation is when the air gets cold and changes to liquid. This then forms clouds.
Collection is when water falls on earth as precipitation. This may fall back down in the oceans, lakes or rivers.
Bibliography: http://www.kidzone.ws/WATER/

Moving
When I was living in Arizona, I never thought that we would leave our home.
My dad left to start his job here before my mom, sister and I moved.
We had to make sure the house was clean,
and we had to pack everything up.
This experience brought me closer to my sister and mom because we had to get through it together.
I learned that even if you think something is impossible, you can get through it, and it can make you closer to people.
Also, I realized that change can let you grow and can also make you appreciate things you took for granted.

Woodstock
They were welcomed.
40 years ago they came to Woodstock.
The music played. And the crowds went wild.
This is a different kind of Woodstock. Do not generalize.

Family Friends
Family are friends.
Family is where you feel most welcome.
Family is loving even though it's tough love sometimes.
Family is being with people that are awesome.
You're happy when you're with family.
Family  is people who take care of you.
Family is hope.
Family will watch your back.

My 1st Roller Coaster
When it came to riding roller coasters, I was deathly afraid.
So I stuck to riding things like the ferris wheel.
This all changed when I went on a band tour to Orlando, Florida.
I was forced to go on the Aerosmith Rockin' Roller Coaster.
My friends and I waited in line for hours.
It didn't help that it was really hot outside, too.
When I got in my seat, my heart started racing!
At a moments notice, the roller coaster took off!
Thank goodness it was dark inside.
I was sad that the ride ended, but my first roller coaster was a rockin' good time!

My Little Dogs
I'm a baby.
They are my best friends.
She is my mother.
He is my father.
She is my girlfriend.

The Dolphins
I am a dolphin in the sea.
Here I am with my teacher.
Here I am swimming with my friends.
I have a new friend.
Here I am in a show.
This is my photo.

I Clean My Teeth
These are teeth.
Everyone has teeth.
Everyone cleans their teeth in the morning.
Everyone cleans their teeth at night.
I clean my teeth morning and night.
Teeth smell nice when they are clean.
It makes my family happy when I clean my teeth.
I will clean my teeth morning and night.
Everyone cleans their teeth.

School
Summer is almost over.
It is time for school to start.
I ride the bus to school.
I see my bus driver and my teacher.
When I get to school, I am good.
I smile at school.  I don't cry.
I don't scream at school.
I want friends at school.
I try to talk at school.
I like to play on the computer at school.
I try to learn to read.
I do math.  I see nine circles, do you?
I learn about the world.
School is fun.  I try hard.
At the end of the day, I pack up.  I get ready to go home.
I say "bye" to my teacher and my friends.
Sometimes I ride home in a car.
Sometimes I ride home on a bus.
Will I see you at school?

